 
www.ambergroupindia.com 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
Corp. Address:  
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: 
Universal Trade Tower, 1st Floor, Sector 49, Gurgaon-1 22018             C-I, Phase II, Focal Point, RajpuraTown-140401, Punjab 
Tel.: +91 124 3923000 I Fax: +91 124 3923016,17                                 Tel.: +91 1762 232126, 232646 I Fax: +91 1762 232127 
Date: 01.08.2023 
 
To 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited 
Department 
of 
Corporate 
Services 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code : 540902 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
Scrip Code : AMBER 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript for operational and financial performance of the Company for the 1st 
quarter of financial year 2023 - 24 
 
This is further to our letter dated 21 July 2023 intimating the details of Earnings Call with Investor/Analyst 
(Participants) to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company 
for the 1st quarter of financial year 2023 - 24, held on Wednesday, 26th July 2023 at 10:00 A.M. IST.  
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call Transcript. The same is also 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www.ambergroupindia.com/investor-events-
presentationhead/ for your information and for information of members / participants and public at large. 
 
This information is submitted to you pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, as amended. Kindly take the 
same into your records and oblige. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully 
For Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
 
(Konica Yadav) 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Membership No. : A30322 
 
CIN NO. : L28910PB1990PLC010265 

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Amber Enterprises India Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JASBIR SINGH – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – AMBER ENTERPRISES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. DALJIT SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – AMBER 
ENTERPRISES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDHIR GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AMBER ENTERPRISES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY ARORA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR–ILJIN 
ELECTRONICS (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
RAC & CAC DIVISION – AMBER ENTERPRISES INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Amber Enterprises Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Jasbir Singh, Executive Chairman and CEO and Whole Time Director of Amber Enterprises. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Jasbir Singh. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Hello, and good morning, everyone. On the call, I'm joined by Mr. Daljit Singh, Managing 
Director; Mr. Sudhir Goyal, CFO; Mr. Sanjay Arora, CEO, Electronics Division (please note he 
is whole time director of our subsidiary ILJIN Electronics (India) Pvt Ltd. It was erroneously 
mentioned as CEO Electronics division); and Mr. Sachin Gupta, CEO of RAC Division; and our 
Investor Relations advisors, SGA. 
We have uploaded our results presentation on the exchanges, and I hope everybody had an 
opportunity to go through the same. Quarter 1 of FY '24, which is usually a strong quarter for 
the RAC industry, was marked by unseasonal rains and weather patterns. Owing to the muted 
demand that industry witnessed, the channel inventories together elevated levels and is expected 
to come down to normalized level by end of quarter 2 of this financial year. 
In H1 of calendar year '23, industry has declined by approximately in the range of 20% to 25%. 
However, we expect RAC industry to grow by 7% to 8% on a year-on-year basis for financial 
year '24, which augurs well for Amber. As mentioned earlier, we had anticipated the changing 
trends in the RAC industry and have created diversified solutions by expanding our offerings 
under components and subassembly segment. 
I will now take you through the consolidated financial highlights. On the revenue front, for 
quarter 1 FY '24, revenue stood at INR1,702 crores versus INR1,826 crores in quarter 1 FY '23. 
On operating EBITDA, for quarter 1 FY '24, operating EBITDA stood at INR138 crores versus 
INR131 crores in quarter 1 FY '23, a growth of 6%. Operating EBITDA margins for Q1 FY '24 
stood at 8.1% versus 7.1% in Q1 FY '23. 
Our component strategy, which led to product mix change, has helped to improve these margins 
during the quarter despite weak demand in RAC, owing to unseasonal weather patterns. 
Operating EBITDA is before impact of ESOP expense and other nonoperating income and 
expenses. 
Now moving to the divisional performance. RAC and Components division. For Q1 FY '24, 
revenue stood at INR1,244 crores versus INR1,439 crores in Q1 FY '23. For quarter 1 FY '24, 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
operating EBITDA stood at INR96 crores versus INR86 crores in Q1 FY '23. Margins during 
the quarter improved on account of component strategy, which led to product mix change. 
RAC and Components division is expected to grow faster than the industry growth in FY '24. 
On Mobility Applications division, which includes Sidwal, for quarter 1 FY '24, revenue stood 
at INR104 crores versus INR95 crores in Q1 FY '23. For Q1 FY '24, operating EBITDA stood 
at INR21 crores versus INR26 crores in Q1 FY '23. Quarter 1 FY '23 margins had benefited 
from low-cost inventory base and hence not comparable with Q1 FY '24. However, sustainable 
margins of this division would be in the range of 20% to 22% at the current commodity prices. 
We expect Mobility Application division to grow in a range bound of 15% to 20% in this current 
financial year. 
We are at last leg of receiving a large order in this division, which will take our order book to 
close to about INR800 crores. On the Electronics division, which includes ILJINand ever, for 
quarter 1 FY '24, revenue stood at INR267 crores versus INR208 crores in Q1 FY '23. For Q1 
FY '24, operating EBITDA stood at INR11 crores versus INR9 crores in Q1 FY '23. 
Electronics division has witnessed growth in revenues as well as operating EBITDA. Currently, 
a large part of the demand of PCBAs for non-smartphone applications is fulfilled by imports. 
Government thrust to manufacture electronics locally present a multifold growth opportunity for 
this division. Electronics division is expected to grow in a range of 35% to 40% in FY '24. 
On the Motors division, for quarter 1 FY '24, revenue stood at INR87 crores versus INR83 crores 
in Q1 FY '23. For Q1 FY '24, operating EBITDA stood at INR10 crores versus INR10 crores in 
Q1 FY '23. We were able to maintain our revenues and operating EBITDA owing to new product 
range introduced in previous quarters. 
And Motor division is expected to grow in a range of 20% to 25% FY '24. Exports grew by 40% 
in quarter 1 as compared to previous years. With this, I would now open the floor for questions 
and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My first question is with respect to the Electronics segment. We have seen very good growth in 
the segment in the first quarter of this year. Margins are somewhere in the range of around 5%. 
Is there a scope for this to improve? What can be the drivers of improvement in terms of margins? 
And if you can talk about the growth drivers also for the segment slightly more in detail would 
be great. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes, this margin, you're right, is in the range of 5%. When we bought these companies, it was 
in the range of 3% - 3.5%. We are moving towards a 6% range, and that's what we guided that 
in the next two years' time, we should be getting those numbers. Because the reason is that the 
new orders which we are taking and the new applications which we are entering into are coming 
with a slightly higher margins and we are very bullish on this divisional performance as well as 
the future growth prospective of this division. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
When we bought this company, this was in line to air conditioners moving from fixed speed  to 
inverters.  But when we entered into this company, we saw that it's an ocean of opportunities, 
and we started diversifying it into various applications. 
So today, apart from air conditioners, this division is serving refrigerator, washing machine, 
microwave ovens, water purifiers, fans and hearable, wearable and telecom sector, and we are 
also adding newer applications moving forward. So, we are very bullish about this division of 
ours. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Understood. And the second question is with respect to the mobility business. 
So what are the large -- is there any large order opportunities which are there in the pipeline 
from metro side or other railway segment side which can kind of give in large orders to this 
particular category? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Certainly, I mean, you must have been hearing a lot of news on the modernization of 
railway program and about 25 to 26 new cities where tenders are getting opened from urban 
development ministry for newer metro lines and the existing metro lines are also expanding. So, 
we are having two strategies here in this division. One is, of course, our HVAC offering has now 
moved to railway and then metros, and we are serving all most every customer in this range. 
And then we have strategized to move into deeper wallet share within the existing customer by 
offering products like pantry systems,gangways and doors. So that is also moving fine for us. 
We have done two technology agreements with two companies, one is Canada based and one is 
a Taiwan-based companyfor the doors and gangways. We are hopeful to start getting orders in 
this category also. So larger aim and the long-term aim is to make Sidwal a multiproduct 
company in the rail subsystems category. 
And moving into the line of India, which is a next 10-year story for railways and metros. So we 
are quite bullish on this division as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sonali S. from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
And congratulations on a great set of margins. Sir, my first question is regarding margins itself, 
about 7% -- more than 7% this quarter. You mentioned product mix changes. So could you give 
us more color as to what exactly were the product mix changes? And how sustainable do you 
foresee this margin trajectory to be in? Do you think the coming quarters can sustain at about 
7% to 8% from here on also because of the PLI benefits coming in? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Thank you, Sonali, and good morning. Yes, the margins expanded, and the prime reason is that 
as we explained in the last couple of quarters that we are shifting our strategy towards more of 
components. That is what led to this margin increase.  in both AC as well as non-RAC 
businesses, which we've added in the last couple of quarters, are paying dividends now. 
On the percentage terms, I will again reiterate what I've always said that it is very difficult for 
us to predict the percentage of margins because of the high product mix which we carry as a 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
solution provider. Yes, but we will maintain our guidance that on the absolute EBITDA basis, 
you will see a jump of 25% to 30% on the EBITDA level. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
This is year-on-year for FY '24, right? Is there any pricing actions that you have taken in Q1 so 
far? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, there was no need of taking any pricing action because the commodities are more or less on 
the same level. So there is no change in the pricing. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. 
Renu Baid: 
I have two questions. First, you've highlighted various new emerging areas where we see 
developments coming towards companies expanding. So what kind of investments are you 
expected to do in the next 18, 24 months across these segments development? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Renu, we guided earlier that total capex for this year is going to be in line of INR350 crores to 
INR380 crores range. And that is primarily because of maintenance capex of all 27 plants, plus 
the R&D initiatives. And, as explained, that our divisions are now moving to different 
applications. So, we will need some capex in the divisional part also for expansion of our 
capacities for newer applications, which we want to address it. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And the second question is on the growth side. While in RAC and Components, you 
mentioned you'll be growing faster than the industry. In the earlier interaction, you mentioned 
the industry may address to flattish or may decline for the full year. So how should we look at 
the RAC and Component business growth? And simultaneously mobility. When you're getting 
into many adjacencies, you're guiding for only 10% to 15% to 20% growth for Sidwal. So is that 
not slightly more conservative given addition of new capabilities and end markets that we are 
looking within the right portfolio? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. On the second question on the mobility side, Renu, basically, the newer applications, which 
we are getting into as a multiproduct company for train subsystems. That is doors, gangways, 
pantry systems  will start paying dividend from next year onwards. 
So this year, we have already closed the TOTs. Now in  the Phase I we are taking prototype 
orders. And then we'll be furnishing these prototype orders by quarter 4. And from next year, 
quarter 2 starting, we will start getting the reflection of this multiproduct strategy of ours in 
Sidwal. 
 We are expecting to double Sidwal revenue as well as bottom line in next two to three years' 
time. That's the strategy moving forward. On the room AC, what was your question? On the 
component side, yes, I mean, we are adding new customers on the component side. And also, 
because the customers have shifted their strategy to in-source largely we've been able to 
proactively change our strategy in tandem with the customer strategy. So that is what is making 
us more confident to deliver more than industry growth. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So industry, earlier, we guided that our industry will remain flattish. But now looking at the July 
and the August order book and September order book, I think industry should come up to with 
a single-digit growth patterns  by this year-end. And Amber to deliver more than the industry 
growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, my question is a little follow-up. You mentioned about July sales. And you're looking at the 
growth, you expect about 7% to 8% growth in the RAC. If that so then Amber should be in the 
range of double-digit growth, let's say, 15% to 18% in RAC? 
Jasbir Singh: 
It will be very difficult to predict whether it is 15% to 18%, but I think we should be at least 3% 
to 4% higher than the industry at least moving forward, looking into our strategy, which is 
moving. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Okay. Okay. And so, sir, you mentioned about Sidwal growing double digit. So do we -- in the 
multiyear product that we are mentioning, do we maintain the margins of about 20%? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Sidwal maintainable margins are in the range of 20% to 22%. If you would have seen the 
last 4, 5 quarters, you know that it changes, varies from quarter-to-quarter because sometimes 
we have AMC contracts billing happening. Sometimes we don't have AMC billing happening. 
And then in other ways, there is a product mix of bus air conditioning, defense applications, plus 
metros and railways. So on a yearly basis, 20% to 22% is maintainable. 
Moderator: 
We move to our next question. Our next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir, one question, primarily the split between ACs and RAC and Components. Could you talk 
about rough margins in both of them? Because we've seen a period 3 years, 2.5 years back, where 
our margins went from 8% to 6%. And again, in this quarter, we have jumped to 8%. So just for 
us to be able to understand this better, what is the margin in your RAC business and your 
component business approximately? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Actually, this is a very company sensitive information, and we would not like to highlight on 
the complete vertical split. So we have a range. I can talk about the range. The range of finished 
goods to component varies from close to about 6% to almost about 9%. That is the range on 
which we supply various models, whether it is in goods or it is the component. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Okay. This is helpful, sir. And can you talk about proportion in both of them? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Proportion, yes, RAC proportion is reducing now. You would have seen in the presentation also 
that I think from -- it used to contribute close to about 68% a couple of years back. Now only 
48% is RAC in the complete consol balance sheet and more of is it components adding up. 
Pulkit Patni: 
No, I'm asking in that standalone between RAC and components, what is the proportion? 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Earlier, it used to be 70-30, but now we have reached almost 50-50. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang. 
Natasha Jain: 
My first question is you mentioned in your presentation that industry is expected to grow by 7% 
to 8%. So I assume this is at a RAC and component level. So even if I take a 7% growth, sir, at 
the current market operating price, I come to a volume of about 9 million units. So sir, just 
wanted to understand, would we be able to do that kind of volume given that quarter 1 is already 
gone and it was a bad quarter. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. We are in that that's about 9 million numbers. Because what we are seeing right now is the 
inventory getting liquidated in quarter 2. And generally, whenever this kind of trend happens 
because we've seen bad seasons 4 or 5x in our history of the last 22 years. So there's always a 
certain jump in quarter 4, which leads to a single-digit growth trajectory, and that is what should 
happen this year as well. So we are very confident that market should come to about 9 million. 
So industry should come to 9 million this year. 
Natasha Jain: 
All right. And sir, just on the market share. So if we are expected to do a 3% to 4% higher than 
industry, would that mean your market share would come to around 31% in FY '24 from 29.4%. 
Can we expect that? 
Jasbir Singh: 
We should expect something big, I mean, good trajectory beyond 29% as we are adding more 
components and we've added more customers also in both components as well as in the (check 
right word) category. We should see that. 
Natasha Jain: 
All right. Okay. And sir, my second question is on the Motor division. So we've been hearing 
throughout the previous con call this segment is expected to show strong growth, especially on 
the back of exports. When I see the quarter numbers, it has not been a very high-growth area for 
us. So first, if you could just tell us the split between domestic and exports? And how do we see 
this segment going forward? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Earlier, the export was contributing in a single digit, 7% to 8%. But now export is contributing 
about 11% to 12%. And that's why I -- in my commentary, said that we've seen about 40% jump 
in our export orders in quarter 1 as compared to last year quarter 1. 
So moving forward, we are expecting some good growth in quarter 1. But the reason why we 
are changing the guidance instead of 30% to 20% to 25% is because looking into the bad season 
right now moving on. And most of the customers, they have high inventory of this product 
category with them. 
So even if they liquidate the inventories, the larger order book will start coming from quarter 3 
and quarter 4 end. So exports will be positive for this division, and we'll continue to maintain 
the margins in which we are. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Karan Sanwal: 
So my question was I wanted to understand the capacity utilization in our facility at a major 
consolidated level. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Very difficult to answer your question, Karan, because we have five divisions and all the 
divisional capacities are at different level. But if I want to give you a gist of the divisional 
capacity utilization, I think if I talk about motors, we should be at about close to about 50% 
capacity utilization. 
We've just moved into a newer factory last year in that category. On RAC, we will be again 
talking of about 50%, 55% capacity utilization because we did two greenfield facility 
expansions. And on Sidwal, w in mobility application,  we are at about close to  65% to 70%. 
And in Components division, again, some of the components, we are at 65% to 70% and some 
of them we are at 50%. 
Karan Sanwal: 
And my second question was I wanted to understand what percentage of raw material are 
imported and maybe which country contributing those , make that come to those imports? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So on the imports of raw materials, as guided earlier also, you must have seen in our balance 
sheet that we pass on any price fluctuations on the raw material side to our customer at a quarterly 
lag basis. But yes, there is a big trend which is changing due to PLI, which is that the component 
ecosystem is getting built now in India. So we expect the larger objective of PLI was that the 
local value addition,  which was currently at 25% in FY '21 should go to about 75% value 
addition in our country within the next 5 to 6 years' time. 
And we are seeing that this trend will go to about 50% by next year itself. So PLI is playing its 
role of creating a component ecosystem. I think in the next 2 to 3 years' time, our import content 
should come down. 
Moderator: 
We move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Pankaj Tibrewal from 
Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Can you give us some color on the balance sheet? How is it shaping up? And on the return on 
capital, the trajectory which we have been talking about, it will be a lot appreciated. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Pankaj, as guided earlier that we already touched 15% of return on capital towards doing about 
16% to 16.5% this year. And as guided earlier, I would like to reiterate that in the next 2 to 3 
years' time, we should be in the range of 19% to 21%. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
And any color on the balance sheet as we speak because interest cost has moved up quite 
substantially. So just some color on the overall balance sheet debt numbers. 
Jasbir Singh: 
I'll ask Sudhir to answer this question. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So what kind of color you are looking for in terms of balance sheet? Like -- what exactly you 
want to know? Because these... 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Gross and net debt and the capex done in the first quarter and the cash flow. So if you can just 
help us on that. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
For cash flow, we have not prepared still, but I'll give you separately after calculating the number 
of cash flow. But in terms of net debt, we have a net debt of INR788 crores as on June 30. And 
the capex done is around INR40-odd crores in the quarter 1 (Please note Rs. 40 crores of capex 
in Q1 was on standalone basis). 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
And this year, you're talking about INR350 crores to INR380 crores of capex? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Yes. Yes. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Okay. Okay, fair. And just one kind of check back. This return on capital number, which you're 
talking about includes other income, right? That's how you get to 15% last year? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Yes. It is on EBIT. It is on EBIT line. Yes. So it is a cash line. It is like other income includes 
our interest cost and everything. So it is on the EBIT. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Okay. So you have included the other income. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Alok Deshpande: 
First question is on the Electronics division. It's now at an annualized run rate of nearly 
INR1,100, INR1,200 crores. So any color you can give on what is the product-wise split within 
that electronics revenues? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Right now, almost 30% revenue is coming from hearable and wearable and 70% is consumer 
durable. But we've started the small shipments in the telecom sector. So by year-end, I think the 
consumer durable and appliances sector should come to about 55% to 60% and 40% would be 
the other hearable, wearable plus telecom. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay. And consumer durable is a mix of different products, I'm guessing different appliances 
you said? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Consumer durable, we have AC, refrigerator, washing machines, microwave ovens, water 
purifiers and TVs. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay. Understood. And just quickly on this quarter gone by. If you were to split this quarter 
into, let's say, two halves. Did the first half of the quarter 1 was something where you had the 
majority of the sales and later on, the sales were lower? Because you're talking about inventory 
sort of channel inventory being elevated in the channel. So I'm guessing the second half of the 
quarter would have been muted. Is that the right understanding? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So generally, in quarter 1, if you see the previous year's trend also, the April month is the peak 
month, then it starts slowing down from last week of May and then it slows down in the June. 
But this year, April itself was a dissuader because of the unseasonal rains. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
So I would say -- it was like a standard kind of a quarter for us where because of the rains, a lot 
of inventories were stuck because April, there was hardly any sales in the finished goods 
category. So there are companies who couldn't sale. They were down by almost 40%. There 
were some companies who were flattish. So on an average, industry was down by about 20% to 
25%. That's how the elevated levels of inventories are there in the system. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
I wanted to understand, I mean, you touched upon this point in the previous participant question. 
I wanted to understand that as all EMS companies who are giving confidence are doing a margin 
of, say, 15%, 17% in the component business. Maybe in PCB board supplying to consumer 
electronics. So what is -- if we are moving towards more on the component side and what kind 
of margins can we be and why is it? Like if we ramp it up, then how much can the margin 
increase? To what level can it increase is what I wanted to understand in the component 
business? And why are we doing it low compared to other EMS companies who are doing it? 
What would be the difference, I wanted to understand. 
Jasbir Singh: 
So basically, there are EMS companies which have 4% EBITDA, and there are EMS company 
in electronic sector, which has about 11% to 12% EBITDA. It depends on which applications 
you are serving to. 
So there are about 9 to 10 sectors where you can address or deliver these solutions in the 
electronic space, starting from the lowest margins in our sector, which is consumer durable and 
home appliances, then moving on further in the industrial and health care sector, it is more. In 
auto, the range is about 7% to 9%. 
But if you start catering to defense applications and railway application, then it is 11% to 12%. 
So we started this division by equity infusion 4, 5 years back, primarily because of air 
conditioners then when we saw that it's an ocean of opportunities, we started diversifying. So  
now what we are doing is, we are bringing in more applications. And that's the reason why we 
have guided that. 
Margins will slightly improve in coming years to come. And as we continue to add more 
applications, we can also reach to that level, but it will totally depend on when we are able to 
track the customers in that range of higher-margin businesses. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from AMBIT Capital. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, I had a question on the [inaudible 0:32:08]. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Dhruv, you were not audible. Can you repeat your question? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, please go ahead with your question. You're audible now. Mr. Dhruv, there seems to be 
a problem with your connection, I guess. Could you unmute your line, please? May I request the 
management that we move to the next participant. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Our next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity. 
Madhav Marda: 
Just wanted to get -- I think you mentioned in the initial part of the commentary, but the RAC 
industry growth this year, how do you expect it to shape up through the rest of FY '24? Is my 
understanding right that Q2 could be a bit better than Q1 because Q1 was a lot impacted and 
then you're expecting Q4 to be a much better one as inventories normalize. Did I understand 
right? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Basically, we are seeing some uptick in July month. And I think if the inventories get 
liquidated in quarter 2, then quarter 3 and quarter 4 should be positive. But quarter 4 will 
generally be positive. 
We have seen this trend of bad seasons earlier also. I mean, within the bad season, this was the 
worst season which we saw. 
But it bounces back. It's a strong comeback whenever this kind of thing happens. So CAGR of 
industry gets maintained. So I think we are quite bullish looking into the trend of sales of most 
of the large companies, we think that industry should come up in the 7% to 8% range. 
Madhav Marda: 
And July, you think absolute volumes could be a bit better than what we've seen in Q1, like 
despite that being sort of the summer season? 
Jasbir Singh: 
On secondary sales, yes, you're right, July would be a little better on the secondary sales part of 
it. Primary sales, I would not say because primary scale dealers are carrying inventory. So they 
have started selling those in July and August. 
Madhav Marda: 
Understood Yes. And just second question on Sidwal, I think you did mention that there is a lot 
of traction in the end market, which we are seeing on the infrastructure side. So just how could 
the growth be here because there's so many new projects coming up on the railway side, metro 
side. So how Sidwal could benefit? Because what we understand you all do have very good 
market share in this space in India. So just your thoughts. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Madhav, I explained it earlier, I'll repeat it again. So we are following 2 strategies. One is, of 
course, we are penetrating deeply into the HVAC solutions for our customers. And then we are 
offering and  graduating into a multiproduct company into the rail subsystems. 
So we are adding some new products whereby our wallet share per car from a current level of 
about INR20 lakhs to INR25 lakhs will jump to almost about INR75 lakhs to INR80 lakhs. But 
that is a gradual process. It doesn't happen suddenly. So we are very bullish about this segment 
and the division. 
We expect this division to double in the next two to three years' time, both in top line and bottom 
line. And that's how the strategies are moving. And this year, we have already started supplying 
apart from HVAC units, we have started supplying pantry systems. And now we are getting 
prototype orders for doors and gangways. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So next year, doors and gangways will also come into a larger category. I think that's how this 
division will move ahead to be a multiproduct rail subsystem company moving forward with the 
technology-led components. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
I have one more medium-term question. So given where we are seeing margins of some of the 
brands or OEMs, do you think there's a risk that the component manufacturing can also be 
brought in-house by them and thereby shrinking our target market or addressable market? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, on the scale of 1 to 10, if we say that everybody will start manufacturing all the 
components, that's not possible. That's -- basically, what happens is we have customers who 
have only 20% of in-sourcing. We have customers who havejust assembly lines and they buy 
100% components outside. And we have component -- we have customers on the other side who 
are deeply backward integrated. So they will be at a level of 7 or 8 in the backward integration. 
But still, there is a lot of scope of component supply to even customers which are deeply 
backward integrated, we are still supplying components to them. 
So it's just like auto story that if Toyota puts up a factory, they will do car chassis on their own. 
They will do car bodies and they will do engines on their own, and future may be battery-packs 
and control systems. But will they ever start producing tires and bumpers and steering wheels 
and seats or audio related systems or glasses. 
So similarly, in our sector, when a brand or a customer puts up their own factory they generally 
go with the assembly line labs and heat exchangers or maybe injection molding machines and 
maybe some kind of other equipment. But largely or maybe compressors, which is not our 
addressable markets. But generally, we have seen all the brands like they buy something from 
us. 
So our objective is that how can we continue to be a dominant share in the manufacturing 
footprint point of view. Today, we have about 29.4% market share in the complete value 
proposition, value manufacturing footprint. And even if you maintain this, it's going to be a good 
exponential growth from here on. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. That's helpful. Secondly, I know it will be different for different components, but on a 
weighted average basis, what kind of asset turn a new facility of greenfield facility generally 
enjoy? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, different divisions are at different asset turns. If I talk about electronics, we'll be at asset 
turns of about 10 to 11. If we talk about mobility applications, our asset turns will be about 15, 
12 to 15. If we talk about asset turns of air conditioners, especially in the assembly line, you can 
reach to 7, 8. But if you talk about complete backward integrated lines, the asset turns can be 
only 4. So it depends on which components you want to supply to. It varies from component to 
component. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
We move to our next question. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong 
Securities. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Sir, given that we are looking at an industry level decline in the first quarter. Can you give us 
some sense on how this has played out regionally in terms of the industry performance, given 
that you will be catering both on RAC and Components. So you have some sense of how a 
particular region has done. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well  we need to refer to the GFK reports because they are the one which comes out to proper 
region-wise, we don't monitor region-wide sales because  we are a B2B company. So we supply 
to customers and then they supply further. 
But what we are hearing from brands and from our customers is that North India was a big 
dissuader because of continuous rains starting from March and until now. So North is like a 
complete, what shocked the markets and. But otherwise, the West and East, we are hearing that 
this is going pretty well. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Okay. So this is the continuation of the earlier question. Given that we've seen a fairly intense 
capex intensity over the past 5, 7 years, either directly or through acquisitions, etcetera. When 
do you think you'll be done with large part of the capex in terms of the growth capability that 
you had in mind? And therefore, what is the ROCE that you have in mind, which will be a more 
sustainable number that we can maintain? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, we've done pretty large capex in the last two years. We've almost spent close to about 
INR1,100 crores. This year, we have guided we'll be in the range of INR350 crores to INR380 
crores. And so a large part of the capex is over. We don't need any more greenfield facilities for 
air conditioners or for our motor divisionthey are already shifted to newer plants. And also, we 
are doing some capex. But maintainable ROCEs in our sector on a long-term point of view is 
between 19% to 21%. 
Last year, we did 15%. And this year, we are likely to cross 16.5%, 16% to 16.5%. 
Moderator: 
We move to our next question. Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from AMBIT 
Capital. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Sir, just a clarification on the subsidiary margins on PLC and the electronics division. So you 
see a sequential decline. Should we assume that margins will remain in this level or it should 
revert back to the earlier trend because in a couple of quarters for at least PIC, we've seen about 
14%, 15% margins. 
Jasbir Singh: 
So it will vary from quarter-to-quarter because we have some exports coming in and then there 
are different product mix we have. Again, I'll reiterate that please don't see the balance sheet in 
the percentages of margin. It's absolute EBITDA basis where one need to see the B2B company 
like us. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Because we have a high range of 5% to 22% of EBITDA businesses. So it's very difficult to say 
at what percentage. But yes, looking into the moving trajectory right now, like we have guided 
that Sidwal will be in range of 20% to 22%, Electronics will be about 5%, 5.5%, and motors will 
be around 9% to 12% range. So that is the range which we operate in the subsidiaries. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And sir, we see a sharp sequential interest cost increasing. So -- and you are doing the 
INR350 crores to INR380 crores sort of capex. So should we assume that in this year, we're not 
going to see any net debt reduction or debt levels will remain at the current levels? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, I think --  a lot of cash flows start coming in quarter 4, and we may reduce the debt by 50 to 
100 range as per the business plan, which we have right now. So I think that looks doable right 
now. 
Moderator: 
We move to our next question. Our next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So one, with the industry likely to having a very muted growth this year. So do you see any 
impact from PLI benefits that industry will receive? Or is it fair to say that there may not be a 
real PLI benefit that the industry may receive this year? Also on -- particularly on our company 
side, the benefit that we received in FY '20, what is the likely budgeted PLI benefit that we made 
in FY '24? 
Jasbir Singh: 
So last year, we've maintained -- we've achieved the incremental sales required as per PLI. And 
this year also, we don't see an issue of reaching to our incremental sales part of it. there may be 
some companies who may not be able to do it. But as far as Amber is concerned, we are pretty 
much on track. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. So that's good to know. And if you can quantify the amount that we are likely to get. 
Jasbir Singh: 
See, the total we have applied for INR400 crores in the PLI. So we are one of the largest PLI 
applicants. And as per the PLI structure, which is there. In the next five years, we would be 
receiving close to about INR270-odd crores as we move ahead. 
So last year, incremental sale PLI benefit we should be receiving this year maybe in quarter 3 or 
quarter 4. And this year, PLI benefit after the balance sheet is final, will be received next year. 
So it will come until 2027, '28. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Okay. So sir, fair to assume that we might be generating a benefit of around [INR3 crores 
to INR50 crores 0:45:41] in this year '24 and FY '23 also? 
Jasbir Singh: 
No, no. It is gradually increasing because there is an incremental threshold sales target defining 
the PLI. So in the first year, like it is for ~INR300 crores capex, it is INR15 crores. Next year, it 
is INR30 crores, then it is going to INR37.5 crores. Like that, it is on an increasing trend because 
every year, the threshold of incremental sale is increasing based on the incremental capex. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay. Okay, sure. And the last question. The industry is likely has almost added now 3 to 3.5 
pieces capacity. So do you see any margin impact that may happen in this time because 
everybody may like to increase the capacity utilized? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes.  I think there are 5 or 6 brands who are putting facilities. The others are not putting facilities. 
But -- so I would say the complete changeover of the landscape shift of in-sourcing, outsourcing 
has almost finished now. So the last leg is remaining by one customer who will be starting their 
factories very soon, probably by October. Other than that, everybody has started. And there's 
one more Japanese customer who is likely to start next year. So that's all. Otherwise, more of 
less it has settled. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nirav Vasa from Anand Rathi. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Just wanted to understand, can Sidwal provide air conditioning solutions for trucks? And how -
- and as government has mandated air conditioning for trucks, we intend to get into it? 
Jasbir Singh: 
See, one impact is very sure that once the car drivers will start sitting in an air-conditioned 
environment, they will have ACs in their homes also. And once the AC starts penetrating into 
that community, you can see the exponential jump on room air conditioners to come. 
Coming to your question on Sidwal getting into truck air conditioning system, I mean, we can 
give the solutions. We right now giving solutions on the truck refrigerator, reefer parts. If 
somebody has to come with their older trucks and get it converted, we can do that. But we don't 
see that a large business plan because the notification, which has come, is from 2025 onwards. 
And  that is pertaining to the newer trucks, which will be sold. Newer trucks today also are 
getting sold with the air conditioned largely. The non-AC will be converted into the AC part. So 
what we are focusing is the truck reefer part as well as the bus air conditioning sectors. 
Nirav Vasa: 
Okay, sir. And sir, the other question is pertaining to exports. So would it be possible for you to 
share updates on the exports that we can do in FY '24 across our standalone business and across 
each subsidiary? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. So on the PICL side, as I explained, that export has moved up, and we are seeing a good 
traction. We should be doubling our exports probably in the next two years' time. 
On the finished goods side of air conditioners, - with some customers we have reached the last 
leg of getting the BEE approval. The prototypes have already started. And next year, we should 
see some good -- volumes coming up for the finished goods also. 
Nirav Vasa: 
And for Electronics? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Electronics, we have not yet started any initiatives. Our division are busy in India itself. Probably 
they will create a global strategy once they are very stable in India and start because they are 
increasing their footprint into the South India. Now they have put up a brownfield expansion in 
Chennai, and they have done another expansion in Noida and they are bringing up more 
applications in the electronics side. 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
So their strategy for next two to three years will be within India. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mr. Pankaj from Affluent Assets. 
Pankaj: 
Just wanted to understand, what is the total addressable market for us in EMS space? And how 
are we working on it? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, on the EMS side, we can divide this answer into two categories. One is on the room air 
conditioner side and other side is electronics side. Electronics, you must have seen a lot of 
research reports that it's both import substitution as well as the domestic market, which is going 
into the electronic side. 
Every appliance, every auto and every other sector are adding electronics into their products 
category, and that is where they place it. So it's -- on the electronics side, I think it's a ocean. It's 
right now close to about $7.5 billion worth of PCBA's are getting imported in the countries. And 
if we even just do the import substitution category, then it's enough for everybody to get up in 
that space. 
Pankaj: 
So what are we doing to increase the presence out there? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Well, we are adding customers. So -- and which is helping our nation to substitute on the imports 
as well as helping our company to grow into various applications. We started with air 
conditioners. But today, if you see air conditioner imports have almost rose in the AC category. 
So in the AC category earlier, 75% was inverter PCB was getting imported. Today, it has shrunk 
to almost about 20%. 
So that is a big change which we have seen in our sector. Then we have graduated into 
refrigerator, washing machines and other sector, plus wearable, hearable and telecom sector. 
Pankaj: 
Can you please give guideline how we are expected to grow, especially in EMS space? 
Jasbir Singh: 
In the EMS space, we have already guided our electronic division is likely to touch 35% to 40% 
growth rate this year. Last year also, they grew by 70%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kaushik Mohan from Ashika Stock Broking. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
So my question is basically on your railway segment. So I just wanted to understand as a business 
perspective. You sell the ACs under conditioners to the AC railway manufacturers directly or it 
goes to the government and then it goes to the person? What's the process? 
Jasbir Singh: 
It has actually two types of customers. One, we have Indian railways, where Indian railways 
have their own factories in Kapurthala, Chennai, Raebareli And other places. And there are zonal 
railways also where they maintain and refurbish older coaches. 
So we supply to all railway divisions. That is where we participate in tenders and we receive the 
orders and we supply directly to Indian railway factories. Then on the metro side, we supply to 

 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
the train manufacturers, the metro car builders like Alstom and Bombardier or-- CRRC, or CAF 
, who are making the car body. So we have  our customers  in that category. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it, sir. Sir, the last question, how would the margins and the payment cycle from the 
government side for this division? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes, we haven't seen any issues in the payment cycle. It's quite streamlined. It's a company which 
is sitting on a positive cash.  In the metro side, we have payment cycle from 90 to 120 days. In 
railways division, it is starting from 60 to 90 days. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
How about on the margin side, sir? Any guidance on the margins? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Margin, on that division, we have already guided. We will maintain about 20% to 22% of 
EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question of our question-and-
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Jasbir Singh for closing 
comments. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining on the call. I hope we have been able to address all your queries. 
For any further information, please get in touch with Rohit  or Strategic Growth Advisors, our 
Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you very much. Have a good day ahead. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Amber Enterprises, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
