  
 
 

 
August 2, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498
 
 
Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call 
 
 
Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated July 28, 2023, for Audio of Conference Call with the 
investors on the financial results for the first quarter ended June 30, 2023, in this connection 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2023-24/Q1/Transcript-of-the-MSWIL-Q1FY2023-24-Investor-Call 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
 
 
Encl:a/a 
 
5HJG2IILFH
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
8QLWė&:LQJ21(%.&*%ORFN%DQGUD.XUOD&RPSOH[
%DQGUD(DVW0XPEDLė0DKDUDVKWUD,QGLD
7HO)D[
&,11R/0+3/&
(PDLOLQYHVWRUUHODWLRQV#PVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
ZHEVLWHZZZPVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by 
POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2023.08.02 
18:36:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited (MSWIL)  
Q1 FY24 Results Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. MAHENDER CHHABRA 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. G. N. GAUBA 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL) 
 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited                                 
(MSWIL) Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the conference call of MSWIL. We had a 
wonderful quarter and I know you would be having questions. So, I will hand it back. Please ask 
your questions and we will answer to the best of our capability. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question & answer session. We will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
We take the first question from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Good evening, Sir. On the results, firstly I just wanted to check, we have seen an improvement 
in raw material to sales ratio for the quarter. Does this reflect a drop in commodities or cost 
reduction? And going ahead, what is the outlook on both cost reduction and commodity prices? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Right sir, Anurag this side, I will take this question. Kapil Singh ji, as you have requested for 
this raw material cost, see it’s very difficultbecause the product mix is different from one quarter 
to another, so what we make or manufacture the harnesses from one quarter to another quarter, 
requirement of the customer, and product mix is very different. So, it's not easy to say that…. 
Apple-to-apple comparison is a little bit difficult in this. But as said that raw material, there are 
many other things which we are taking actions internally, say on the localisation front which is 
actually going to give a benefit to us in the coming times. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay understood, but if you could just explain this reflects more of, in your view, mix or did we 
realize anything from commodity prices softening or you expect that to come in future? 
Mahender Chhabra: 
This is mainly related to the product mix and the content mix of that. As far as commodity prices 
are concerned, one of the main components that we use is the copper for which we have pass-
through arrangement with our customers – with some customers at a quarter lag and with some 
customers at a half year lag. So, it's more to do with the products that we are doing, the mix of 
the components within that product. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay, and second, in the press release, we have also mentioned that there are inflationary 
pressures on wages. Does the current quarter reflect the full impact of that or should we expect 
more wage increases also to come through the year? 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Good question, As far as wages are concerned or manpower cost is concerned, there are some 
external factors which control it, which is basically related to minimum wages, which are 
governed by the state government and there is something which is internal. As far as external 
factors are concerned, slightly difficult to comment on that whether there will be another increase 
in the minimum wages, and if yes, which state or how many states, and it all depends on that. 
Otherwise, whatever increase has been there effective 1st of April, that has been considered into 
these numbers. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay that’s helpful. Also, we have talked about initiating supplies to two leading players in the 
EV commercial segment. Could you just throw some light on which type of product it is? Is it a 
light commercial vehicle? And are these high-voltage wiring harnesses or inverters? What all 
does it include? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
This is very specific to the customer. We are unable to tell you the customer names into that. 
But these are related to the high-voltage harnesses only where we have started supplying. 
Though electric and high voltage, we are in all the segments whether it is passenger vehicle, 
commercial, two-wheeler, or buses; it's across. But there are new segment customers also adding 
as well as the established customers also we are supplying these parts. 
Kapil Singh: 
EV commercial segment means LCVs? Just the category I wanted to understand. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Kapilji, I need to check and offline I can confirm it. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay, I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi Sir. Just a clarification on the RM cost side. So as we see some moderation in the RM Cost 
on Q-Q basis or on Y-Y basis. This will be pass with the lag… so when you pass it on our RM 
cost or percentage of sales are declined right?  
Anurag Gahlot: 
Sir, I would like Jinesh ji to repeat the question again. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
What I'm asking is, when we pass on the RM cost to our customers based on the contracts, it 
will have implications on RM as a percentage of sales for us while absolute impact on EBITDA 
may not be there. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Okay what I understand from your question is that you are saying that at the time of start of any 
business the RM cost mentioned into the products is… actually Jinesh ji I am sorry I am not able 
to understand. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, let me put it the other way around. Our RM cost as a percentage of sales which we see on 
our financial statement on a quarterly basis or on an annual basis, does that get influenced by 
RM cost pass-through contracts which we have with our customers? The reason I am asking this 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
is because we have seen a good moderation on QoQ basis for our RM cost as a percentage of 
sales. And you are broadly indicating this is because of the mix-related changes. So, would there 
be any influence of commodity costs on this number? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
As far as commodity is concerned, particularly on the RM cost as Chhabraji has also confirmed 
that whatever the impact on the commodity, for say copper or for the exchange rate, that is being 
on the pass-through. It's a straightaway pass-through. There is no as such of very big impact of 
these commodities going to impact anything on the raw material cost. Is this the question you 
were asking? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
No. Maybe I'll take it separately with you. No worries. The second question is with respect to 
the CAPEX side. Can you give any indication of what kind of CAPEX-related investments we 
will be doing this year considering the order wins have been also quite strong on the EV side? 
Would we need to incur further CAPEX for this growth? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Yes, in this year '23-24, we see a CAPEX of approximately Rs. 125 crores. And this does not 
include land & building. And this is mainly for directly, as you said, customer increased demand. 
As you know that land & building we have taken on rentals from SAMIL. For the future 
investment, this depends upon the availability of land; and all that will be done by the appropriate 
company. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Lastly, would it be possible to share what would be our revenues from EVs now given that we 
are seeing good traction? Would it be possible to share as a percentage what kind of revenues 
we get from EVs? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Are you asking about the order book? We are not disclosing that number. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Not the order book, of the revenues. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Pankaj, are we giving that number from MSWIL? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Similar to what we give in SAMIL, I was wondering if…. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
That's what I'm thinking. Because, SAMIL we give. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes, we haven't shared yet. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
But don't think we are giving it in MSWIL. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
No worries. If you can consider sharing it later, that will be helpful. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Anurag, take a note of that. If we can, from the next time, we can give them what's the EV 
number. But EV number is normally very very…. 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Currently, it's very small, I understand. 
Anurag Gehlot: 
As Mr. Sehgal has suggested, we don't give these EV numbers separately. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Because, it's too small. If you want, then I'm sure they can work it out. But anyway, as you all 
desire, we will try if we can give it from the next time. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
That would be great. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal Gupta from HSBC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
I just wanted to understand, in Q3 last year, you had guided that we will get the margins back to 
normal levels by Q1. But yet we see that the margins are still quite low. I am just trying to 
understand what has changed since then in terms of what was your understanding then versus 
now, which is leading to sort of margins remaining at extremely low levels. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
When you say extremely low, what is the margin according to you? Because, we never guide 
you on margins. 
Sonal Gupta: 
No, sir, you didn't put out any absolute margin number, but if I look at the presentation as well 
as…. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Then, how are you saying it's extremely low? Extremely low because of your thinking or because 
we had guided you? 
Sonal Gupta: 
You had guided for margins to improve more towards the average. If I look at FY22, it was 
closer to 13%. It would be closer to that sort of a level was what I would expect when you are 
saying the margins will normalise back to previous levels. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Fair enough. Can you remember who guided you at that time, in the second quarter or third 
quarter you are talking about, 6 months back? 
Sonal Gupta: 
I believe Mr. Gauba was on CNBC talking about that. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Mr. Gauba is now not the CFO anymore. Is Gauba there on the line? No? Mr. Gupta, we will 
get back to you. I don't remember us guiding you for the margin, but I'm sure we will try and 
find out from Mr. Gauba because he is still here till 31st of August. So, we will find out and get 
back to you. 
Sonal Gupta: 
The point was you had highlighted certain factors like the new plant capacities are ramping up 
and there were certain cost pressures that you were in negotiations with the customers to pass 
those on. Given that you have expanded capacity by almost 25%, I am just trying to understand 
where are we in terms of absorption of those costs and the ramp up that we expected? You have 
talked about in the annual report also that you are supplying for 23 new models including the 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
changes, etc., which are going to be a significant part of the overall revenue. So, I am just trying 
to understand where we are in terms of that journey? Is there still a lot of distance to travel in 
terms of ramp up and cost optimisation? 
G. N. Gauba: 
Sonal, first of all, we have always said and maintained, including on CNBC, we never guide on 
the margins. What we talked about, you subsequently try to cover that. The new capacities which 
we have established will start getting better utilised by the end of quarter 1 or next year subject 
to customer pickup or customer plans being met as per the scheduled plan. There was no 
guidance on the margins. As far as we are concerned, we have only been guiding on the return 
on capital employed. Definitely, if you look at the quarter 1 of this year, the performance 
compared to quarter 2 and quarter 3 when we started expanding our capacities and introduction 
of new models, the performance is far better and improved compared to those if you will look at 
in terms of the operational performance. 
Pankaj Mital: 
And just to add to the point that if you know from the market information and as we have also 
mentioned in our release that there have been in this quarter block holidays with some of the 
main customers. Some of them were planned and some of them were not planned. And as we 
would have seen from the market information already that many of the models couldn't achieve 
the volumes which they were envisaged to achieve due to some of the supply chain issues as 
well. So, the capacities which we have created are currently not in full use. They will continue 
to get ramped up over a period of time with these ups and downs in the market. 
Sonal Gupta: 
And just lastly, in terms of the annual report, you also mention about the increase in cost of some 
of the components like connectors, etc., which you were in negotiation with customers to sort of 
being able to pass on these costs. I just wanted to understand, because we were quite optimistic 
over the last 2 quarters that we will get some sort of a pass-through. How do you see that? Are 
we able to pass on these increased costs or as of now, a significant portion is still sort of under 
recovered? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Sonalji, this is a continuous process. These are work in progress with the customer. Whenever 
such things are there, we are discussing regularly with them and we are recovering also. It's a 
work in progress and ongoing activity, actually. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
And Sonal, you should also just remember that it's a never ending process at the moment it 
appears because the components and all that are increasing on virtually a quarter-on-quarter 
basis kind of thing. By the time you get the recovery for the last thing, you already have another 
negotiation started for the next particular thing. There are many moving parts in that. The 
currencies, the components itself, also electrification, and a lot of these things are moving parts. 
I think the best thing is that we look at the end of the year. That's the time when all of them come 
into some sort of a culmination, hopefully, and let's hope in this high inflation kind of a thing, 
we can give you guys some more guidance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks again, I just wanted to check, we have talked about supply chain issues at customer end 
and this issue has been going on for some time. What is the visibility that you have now for 
Motherson Wiring as well as for customers? Are you seeing that these are largely easing off or 
by when do you think where we can see production levels at the desired levels by the customers? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
There is no lack of intention by the customers to produce. If they can produce even one car more, 
they will. But there are so many moving parts, Kapil, and that is something that you have to 
understand. We have a war going on. We have the China factor. I can keep on trying to explain 
the whole thing, but I think the will from our customer side and from the supplier side is to 
provide as much clarity as they can. But things go wrong without you even knowing but it goes 
on. Pankaj do you want to add something on this or Anurag? 
Pankaj Mital: 
No, Actually you are right, sir. Kapil, the point is that these are sometimes so unforeseen that 
even the customer is not able to predict. These are all making best efforts and trying to do the 
best. And to put it in perspective, yes, the supply chain issues are not completely over. They 
keep coming back and hitting sometimes. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I just want to add one more thing that as a company, we are getting ready for that because at 
times, they change the plan also but we are there to service the customer so that they should not 
have any interruption into their supplies also. We get ready at our end to make sure that we 
continue supplying parts to them. 
Kapil Singh: 
So, at this stage, it's not possible to say whether we are likely to see better production in the 
coming few months or is there enough visibility right now or not? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
On the contrary, I am saying if the car makers can make even one more car, they are willing to 
make it. In fact, the thing is so volatile in the world at this moment that we are doing everything 
possible to make. And I don't think you will hear this kind of commentary from the car makers 
that they are not able to sell or something. It's more about supply chain and if they can supply, 
definitely they will sell. According to me, the contrary is true. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
A couple of things. One, if you can explain what has been the favourable change in mix which 
resulted in improving gross margins so that one can understand that these are the segments of 
better margins going ahead just from a mix perspective? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Are you talking about production? What are you talking about, sir? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
You said because of a favourable mix and not because of any commodity movement, the gross 
margins have turned favourable. If you can explain which are the segments where the mix 
improved resulting in better gross margins? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
You mean we should tell you about the customers? Is that the question? 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Segment mix. Which segment revenue mix improved? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Segment means what? Pankaj, Anurag can please…. I couldn’t understand the question.  
Anurag Gahlot: 
Banerjee Saab, the thing is that, as you are seeing that sequentially, we are growing up and we 
don't talk about margins. We always remain on the monitoring of the ROCE. And as per our 
group philosophy, we have to be more than 40%. We have given more than 40% in the last 
financial year, and we are very much on the track. So, we are just monitoring that part only. Is 
that the one you are looking for? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
The word favourable mix, so just wanted to understand what turned favourable? From that angle 
only, I was just trying to understand what a favourable mix would it be for us. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Favourable Mix, maybe he is referring to the comment that was there in the commentary, maybe 
that. The favourable mix was actually that in spite of shorter days, in spite of the closedown with 
the customer and all that, and they were selling a bit more of the luxurious side, I think that 
might be the favourable mix that you are looking for. As you see, the entry level cars almost 
everywhere are underselling. That probably should explain it to you. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
But anyways, entry level car weakness has been there for a long period. Just this quarter 
specifically, I don't think there is any change particularly from that angle. Leaving that aside; 
second thing, sir, those new facilities which were added last year and as you explained that 
gradually they are ramping up. What is the level of utilisation on those new facilities now? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See the efficiency, the utilisation of one of the plants has reached to around 55% plus at this 
moment. And we are seeing that in Q2, that is going to grow up to another 10% to 15% going to 
add over there. The other facility is already reaching to approximately 80%. Majorly, only there 
is 1 plant left out which is still at 50% to 55% which will grow in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to Mr. V. C. Sehgal for his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. I think the board congratulated the team for doing a great job. All the 
customers are at the moment very busy trying to get all the supply-related issues and all that 
thing sorted out. Some cases, semiconductor is also still an issue. And I think all of you are 
aware of the logistic challenge and all those things are unavailable across the world. But in spite 
of that, I think Motherson has done a phenomenal job. MSWIL has performed very well. All the 
customers have been taken care of to the best of their abilities. Whatever the demand was, they 
were met. Thank you very much for joining and I hope we answered all the questions that you 
were wanting. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, we conclude today's conference. Thank 
you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 

 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript 
is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs 
and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can 
may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, 
market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the 
Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage 
caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each 
make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make 
such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
 
