August 22, 2023
The Secretary
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code: 540975
The Manager,
Listing Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
This is further to our earlier letter dated August 14, 2023, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, held on August 14, 2023, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call.
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Thank you
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited
Hemish Purushottam
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2023.08.22 
17:39:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
  
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q1 FY24 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
AUGUST 14, 2023 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Management:  
Dr. Azad Moopen – Chairman & Managing Director  
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Dr. Nitish Shetty – Chief Executive Officer, India 
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Joint CFO 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Joint CFO 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief of Investor Relations and M&A 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Balachander R  
___________________________________________________________________________ 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
 
 
Balachander R: 
Good evening, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare's Earnings 
Conference Call for the First Quarter of Financial Year '24. The company 
declared the Q1 FY24 results today. To discuss the quarterly business 
performance and future business outlook, we have the senior management 
team at Aster DM Healthcare available with us. Namely, Dr. Azad Moopen; 
Chairman and Managing Director at Aster DM Healthcare; Ms. Alisha 
Moopen, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. T.J. Wilson, Non-Executive Director; 
Dr. Nitish Shetty, CEO of India, Aster India Business; Mr. Amitabh Johri; Joint 
CFO; Mr. Sunil Kumar, Joint CFO; and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief of Investor 
Relations and M&A.  
 
We'll begin with opening remarks by management followed by an interactive 
Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will get a chance to ask a question 
by raising your hand by clicking on the raise hand icon in the zoom application 
at the bottom of the window, we will call out your name after which your line 
will be unmuted and you will be able to ask your question. We request you to 
please limit your question to two but not more than three per participant at 
a time. 
                                           Certain forward-looking statements may be discussed in this meeting and 
such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government 
action, local, political or economic developments, technological risks and 
many other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially. 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited, will not be in any way responsible for any action 
taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly 
update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or 
circumstances. With this, I will ask Dr. Moopen to start with the opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 3 of 24 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you very much, Bala. Good evening, everyone. Thank you all for joining 
us for our earnings call for Q1FY24. Before I talk about our performance, let 
me touch upon the health care space in the region briefly. The Indian health 
care market is expected to touch USD 638 billion in 2025, with a compound 
annual growth rate, (CAGR) of 22% and the GCC, health care market is 
expected to reach USD 135.5 billion into 2027, growing at a CAGR of 5.4% 
from 2022. 
Healthcare being an essential service has also become one of the largest 
sectors in terms of both revenue and employment opportunities. Several 
factors are driving the growth of the healthcare sector, including an aging 
population and a growing middle-class population with the rising proportion 
of lifestyle diseases. The requirement for healthcare services of an individual 
is directly proportional to the age with increasing spend on medical care as 
we age. It is estimated that nearly 80% of the total healthcare spending of an 
individual occurs in the last 20% of his lifetime. This highlights the increasing 
healthcare budget of individuals, families and nations with an aging 
population. 
There is a requirement for increasing the allocation in budget to increase the 
proportion to the GDP, which is very low in India now at around 3%. In 
addition to these demographic trends, COVID-19 has catalyzed long-term 
changes in the attitudes towards personal health, hygiene, health insurance, 
fitness and nutrition as well as health monitoring and medical checkups. The 
pandemic has also accelerated the adoption of digital technologies, including 
tele-medicine. The advent of artificial intelligence is transforming healthcare, 
and it is very important that all the healthcare providers brace for its influence 
in the coming years and be ahead of the curve. 
On the policy front, the government is undertaking deep structural and 
sustained reforms to strengthen the healthcare sector. It has also announced 
conducive policies for encouraging foreign direct investment. India has 
emerged as one of the fastest-growing emerging economies for the last two 
decades, receiving the largest FDI inflows. The health care sector has received 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 4 of 24 
heightened interest from investors over the last few years. All these factors 
together create several opportunities for investment in Indian healthcare 
industry, making it a significant focus area as we approach 2030. 
I would now like to share a few highlights of our financial and operating 
performance. On the financial performance of Aster for Q1 of FY24. At a 
consolidated level, our revenues delivered a strong growth rate of 21% year-
on-year, amounting to INR 3,215 crores, primarily driven by an increase in the 
number of beds through commissioning of new hospitals as well as an 
increase in the ARPOB. The strong growth across both India and GCC and  
various cost improvement initiatives enabled even higher improvement in our 
EBITDA performance which recorded a robust growth of 33% to INR 388 
crores from INR 292 crores in Q1FY23. 
Although the headline PAT performance appears weak. But if we exclude the 
impact of new hospitals and non-recurring exceptional items, the profit after 
tax grew 87% to INR 84 crores in Q1 FY24, as against INR 45 crores in Q1 FY23. 
Moving to the operational updates for the quarter.  
The Aster India business is growing even faster with revenues growing 29% to 
INR 838 crores and EBITDA increasing by 47% to INR 123 crores. Profit after 
tax for Aster India grew 115% to INR 41 crores, as compared to INR 19 crores 
in Q1 FY23. While Aster India’s growth momentum remains robust, we are 
looking at expansion across two of our existing hospitals, which are running  
at near full capacity. 
We are progressing well on our expansion of 100 beds each at Aster MIMS 
Hospital in Kannur and Aster Medcity in Kochi. Our strategic approach 
includes the development of new facilities in regions where Aster brand has 
strong presence. Our project pipeline is advancing significantly, which 
includes Aster Hospital Kasargod, where 200 beds are being built. Aster 
Capital Hospital Trivandrum, Phase-I with 350 beds, the Phase-II development 
of Aster Whitefield Hospital in Bangalore, comprising of 275 beds, which is 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 5 of 24 
nearing completion and is expected to be operational in the month of 
September 2023. 
Building on our O&M asset-light strategy that has potential to generate higher 
ROCE over a period, we are excited to announce our collaboration with PMF 
Hospital in Kollam, Kerala. Aster PMF Hospital commenced its operations in 
the month of August 2023. This step aligns with our commitment to extending 
quality healthcare services to new horizons. 
With this, we have added 530 beds under O&M asset-light model in less than 
2 years. As we forge ahead Aster PMF hospital stands as the next milestone 
embodying our unwavering dedication to healthcare excellence, taking it to 
the peripheral areas. 
Coming to our other businesses as on 30th June 2023, we have a total of 255 
Aster Pharmacy branded retail stores, 103 in Karnataka, 86 in Kerala, 61 in 
Telangana and 5 in Andhra Pradesh. Aster Labs has established its presence 
in Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and 
Telangana. 
As of 30th of June 2023, there is 1 reference lab, 14 satellite labs, 214 patient 
experience centers. These dynamic businesses not only delivered strong 
growth at 51% over the last year to INR 64 crores but also contributed 
significantly to reaching masses brand recognition and awareness. 
Additionally, we are pleased to announce that we have increased our stake in 
the profitable subsidiary, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences, MIMS, 
Calicut from 77.93% to 78.82%. MIMS manages 4 hospitals in North Kerala 
with a capacity of 1,480 beds. 
Our GCC revenues grew 18% year-on-year to INR 2,377 crores, and EBITDA 
grew 27% to INR 265 crores. In line with our capital allocation strategy for 
sustainable growth, last year, we had invested significantly in new assets, the 
focus for the current financial year will be to improve utilization of those 
assets. We are also working towards commissioning as a state-of-the-art 126 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 6 of 24 
bed Medcare Royal Specialty Hospital in Al Qusais with oncology services, 
which is badly needed in the region. We are also planning to add many of the 
tertiary and quaternary care treatment facilities in Dubai, including robotic 
surgery and transplants. 
We are proud to announce that we have managed to get permission to import 
the versatile Indian manufactured SSI Mantra robot to UAE. This is the first 
export of this robot to a foreign country. We see Saudi as a major growth 
market in GCC. Our Saudi hospital - Sanad has shown sustained margins 
where we completed the civil and interior work for annex building, which is 
expected to go operational in Q2 of FY24. The launch of Saudi pharmacies 
shall happen soon, Alisha shall speak more on Saudi plans, and the wellness 
focused Zest Pharmacy brand. 
Status of restructuring: The company has been periodically updating the 
stakeholders on ongoing restructuring process of its GCC business to help 
unlock value for the shareholders. We are happy to report that significant 
progress on the restructuring of GCC business has been made, and the 
company continues to be engaged in discussion with shortlisted bidder, 
focused on the GCC region. On the basis of requests received during the bid 
process from the bidders, for continued promoter participation in the GCC 
business, the company's promoters have expressed their interest in 
continuing to participate in the GCC business, and their intention to hold a 
stake in the buyer entity along with the shortlisted bidder. 
Given that the promoters have decades of experience and goodwill in the GCC 
region, their involvement is core to the intrinsic value of the GCC business. 
Being a complex transaction with sale and separation of a material overseas 
subsidiary, the process is taking longer than expected. The transaction 
remains subject to finalization and execution of definitive documents and 
appropriate corporate approvals, including approval from the Board and 
shareholders of the company. We continue to believe that separating the two 
businesses will maximize value for shareholders. Requisite disclosures have 
been made in compliance with the SEBI regulations at the appropriate stage. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 7 of 24 
I now request Deputy Managing Director, Alisha Moopen, to elaborate more 
on the GCC business, digital transformation and other strategic initiatives 
undertaken by Aster. Thank you very much. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you, Chairman. Good evening, everyone. The healthcare market is set 
to expand with the GCC population expected to grow to 66 million in 2027 
due to gradual increase in expat base, conducive government policies 
supporting immigration and expansion of Golden Visa coverage. Also, the 
elderly population is projected to rise to nearly 21% by 2027. In anticipation 
of this population growth, the GCC region is projected to require an additional 
over 12,000 hospital beds by 2027, with Saudi Arabia anticipated to have the 
highest demand, necessitating over 8,000 new beds to manage this patient 
needs. 
With the rise in non-communicable disease, a focus on preventative 
healthcare is emerging, leading to emergence of new opportunities in the 
sector. Advanced technology is introducing cutting-edge tools, improving 
preventative care and thereby reshaping healthcare. 
Now going into the Q1 FY24 performance highlights, as Chairman mentioned, 
benefiting from these favorable circumstances, our GCC business has 
experienced a strong revenue growth of 18% in Q1 FY24 to INR 2,377 crores. 
Excluding the COVID testing and the vaccination income, the revenue growth 
surged even higher at 22%, which highlights the strength of our business 
model and our growing potential in this geography. Our last year was really a 
year of investments during which we saw addition of 2 new hospitals, 24 
pharmacies and the 6 clinics, a feat unprecedented for us in a single year. 
We have diligently continued and enhanced these projects throughout the 
year by getting the due empanelment from the insurance companies and 
providing further specialized doctors. These investments are witnessing 
growing utilization and will help us maximize the returns over time. The 
hospital vertical witnessed increase in operational bed count, driving the 
revenue growth of 19% year-on-year growth in Q1 FY24. The retail business 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 8 of 24 
of the pharmacies demonstrated strong performance with healthy growth 
across product lines, including the expansion in the e-pharmacy and retail in-
store formats. 
The pharmacy segment experienced a growth of 24% year-on-year growth in 
revenues for Q1 FY24. Coming to the clinics business, the revenue grew by 
16% year-on-year growth in Q1 FY24. Excluding the COVID testing revenue, 
we experienced an even stronger growth of 27% in the clinic business. 
Coming to the EBITDA and the margins, the GCC business EBITDA for Q1 FY24 
grew by 27% and the GCC business EBITDA, excluding the operational losses 
from all the new hospitals and the non-recurring expenses, delivered a higher 
growth of 34%. 
At the PAT level, we have unfortunately witnessed a certain one-time 
adjustment owing to the upcoming corporate tax changes in the UAE. I will 
request our GCC CFO, Amitabh Johri, to share more details on the same. It is 
really worth re-emphasizing that despite a significant expansion in our GCC 
capacity, our occupancy rate has remained consistent at 51%. This 
accomplishment not only highlights our operational efficiency, but also 
reaffirms our capability to effectively meet the rising demand for our services. 
The financial progress in this quarter can be largely attributed to extensive 
outreach through digital initiatives. 
Now to share some of the other important business updates. As Chairman 
mentioned, we have partnered with Dubai developments to build a state-of-
the-art Medcare Royal Hospital in Al Qusais. The hospital will offer specialized 
care and it's set to commence operations by the end of this year 2023. Aster 
Pharmacy in partnership with Spinneys, which is one of the leading grocery 
stores in UAE has launched Zest Pharmacy, which is a premium wellness 
concept in the UAE, leveraging on cutting-edge diagnostic technologies, Zest 
Pharmacy offers personalized health insights and plan through its innovative 
stations. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 9 of 24 
The expansion plan includes operating and opening 25 Zest pharmacy stores 
within the next 2 years. I'm also delighted to share with you that our Saudi 
pharmacies are on track for commissioning with an anticipated start later in 
October this year. The strategic endeavor aligns seamlessly with the 
expansion plan and reinforces our commitment to delivering quality 
healthcare services. 
Additional initiatives have also yielded impressive results with unique users, 
reaching 270,000 in Q1 FY24. We've also added some key features over the 
last quarter, one of them being the InstaGP, for instant consultation and 
appointment bookings has been well-received, as we have had more than 
110,000 net installs in the UAE in Q1 FY24. 
Non-prescription orders have surged by over 35% in Q1 FY24, which is 
contributing to a 30% increase in average monthly revenue from non-Rx 
orders. 
We're 
also 
harnessing 
hyper 
personalized 
omni-channel 
communication to engage with the 2.1 million unique customers across our 
network. We've also started tele-calling for maternity and high-value 
pharmacy patients, which has proven effective and our holistic digital 
engagement strategy resulted in some of the incremental revenues that we 
have witnessed in Q1 FY24. 
In conclusion, FY '23 strategic investments have set the stage for a profitable 
growth in FY24. We are set to maximize our assets, meet the growing demand 
and continue delivering exceptional healthcare experiences through digital 
innovation. I would request now our GCC CFO, Amitabh Johri, to share more 
details on the financial performance. Thank you.  
Amitabh Johri 
Thank you, Alisha. Good evening, everyone. On a consolidated basis, our 
revenue from operations for Q1 FY24 was INR 3,215 crores, an increase of 
21% year-on-year. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 388 crores, 
as against INR 292 crores, which is a growth of 33%. EBITDA losses from new 
hospitals amounted to INR 10 crores and non-recurring restructuring costs 
amounted to INR 6 crores, in Q1 of FY24. Excluding these losses, EBITDA 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 10 of 24 
stands at INR 404 crores, as against INR 292 crores during the same period 
last financial year, which is a robust growth of 38%. 
Consolidated PAT post-NCI, is at INR 5 crores as compared to INR 69 crores in 
Q1 FY23. PAT losses from the new hospitals amounted to INR 29 crores, 
deferred tax liability of INR 44 crores in Q1 FY24, in GCC, on account of one-
time non-cash tax adjustment as new tax regime gets implemented to GCC, 
and there is one-time other income of INR 23 crores in Q1 FY23. Excluding 
these items and the restructuring costs mentioned before, adjusted PAT, 
post-NCI, stands at INR 84 crores in Q1 FY24, as against INR 45 crores in Q1 FY 
'23, a growth of 87%. 
Talking specifically on GCC performance, revenues from our GCC operations 
in Q1 FY24 was INR 2,377 crores, an increase of 18% year-on-year. COVID 
revenue in Q1 FY23 was INR 63 crores. Adjusted for this, the growth of core 
business was 22% on a year-on-year basis. EBITDA from GCC operations 
stands at INR 265 crores as against INR 208 crores in Q1 of FY23, excluding 
losses from new hospitals, non-recurring restructuring costs in GCC, EBITDA 
stands at INR 280 crores in Q1 FY24, a growth of 34%. 
The growth in EBITDA did not translate into growth in PAT in GCC, mainly due 
to non-recurring items highlighted before. Post adjustment of these non-
recurring items like the deferred tax liability on goodwill, losses from new 
hospitals, PAT post-NCI, stands at to be INR 41 crores in Q1, as against INR 26 
crores in Q1 FY23, which is again a growth of 57%. 
Coming to the segmental performance for the quarter. GCC hospital revenue 
was at INR 1,090 crores, an increase of 19% year-on-year basis and the EBITDA 
stands at INR 170 crores compared to INR 133 crores in FY23 Q1, a growth of 
28%. Excluding losses from new hospitals, the hospital segment had an 
EBITDA of INR 179 crores. The EBITDA margin adjusted for losses from new 
hospitals was 17.4%. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 11 of 24 
GCC clinics revenue stands at INR 626 crores, an increase of 16% year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA for GCC clinic segment, stands at INR 114 crores in Q1FY24, a 
growth of 25% with an EBITDA margin of 18.2%. Normalized for the COVID 
testing which was there last year, the core business of the clinic segment grew 
at a rate of 27%. GCC Pharmacies revenue increased 24% year-on-year basis 
from INR 660 crores to INR 817 crores. EBITDA increased from INR 58 crores 
to INR 76 crores, an increase of 32%. EBITDA margin for this segment in Q1 FY 
'24 was 9.4%. GCC net debt stands at USD 175 million as of 30th June 23, 
compared to USD 163 million as of 31st March 23. The capital expenses for 
FY24 Q1 were at INR 76 crores. 
Now I request Joint CFO, Mr. Sunil Kumar, to take you through the India 
performance during the period.  
Sunil Kumar M R  
Thank you, Amitabh. Good evening, everyone. For the quarter ended 30th 
June 23, India revenues have increased to INR 838 crores, up by 29%, from 
INR 651 crores in Q1 FY23. EBITDA from India operations has increased to INR 
123 crores with a margin of 14.7% compared to INR 84 crores in Q1 FY23 with 
a growth of 47%. PAT post-NCI for Q1 FY24, is at INR 41 crores, compared to 
INR 19 crores in Q1 FY23 with a growth of 115% year-on-year. 
With respect to the segmental performance, revenue from India hospitals and 
clinics, excluding O&M asset-light hospitals, stands at INR 777 crores in Q1 
FY24 with a growth of 25% year-on-year. EBITDA stands at INR 145 crores, 
with a margin of 18.6% in Q1 in FY24, as compared to INR 103 crores in Q1 
FY23, with a growth of 40% year-on-year. 
ROCE for this segment stands at 21.9% in Q1 FY24, trailing 4 per month 
compared to 13.8% in the same period last year. 
In the Q1 in FY24, matured hospitals operating for over 3 years showed strong 
performance. Revenue for these hospitals stands at INR 749 crores in Q1 FY 
24, with a growth of 24% year-on-year. EBITDA for the same period stands at 
INR 152 crores, with a margin of 20.2% compared to INR 104 crores in Q1 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 12 of 24 
FY23, with 46% growth year-on-year. ROCE for these mature hospitals 
improved to 24.3% in Q1 FY24 (TTM), compared to 14.7% in the same period 
last year. Aster India net debt stands at INR 565 crores as on 30th June 23. 
The capital expenses for the quarter is INR 119 crores. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We will be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. I now request Mr. Balachander to open the 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Mr. Sunil. Now, I would like all the participants to raise their hands, 
based on which you will be called in for your questions.  
I will repeat just in case if there is a technical issue.  Please raise your hands 
so that I can unmute you to ask your questions. 
 
I think the first question is from Ms Jaina. Please go ahead with your question. 
Jaina: 
Thank you so much for the presentation. Just three short questions from me. 
So first on Medcare Royal, that's going to commence operations. Is that at 
the end of FY23 or calendar year '23? Then on the digital initiatives in the 
GCC region, is it that non-prescription orders are making up 30% of revenue? 
Did I get that right? And lastly, it was mentioned that there were some 
restructuring costs. Was that INR 6 crores? And then the other one-off was 
on the GCC taxes. 
Dr. Azad Moopen:  
Alisha, you would like to answer that. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Sure, Thank you, Jaina. So on the Medcare Royal Hospital, we're expecting it 
to, hopefully, be operational by Q4 of FY24. So, by between December and 
February of the upcoming year.  
 On the non-prescription orders, we were just saying that there is an increase 
of 30% year-on-year. So it's not like it's contributing to 30% of the overall 
revenue for pharmacy. On the cost, the INR 6 crores, Amitabh, do you want 
to comment? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 13 of 24 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yeah Sure. I shall do that. So, Jaina, you're right, the INR 6 crores that we have 
accounted for in this quarter pertains to adviser cost, diligence cost, and legal 
costs that we have incurred till now. As a principle, we are expensing them 
since these are period costs. You had mentioned about GCC tax. Would you 
like to elaborate on your question, [Jaina]? 
Jaina: 
Just what is the loss that is coming from that? What is the one-off? I think in 
the statements, it look like about INR 50 crores or so?  
Amitabh Johri: 
Yeah, Okay. I'll try and give you an answer to that. It's INR 44 crores to be 
precise, and this is not in the nature of a loss. It's in the nature of a deferred 
tax liability provision, it's a non-cash item put below the EBITDA line, and the 
reason for that is because as the new tax regime is coming up in GCC, the 
difference between the book profit, which is coming from after the 
amortization of goodwill, and under the tax loss, where the goodwill 
amortization is not permitted.  
There is a timing difference. To accommodate that timing difference, there's 
a deferred tax liability that has been created of INR 44 crores is for all the 
acquisitions made till date, this is a one-time cost and will not be repeated. In 
fact, the full cost is being accounted for in one quarter. That is why you see 
such a significant amount sitting there. 
Jaina: 
Okay, I see. Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Jaina. The next question is from Mehul.  
Mehul Sheth: 
Hi, So first question on your restructuring part. Can you give some more 
detail, like, where the current process is like current status, any timeline for 
completion and also on what kind of valuation that you are getting from the 
bidder side. So can you provide some more detail on that front? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yes. Mehul, as you know, it's not possible for us to disclose more than -- 
whatever we have to say, we have actually wrote in the statement. I can 
repeat that. We see this going in the direction that we wanted, which is for 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 14 of 24 
restructuring. But that exact timeline and the price, it's not the time for us to 
disclose that or it's not possible, but we hope that while it took some time 
because of the complexity of this whole restructuring, we know that we had 
thought that this is going to happen earlier. But it's slightly delayed that's all. 
Mehul Sheth: 
And one question on India hospital side. So sir, how do you see the progress, 
Q1 possibly, there will be a seasonality impact, but till now Q2 onwards, how 
that makes the overall operations traction is going on? In terms of 
occupancy, ARPOB, how the things are moving up from here? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Thank you, Mehul. So India, Q1, if you saw the numbers said, year-on-year, 
we have done very well. In the occupancy also, we have closed the quarter 
with 64% occupancy. But again, that is blended with O&M asset-light 
hospitals, which got operational also in Q1. If you remove that O&M asset-
light hospitals, apple to apple comparison, you will be at 67%. That's almost a 
3-4% or 400 basis points improvement year-on-year. 
In terms of ARPOB, we've also seen that, we closed the quarter with almost 
INR 39,400 ARPOB for India. And compared to last year same time it is INR 
36,000, so almost 8% - 10% increase has happened. Now margin-wise, we 
have closed at 14.7%. And see, this is a quarter wherein you all know that 
there will be increments be happening. At the same time, there are certain 
price increase also, we have taken. Now to ensure that the bottom line 
improves, Q2 you will see further growth happening in here. 
So, this is the quarter which has always got a pressure because from 1st April, 
we'll have the cost increasing, but at the same time, price increase will trickle 
down only slowly, right? You can't take the complete price increase in one 
quarter. So keeping that in mind, I think we have given a good number. And 
in July, occupancy is doing well. So we see that Q2 was always very good in 
India. Considering the season, the medical specialties usually do very well. So 
that way, I think we'll have a very good number. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 15 of 24 
Mehul Sheth: 
The question I asked because Q2 of FY23, the occupancy level was almost 
72%. So are we on track to almost like achieving that kind of occupancy in 
this quarter, Q2? 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, We can't predict, Mehul, but occupancy numbers are quite good. In the 
month of July, we're already at 68%. So considering that we expect this 
quarter to do very well. 
Mehul Sheth: 
 And also, sir, like, just a last question on like ARPOB driver. What factors 
are basically driving your ARPOB? And what will be the sustainable ARPOB 
growth that you are expecting from here on? 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, there are multiple factors in India, Mehul, which is driving the ARPOB 
growth. One is that we have a 58% to 60% cash payer mix, considering that 
we can take the price increase and we are doing that. 
Second would be the geography where the occupancy grows. Third would be 
the case mix, right? We do a lot of high-end cases like DBS, cochlear implants, 
TAVI, a lot of transplants, liver, renal, BMT transplants. All these like 
quaternary care specialties, the procedures which we do really add to ARPOB 
growth. And if you've seen our trend year-on-year, we are adding almost 8% 
to 10% ARPOB growth, which is happening. And I think that will continue to 
do so. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Okay. And just before I fall back in the queue. So, sir, on the Aster Lab side, 
how do you see the business scaling-up like? And what will be our EBITDA 
breakeven time period from here? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So the Aster Lab India, we hope that in the next, I mean, quarter -- by end of 
next quarter, on a month-wise, we should be going into a breakeven. We are 
gone to that stage where we are seeing the profitability just starting. So this 
year, we hope that we will go into an EBITDA breakeven, not as a whole the 
year, by end of the year, definitely, we'll be going into a breakeven. 
Mehul Sheth: 
Thank you. That’s done from my side right now. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 16 of 24 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Mehul. The next question is from Amrish.  
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations again on a very good result, 
especially in India. And bear with me for nitpicking on what is otherwise a 
fantastic set of numbers. So again, the question is relating to the labs and 
pharmacy business. Is there some color you can provide on whether we are 
still pushing forward? I understand that the pharmacies and the role that 
they are playing is an ecosystem role. But the numbers of pharmacies seem 
to have are flattish. And I'm not sure whether is this deliberate, or is there 
something in the business model that we need to tweak? Is there something 
you can share on this, please? 
Dr Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So I'll start and then Dr. Nitish will join, the India CEO. So like what you 
said exactly, we are not -- we were not looking at earlier while we started off, 
we thought that it has to be large rollout across many regions. But later, as 
we mentioned, and you also mentioned now, we thought that we have to 
create an ecosystem around our hospitals. So, that doesn't require a huge 
rollout of like what we mentioned earlier of 500 pharmacies in 3 years and all. 
We think that we will be able to do that with 300 pharmacies is what we are 
now thinking. That's why that rollout has come down. And we were also 
burning some cash, whereas in the lab like what I mentioned, we hope that 
within the next 3, 4 months, we will be going into a breakeven. We have 
started just 2, 2.5 years back.  
Pharmacy, it may take a little more time. So, we are people who would like to 
be very conservative and conserve money rather than burn it for getting 
business spread out. Once we stabilize and we know that business model, we 
hope that by that time we will have a lot of our own products, which will give 
us better margins. Then, maybe the possible to have larger numbers if we 
make sure that individual stores are becoming profitable. 
So what you said is absolutely true. We are not going for a large rollout, we 
have, in fact, reduced our numbers. This year, we thought that we will 
stabilize the existing stores and go, whereas labs, it is slightly different. We 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 17 of 24 
are a bit more aggressive because we are finding -- having more labs, it's 
possible to go more profitable. So now further to this, Dr. Nitish, if you would 
like to add on from your perspective. 
Nitish Shetty: 
Yes. Thank you, Chairman. Coming to your question about the pharmacy 
going forward plan, like Chairman mentioned, we are in a state of 
consolidation. We are looking at our pharmacy completing the ecosystem for 
our patient experience. At the same time, we want to mitigate the cash burn. 
So, we have been very prudent in our approach in stabilizing the backend and 
taking a major step in increasing the top line. 
So as Chairman mentioned, we are hoping by early H1 or H2 of the next year, 
we will be able to stop the losses and will breakeven in the pharmacy. And 
further take stock of the situation in new geographies like Andhra, and the 
other area in Maharashtra, based on the how early the breakeven, we would 
like to re-strategize and look at further expansion. But at this moment of time 
our focus is in the consolidation and mitigating the cost expenses and improve 
the customer experience. That's our focus now for next 6 months. 
Amrish Kacker: 
Second question is a broader question, and I'm not sure how much you can 
share at this stage in a post-restructured scenario, whether we will lose 
some of these synergies. So for example, we have done a lot of work in the 
GCC with -- in the pharmacies with our own health wellness kind of products. 
Would we be able to bring these across to India? Aster have been in any case 
is all the technology that's been built there, will it be migrated? Is there 
anything we can share? So what sort of synergies would we lose or will we 
be able to retain most of it? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So, while after this process, these will be two separate companies, the India 
company remaining public and the GCC becoming private. It will be two 
companies. So, whatever we do will have to be on the way, keeping that in 
mind. So answering your question, yes, there are certain things that we have 
developed here, like myAster, which is the app, which is becoming very 
popular here, like Alisha mentioned. We will definitely be looking at ways in 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 18 of 24 
which how we can utilize it by way of either one-time purchases or like 
licensing, it can be utilized in India. Like that, there will be also other areas, 
medical value travel, for example, patients traveling from GCC to India, which 
is happening now, there will be patients again traveling. We are looking at 
ways in which how this can be beneficial on both sides at the arm's length 
method pricing wherever there is the possibility. 
Now there are people, doctors, nurses coming to GCC from India, so we want 
to remain on both sides as it will be Aster and as promoters, we are 
participating. We would like to get those benefits at the same time, making 
sure that both the companies are getting separately the benefit out of it. 
Amrish Kacker: 
That’s it. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Balachander R: 
The next question is from Mohit. 
Mohit: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Okay. So I had this question about last year, 
there was this note that we have recognized income of INR 23 crores for 
reversal of this contingent consideration provision. So when you're 
comparing 1Q this year versus 1Q last year, is this excluded from the 
normalized numbers? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yes, Mohit. We have excluded that. So, when we are looking at the growth 
and we are trying to a normalization, this INR 23 crores have been backed up 
from the INR 69 crores of what was the Q1 FY23 numbers. 
Mohit: 
And one more thing. So you said that the promoters will be participating in 
this GCC business after it's carved out. So is it going to be transferred? I'm 
worried about a big increase in pledge shares in the Indian listed business to 
finance promoters participating in the GCC carve out. So is that going to 
happen? How will it be financed? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
No, no, no. It's not going to happen because the structure that we are looking 
at, we have brought this money from outside India as foreign direct 
investment. So this money can be repatriated whatever comes in India when 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 19 of 24 
it is dividend out, we can bring that money back and that can be deployed 
here. So there won't be any requirement for promoter pledge and all 
happening in India. 
Mohit: 
Okay. Got it. So the bulk of the proceeds are going to be dividend out? 
Dr Azad Moopen: 
That is, the Board has to decide. Our desire is that as promoters, but the Board 
has to decide. So we have seen that as one of the sources for getting the stake 
in GCC. If it's not possible, we have other methods in GCC to raise our own 
funding. 
Mohit: 
Okay. Got it. And this is like more of a minor concern, but for the last couple 
of quarters we've been saying that we would receive binding bids in 1Q 
FY24. And we've always known that this is a complex transaction, right? So 
what happened? 
Dr Azad Moopen: 
Yes, yes. So as you mentioned, it's a very complex transaction because of 
many reasons. So, the Board wants to be 100% sure before it accepts the bid 
and sends it to the shareholders. So that whole process, the rigor which we 
have put into this because of many reasons. Because it's a transaction 
between GCC and India, outside of India, the promoters are involved. So there 
has to be, again, hundreds of checkpoints where we make sure that it is 
beyond any doubt, there is no conflict of interest. So a lot of things, a lot of 
lawyers and advisers involved, apart from our own; the resources we have. 
But the independent directors are helping us, giving us direction, as well as 
helping the Board to go in that right direction. So as you mentioned, it's a 
complex, but the good thing is that we all believe that this is going to 
significantly, I mean, sort of unlock value for the shareholders and that's why, 
we are doing this. Otherwise, there is no point in doing this. 
Mohit: 
Perfect. So we have received some sort of bid because you said you are 
evaluating them? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 20 of 24 
Dr Azad Moopen: 
Yes. So, that is beyond the scope, it will be difficult for me to now to commit. 
So, you know, there are certain restrictions, but what I can tell you is that it is 
going in the right direction, even though it's delayed, it's progressing well. 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
So Mohit, in some of these larger transactions, and you must have been 
tracking for various other companies as well. There could be a few months of 
delays if the transaction of this kind of magnitude and size is happening. Those 
things can always happen. But I think as Chairman mentioned, so far, we are 
reasonably confident of moving forward on that transaction. That's the 
limited point I would like to make for. Thank you. 
Mohit: 
Perfect Thank you. 
Balachander R: 
The next question is from Harith. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Hi, Good evening. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So there's INR 7 
crore loss from associates that I'm seeing in the P&L. It's not a big number, 
but just trying to understand which entity it's coming from? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yes, I will try to answer that question. It's a combination of entities across GCC 
and India. There are certain entities in India, especially in the IV side, where 
the business had invested, and these are the cumulative losses that are 
coming from there. This is largely that amount. There’s around Rs. 4 Crs from 
GCC and Rs. 3 Crs from India, which has resulted in this loss.  
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. That helps. On the O&M asset-light strategy, we've added, I can see 
another hospital getting added under this model, which is in Kollam. So, 
some color on this particular hospital, as well as what your experience has 
been operating hospitals under this model because we've added some 3 to 
4 over the last 12 months. And then particularly when I look at this hospital, 
it's a slightly smaller hospital, very different from the other assets that we 
have in Kerala and in general, the O&M model, we are focused on Tier 3 and 
4 locations. Again, a deviation from our Tier 1 focused high-industry care, 
quaternary care focused model. So thought process around this O&M asset-
light strategy would be helpful. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 21 of 24 
Dr Azad Moopen: 
Harith, thank you very much. So this is something which is very close to our 
heart because of many reasons. One, from the point of view of providing care 
in the areas where it is not there, where we are all mostly our assets are in 
city such as Bengaluru, Cochin and Calicut or where we would like to go to the 
interior. That's why we have gone to these places. The 4 hospitals, which we 
have started confirms to that. The size are smaller like what you said, it's more 
than our other hospitals. But this whole thing, apart from making us the 
healthcare providers, who can provide tertiary care, like an angioplasty or 
neurosurgery, in a place where it's not possible because of our connect with 
that hospital is something which is really lifesaving and being appreciated by 
the medical professionals, as well as the patients. So that is from the point of 
view of taking this to the periphery. 
From the point of view of an investment, as you know, this is a very asset-light 
model where already there is existing infrastructure. What we do is we bring 
in some equipment, and sometimes, we have to give some deposit and all. 
So, Sunil will tell further about this hospital in Kollam, which we are the latest 
one, which we have added, before that we started one in Tirupati also. So, 
the advantage is that it is very asset-light. So, while the EBITDA margins may 
be lower, and it may even dilute our overall EBITDA margin, we find an 
opportunity to have significant increase in our ROCE. So that is the whole idea. 
One, bringing care to places where it is not available. And second, to get a 
very high ROCE, while there may be some dilution on our EBITDA margins. So 
Sunil, if you can just tell him the experience of couple of these hospitals 
regarding the financials of that. 
Sunil Kumar: 
Sure, Chairman. Thanks, Harith, for the question. So, as you know, already, 
we have 3 assets live, one is Aster Mother Hospital in Areekode, with 140 
beds, that's almost 1 year back we started that. Aster Narayanadri in Tirupati, 
we started 2 quarters back, with again, 150 odd beds, and recently, this 
quarter, we started with 100 beds Aster G Madegowda Hospital in Mandya. 
Out of the 3, we’ve already broken even in Narayanadri, there is something 
which we communicated in the last quarter itself, and doing very well. It does 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 22 of 24 
more than INR 3.5 crores revenue per month, with a more than 10% EBITDA 
margin.  
Now the Kollam one, we tied up in the first of June 2023. And already we have 
gone live, in the sense, the operations already started on 1 August 2023. 
Revenue has really picked up. So, this has also been a similar range of Aster 
Narayanadri revenues. 
And in terms of the contract, as Chairman told, it is a combination of the 
Security deposit and a little bit of a CapEx. In this case, we have given around 
INR 6 crores to INR 7 crores as security deposit, and my CapEx is around INR 
2 crores to INR 3 crores, that's it, not more than that. And another good part 
of the Aster Padmavathy Medical Foundation, Kollam hospital is that there's 
no fixed revenue share at all. See, in other places, we have done fixed or 
variable, whichever is higher. In this case, there is no fixed and it's purely 
variable. 
Harith Ahamed: 
And then just one small clarification. I see in your presentation as per KLE 
hospital, you've classified it as O&M. And then, how is it different from this 
O&M asset-light set of hospitals? Are there any differences in these two 
models? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yes, Harith. Only for Aster we qualify that, only O&M means, we usually go 
with the interiors plus medical equipment or will only go with medical 
equipment. When we call O&M asset-light, not only just O&M, here we have 
an existing hospital already, we've already asked about equipment also. So 
we go only with the small deposits and just refresh the medical equipment, 
which is required. And to add wherever the specialties are lacking, trying to 
get a new doctor, a new specialty want to start, so only those CapEx we incur, 
nothing more than that. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And these hospitals like this Kollam asset, they are already 
operational hospitals. 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yes. It's the existing running hospital, we have taken it over. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 23 of 24 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And one last question. Looking at the ARPOB profile of mature 
hospitals in India, it's around 40,000 that we have for this quarter. So how 
should we think of this number going forward in terms of further expansion 
from here? We've seen a lot of peers reporting double-digit ARPOB growth 
in recent years. But for us, how should we think about ARPOB growth, 
particularly for this mature hospital cohort. 
Sunil Kumar: 
So Harith, if you see the historical numbers, right, we were able to 
comfortably grow around 8% to 10% ARPOB year-on-year. And considering 
that, our cash business is still 58% to 60% of our total revenue that comes 
from cash patients, that is at least the place where we have the capacity to 
do the price increase, right? So keeping that, yes, we have that leverage 
available, at least, I'm not giving a long term, but this in a short term, yes, that 
percentage growth can really happen in the ARPOB. 
And also in case of balance, also, we have got 20% to 30% of TPA. We don't 
do a lot of schemes. If you do a lot of schemes for state government patients, 
right, usually, you don't have the control over the increase in the pricing. But 
at the same time, TPA also, you enter into a multiyear agreement. So you 
really don't have a year-on-year comfortable. But every 2 years or 3 years, 
you can see a jump in the ARPOB. So that's a broad, I think, guideline we can 
give you. 
Harith Ahmad 
Thank you for taking my questions. 
Balachander R:  
Thank you Harith. If there is anybody who wants to ask any question, please 
raise your hand 
Balachander R: 
Since there are no more questions, we'll close the call with that. Thank you all 
for attending. And if there are any further questions, please do get in touch 
with us outside this call. Thank you. Thank you all. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you, all. Happy Independence Day in advance.  
<End> 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY24 Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 24 of 24 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
