 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd Office: A 18, First Floor, FIEE Complex, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase II, New Delhi - 110020 (India).  T +91 11 41610660 F+91 11 41610659 
GE T&D India Limited
L31102DL1957PLC193993 
 
T-5 & T-6 , Plot I-14, Axis House,  
Jaypee Wishtown, sector-128,  
Noida-201304, Uttar Pradesh 
 
T +91 120 5021500 
F +91 120 5021501 
 
https://www.ge.com/in/ge-td-india-limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
The Secretary  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI 400 001 
The Manager 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI  400 051
Code No. 522275 
Symbol: GET&D 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript - GE T&D India Limited Earnings Call for Investors held on May 25, 2023 
 
Please find enclosed a copy of the Transcript of earnings conference call with analysts/ institutional 
investors held on May 25, 2023 in respect of financial results for the financial year ended on March 31, 
2023 (Audited) and for the quarter ended on that date. 
 
 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For GE T&D India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Anupriya Garg 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
ANUPRIYA 
GARG
Digitally signed by 
ANUPRIYA GARG 
Date: 2023.05.31 16:42:08 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“GE T&D India Limited Q4 & FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANDEEP ZANZARIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER 
MR. ABHISHEK SRIVASTAVA – HEAD, BUSINESS OPERATIONS 
MR. ANSHUL MADAAN – COMMUNICATION LEADER 
MS. ANUPRIYA GARG – COMPANY SECRETARY 
MS. TANVI GUPTA – SENIOR FINANCE MANAGER 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the GE T&D India Limited Q4 FY23 earnings 
conference call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Tanvi Gupta from GE T&D. Thank you and over to you. 
Tanvi Gupta: 
Good afternoon everyone. We welcome you to the GE T&D India Limited Earnings Call for the 
4th Quarter and Financial Year-Ending 31st March 2023. 
I am Tanvi Gupta from the GE T&D Investor Relationship Team. We are delighted to have you 
all on this call. During the call, we will discuss the company's financial performance including 
operational highlights. We will share the key updates and address the questions you may have. 
Before we begin, I would like to highlight an important note for today's call: 
Firstly, as you are aware, we have recently declared the results for the 4th Quarter of the 
Financial Year Ended 31st March 2023. The said results are available on our website. Further, 
we have also prepared an earning presentation for the quarter which would be under discussion 
during this call. The said presentation has been mailed to you. . Also, I would like to take a 
moment to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain a few forward-looking 
statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on our current 
expectations, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. We 
encourage you to refer to our public filings and disclosures for a comprehensive understanding 
of the practice that could impact the future performance. 
With this, now let me introduce the GE T&D India Management Team available on this Call. 
Firstly, with immense pleasure, I would like to welcome Mr. Sandeep Zanzaria as the new 
Managing Director and CEO of GE T&D India Limited in today's call. Sandeep brings with him 
over 3 decades of experience in the power sector. He joined GE in 2017 as the regional 
commercial leader for GE Renewable Energy’s Grid Solutions, South Asia where he was 
responsible for commercial strategy and order intake for the region. Prior to joining GE, he had 
various roles in commissioning, project management, engineering as well as commercial and 
business leadership at BHEL, Areva T&D, Alstom T&D, and Schneider Electric. His 
exceptional leadership and expertise will undoubtedly steer the company towards continued 
growth and success. Besides Sandeep, we have also been joined by Mr. Sushil Kumar – CFO of 
the company; Mr. Abhishek Srivastava – Head, Business Operations; Mr. Anshul Madaan – 
Communications Leader; and Ms. Anupriya Garg – Company Secretary of GE T&D India 
Limited. 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
We have a dedicated question & answer round towards the end of the presentation where you 
can ask your questions and seek clarification on any topic of interest. 
Thank you once again for joining us today. Now I will hand over the call to Sandeep for his 
opening remarks. Over to you, Sandeep. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Thanks to everyone for joining us today. We hope you and your families are healthy and safe. 
We are currently witnessing a positive trend in India's grid electrification market supported by 
the Government of India's emphasis on expanding electricity access and promoting renewable 
energy. This commitment has propelled the country's electrification efforts, driving significant 
advancements in this sector There is a rising emphasis on clean energy and a collective 
determination to achieve the renewable energy target set by the Government of India, which is 
fueling investments and technological advancements.. Furthermore, a growing focus can be seen 
on integration of smart grid technologies, digital systems, data analytics, and advanced 
monitoring capabilities which will ultimately improve grid infrastructure management 
enhancing reliability, efficiency, and overall quality of power. 
Our company's expertise in innovative technologies and service is aligned perfectly with these 
evolving needs of the India's grid electrification sector. As a result, we have been receiving 
orders from prominent transmission players in both the public and private sector. This is evident 
from our order growth which has increased by 58% year on year in the 4th Quarter of Financial 
Year '22-23 and overall, by 26% annually compared to the previous fiscal year. In terms of 
financial performance, we have achieved improvement in operating profit both in the 4th Quarter 
and in the fiscal year. This improvement reflects our unwavering commitment to delivering 
values to our customers and shareholders. By operating leaner and more efficient businesses, we 
are continuously driving cost optimization and improvement in execution. Furthermore, we are 
pleased to report a significant reduction of our debt during the 4th Quarter of FY '22-23 
strengthening our financial position and increasing stability. Our CFO, Sushil, will provide a 
detailed analysis on these financial numbers later in the call. 
On the operational front, in the last financial year, we have commissioned a number of air-
insulated and gas-insulated substations along with supplying critical equipment like the 765 kV 
transformer reactors for various substation projects for public and private utilities. These 
initiatives contribute significantly to the reinforcement of the Indian transmission infrastructure 
and meet the growing energy demands. Moreover, we have taken the lead in deploying 
automation technology, not only for India but also for neighboring countries. Our state-of-the-
art automation and digital grid solutions have been widely adopted by utilities enhancing 
substations and control centers across the region. Notably, we have secured a significant contract 
for upgrade and automation of 39 substations in Nepal including the establishment of 6 master 
control centers and the replacement of existing control and relay equipments. This project 
showcases our expertise and dedication to improve the grid efficiency and the reliability. 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Additionally, I am proud to highlight our recent participation in ELECRAMA hosted by IEEMA 
(Indian Electrical and Electronics Manufacturers' Association) where we had the opportunity to 
showcase our latest technologies in grid automation, sustainable grid solutions, high-voltage 
equipment, and digital substations. The positive response and feedback received from the 
industry experts and stakeholders further validate our position in the industry. 
In conclusion, I would like to express our gratitude for your continued support and confidence 
in our company. This achievement we have witnessed during the financial year '22-23 
demonstrates our dedication and strategic focus and we maintain unwavering determination to 
enhance our performance in the upcoming year. 
Now, I hand it over to Abhishek for sharing the operational performance. 
Abhishek Srivastava: 
I will just take you all through some of the key operational highlights of commissionings that 
we have done in the past quarter. 
Our pursuit for serving our customers with uninterrupted supplies and making and strengthening 
their network stronger, we delivered a few very critical substations for our customers. One of 
them was our 66 kV gas-insulated substation for the city of Delhi for Tata Power Delhi 
Distribution Limited. This was one of the critical supplies, and based on the expectation of the 
customer, we were able to commission it almost ahead of schedule on 31st of March as per the 
expectation. Equally focused approach even in the neighboring countries. In Bhutan, we were 
able to, based on the stress timelines commissioned 220 kV gas-insulated substation which is 
their first and has a very crucial role in terms of improving the stability of power for the Bhutan 
capital. Similarly, again, one of the critical substations for Delhi Transco, which was a 66 kV 
GIS substation at Gopalpur was commissioned on 31st of March. And then adding to the 
capacity in terms of commissioning of transformers and reactors, we served and helped our 
customers like Sterlite, Bhutan, Adani, and JP wherein almost close to 1,200 MVA of capacity 
was added. In addition to that, we had delivered the SCADA system for Odisha utility which is 
Tata Power South Odisha Distribution Limited wherein our project is helping them monitor close 
to 100 distribution substations and similarly additionally we are working for the other two 
utilities which is for the central Odisha and western Odisha. 
I hand over to Sushil to take us forward through the financial. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Good afternoon everyone. In terms of financial performance, talking about our orders 
performance, in the Quarter 4 of the Financial Year, we achieved Rs. 8,706 million of orders 
which is 58% higher than the 4th quarter order booking in the last financial year. Overall, for 
the entire Financial Year '22-23, we booked orders of Rs. 27,359 million representing a 26% 
growth over the order booking in the last financial year. 
Slide 7 of the earnings call presentation related to orders : 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Key orders that were gained in the quarter four of the financial year mainly included upgradation 
and automation of 39 substations in Nepal located across 6 distant locations by Nepal Electricity 
Authority; order from a large private transmission company for supply of 765 kV 110 MVAR 
reactor for substation in Narendra & Pune; an order from Power Grid Corporation of India for 
supply of 765 kV reactor for their project in Narela; centralized remote protection substation 
automation system order from various private transmission companies like KEC, Techno, and 
Kalpataru; and 220 kV order gas-insulated substation from Shree Electrical and Cairn India. 
Slide 8 of the earnings call presentation related P&L performance: 
During the Quarter 4, we achieved a revenue of Rs. 7,031 million representing a 6.2% growth 
versus the Quarter 4 in the last financial year. However, there was a significant improvement in 
terms of operational execution and our EBITDA improved from a loss of Rs. 1,356 million in 
the last year to Rs. 316 million positive EBITDA in the current financial year Quarter 4 and this 
EBITDA represented about 4.5% of revenue. There was a corresponding improvement in the 
profit before tax and exceptional item as well. Overall, for the entire financial year, the revenues 
were at Rs. 27,732 million. This represented a 9.5% reduction versus the earlier financial year. 
However, again, a significant improvement in terms of EBITDA performance where we 
achieved about 4.9% EBITDA for the entire financial year at around Rs. 1,355 million. 
On slide 9 of the earnings call presentation, we have given details of the breakup of orders, 
revenue, and backlog. During the entire financial year, our order booking, as I mentioned, was 
Rs. 27,359 million. Of this, 35% of orders were from the export market and 65% orders were 
from the domestic market. Out of the total revenue of Rs. 27,732 million, about 30% of revenue 
came from the export market and 70% revenue from the domestic market. 
End of the financial year, we had a backlog of around Rs. 37,000 million of which 70% were 
from the private customers, 14% from State utilities, and 16% from Central utilities & PSU. 
Now we will open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi, Sandeeep. Congratulations on your elevation as CEO & MD. My first question is on 
assuming this leadership role, what will be your top 2-3 priorities given the background that we 
had a very strong order inflows and order backlog for the period FY17, '19, and after that 
everything has been on a downhill. Though we have revived our profitability and there has also 
been a pickup in ordering, just wanted your sense over the next couple of years or 2-3 years 
given the strong demand, changing energy theme, and renewables, what will be your top 2-3 
priorities in terms of growth and profitability? 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Top 2-3 priorities would be, again, whatever we have achieved in the last 1 year in terms of 
improvement in margin and also reduction of net debt, one thing would be continuing this effort 
and then improving this to come to a level which is more sustainable and also I would put it in 
a way that it is not like a sinusoidal wave but we have more consistent results. That would be 
one thing. Second would be the growth in the orders. Yes, we need to continue that momentum 
as well including as you said that we have good opportunities which are there because of the 
renewable and the government's target of achieving the net zero. Apart from that, I think also 
there is a huge opportunity of digitization which is also going to be playing a key role and 
introducing not a lot of but a few technologies which are available globally but also at least 
initially to start with to position ourselves in the market as a technology differentiator and then 
build upon that. 
I would put this apart from the key 2 things. One would be maintaining the EHS which is like 
one of the most important things for us. And then second, also to keep on working for the talent 
upgradation and also for the upskilling of the people because the way technology is changing, 
we will also need to keep on changing much faster as the market expectation is also growing 
faster and faster. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My second question is on the scale of revenue currently at Rs. 700 crores that we have been 
averaging the last 3 quarters at Rs. 700 crores which is kind of a breakeven if I look at the PBT 
level. If the profitability has to be improved and the gross margins at around 30%, we need to 
ramp up this to almost Rs. 1,000 crores to really have some meaningful profits. Given that our 
order book has been gradually ramping up and it's at about Rs. 870 crores of inflow this quarter, 
when do you think this journey would be growing from hereon, can we reach that number of Rs. 
1,000 crores kind of a quarterly inflow or revenue? 
Sushil Kumar: 
As you rightly mentioned, the order booking in the last couple of quarters has picked up. We 
achieved , in the last 6 months, close to an average of Rs. 8,000 million of order booking and 
our endeavor is to grow it further and also you would notice that one of the endeavors as we 
earlier highlighted was to be selective and win more profitable orders as well as to grow volume 
from the export segment. As this momentum continues, there is also an intent to increase the 
order booking further continuing with the theme of better profitability and mix. Reaching a 
revenue or Rs. 1,000 crores can take a bit of time because we don't just want to achieve a revenue 
which does not actually result in a profitability in the P&L, but endeavor is to definitely keep 
growing from hereon. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sushil, if you can give some more clarity like are we present in segments like railways, 
industrials, and…. Utilities is a large segment, but within that like railways and transport, 
industrial segments, or in terms of product portfolio, what kind of opportunity do we have at 
play at railways like Vande Bharat kind of opportunities in the transportation segment? Do we 
have the product line like traction transformers there? How do we play that segment? 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Parikshit, we are not present in the transportation segment but we are definitely present in the 
industrial segment. For example, a few of the orders what we have taken are from refineries, 
also from data centers. So, in the industrial segment, we are present but not in the transportation. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Lastly, we did support some of the players like Kalpataru when they bid for utilities like Power 
Grid and all. They have received very strong orders this year in the domestic T&D space, but I 
don't think that is getting still reflected in our numbers though we may have given some bids so 
is there outside of already announced order book. Is there any significant large L1 which is 
sitting out and yet to be concluded? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, presently we are not having any large L1 positions where the orders are yet to be concluded 
on us. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Just on the Leh, Ladakh. There were some players who have win the bid who are doing the 
feasibility study. Are we going to bid for that HVDC line? Are we doing some studies there? 
How do we intend to tackle that or participate in that program? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
In around the next 2 to 3 years, as per the Government of India, we have approximately 4 projects 
which are going to come up. Bhadla-Fatehpur which is NCC which is exactly similar to what 
Champa-Kurukshetra is, then Leh Ladakh which is a VSC project, and then we have Khavda -
Akola and Barmer-Jabalpur. We are closely monitoring the situation because all the projects will 
be getting executed practically in similar timelines. We would be targeting on specific 
opportunities and then we would be bidding and then winning those opportunities rather than 
spreading ourselves thin on everything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
My first question is on the back of the previous question on the HVDC market side. What we 
understand from a recent communication that came from Power Grid as well is that one of those 
lines is actually being rethought. I think the Khavda line is actually being rethought and may fall 
out of the HVDC basket. Do you see that in any manner hitting the overall addressable market 
for you? Because, it might still remain high voltage but is not on the DC side. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
But in the last transmission committee minutes, what I have seen is Khavda -Akola project has 
been cleared by the transmission committee and of course we are also discussing that project 
with the CEA. At least, I am expecting that not to drop off because eventually when Khavda 
becomes a 30-gigawatt project, the evacuation of power will be very critical. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
If I have to look at the Leh Ladakh line, what we understand is there are some projects that have 
been going on there but maybe GE T&D is not part of it. Are there any product gaps because of 
which we are not part of the Leh Ladakh site maybe something of that sort? 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
That's a business strategy. As Sushil said, that is a part of the selectivity. There are certain 
projects which we target and certain projects which because…. We do a risk analysis and then 
we decide whether to participate or not to participate. I think probably you would have seen that 
globally GE Grid Solutions have won a number of projects totalling to about 10 billion in 
Europe. VSC technology is not a challenge for us, but then we look at the overall risk perception 
of the project and then take a decision. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Secondly, with regard to the high-voltage CAM out there while the HVDC part of CAM is quite 
visible. Ex of HVDC, how would you look at the addressable market, let's say, over the next 2 
to 3 years and what could be your target market share there? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I would say that the target market remains but TBCB remains the large part of the market and 
yes, definitely at certain places it would be a product target and at certain places it would be a 
project target depending upon the channel to the market. That's where we take the decision. 
Eventually, in TBCB, it depends who wins the bid and then we decide whether to go on the 
project route or on the product route along with the collaboration of the EPC player. That is 
basically a constantly moving strategy which keeps on changing depending upon the winner of 
the TBCB bid. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
What I was trying to shoot for is I think we are all aware that of the overall Rs. 2,40,000 crores 
kind of CapEx number in transmission which CEA talks about, I was just trying to get a sense 
of within that Rs. 2,40,000 crores if one has to look at the addressable market for you, how would 
you look at that market panning out let's say on an annual basis and any estimated market share 
on that? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Out of that Rs. 40,000 crores, probably what I would look at that market relevant to us would be 
less than Rs. 20,000 crores. I think it will be in the range of close to about Rs. 15,000 crores 
because when CEA talks about Rs. 40,000 crores, that will include transmission lines and other 
aspects of the project as well. So, for us, the addressable market out of that Rs. 40,000 crores 
will be slightly lesser than Rs. 15,000 crores. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
This is overall Rs. 15,000 crores spread over a period of maybe 4-5 years? Did I understand that 
correctly? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, what basically I am saying is out of the Rs. 40,000 crores what you were saying, but close 
to about our assessment what we do from the total market addressable, of course, is close to 
about $3 billion which is close to about Rs. 25,000 crores annually. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
So, Rs. 25,000 crores annually is the number that we are looking at? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, my first question is do we have the capability to take up more than 1 HVDC project at a time 
and how much localization we have done in this country or HVDC? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
This will also depend upon what is the time frame which the HVDC project execution is being 
demanded for. I am just giving an example that if suppose there are two projects which I have 
to run like a 36 or a 41 schedule, maybe two projects might not be possible. But if the timelines 
are extended, then there might be a possibility to do that. If I really look at the localization part, 
GE T&D was the first one in the country to have supplied an 800 kV HVDC transformer. 
Transformers are manufactured at our Vadodara plant. Also if you really look at the other aspects 
of it, there are certain components, of course, which are based like for example it might be a 
wall cooling system and to some extent, certain technology upgradation, etc., which come from 
outside, but otherwise, if I have to put in a ballpark number, it would be close to maybe about 
40% to 50% depending upon the composition of the project and how much of it is localized. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, my second question is, of course, we are in the energy transition and anyways it will become 
higher and higher in the proportion in the grid. But do you think there is a gap in any of the 
product portfolio? Do you think we need to bring some of these products from maybe Europe to 
India to meet the demand in the Indian market and these products which may not be localized 
and you would like to localize? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Mohit, just to update, I think that almost everything manufactured in Europe for GE Grid 
Solutions, with the exception of 1 or 2 products, where the global requirement is so small that it 
needs a justification to have only 1 or 2 factories worldwide, is now manufactured by GE T&D 
in India. For example, if we consider transformers, instruments, GIS, control/relay panels, relays, 
circuit breakers, and gas-insulated switchgear, everything that is manufactured globally is 
produced in India. From a footprint point of view, we are close to manufacturing more than 95% 
of the total footprint in India. However, there are certain products, like G-cube, for which we 
currently have more demand in Europe. We are in discussions with many customers to promote 
G-cube and increase its acceptability. Once the acceptability of that product begins, we can 
establish a full-fledged factory without requiring any major investment. It would involve adding 
a product line rather than significant financial resources. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My third question is what kind of products you have in the industrial segment, especially on the 
refineries and data centers or something if you can just elaborate? Is it primarily related to 
electrification or there is something else? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
It is primarily related to transmission side only, for example, we have transformers, we have 
circuit breakers and control/relay panels and GIS; normal products which are used in a 
substation. Data centers or refineries for example, use highly power-intensive applications. 
Normally, for high power intensive applications, the connections would be either 220 kV or 400 
kV and there they would be requiring a lot of transmission products as an input to the industry. 
That is where is our play is. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Mohit Kumar: 
The last question is how is the market outside India? In the sense, how is South Asia market 
looking like? And do we have an opportunity to participate in those markets? And a related 
question is, is there any export which can happen from the Indian market in the near future? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
If you really look at our order portfolio, I think constantly if I am not mistaken, our order 
portfolio consists of about 30% or slightly more than 30% as the order composition which comes 
from the export market. In the smaller countries, the traction of renewable has just started and  
consistently, those countries are also investing in terms of upgrading their transmission 
infrastructure. That's a stable market or I would say a slightly growing market which is there and 
of course our endeavor is to get the Indian factories qualified for more and more export 
geographies. That's a constant effort which we keep on doing in most of the geographies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Rishi, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Raj Rishi: 
For the HVDC projects, I believe you have competition from Hitachi, Siemens, etc. How do you 
place yourself in terms of the offerings versus your competitors? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Raj, if I compare ourselves, for example, in the market today, at least in the Indian market, I 
would rate ourselves as in the number of installed base, we are the second largest player in the 
country. As far as the offerings are concerned, our offering is as good as any of our competitors' 
offerings whether it is Hitachi or whether it is Siemens. 
Raj Rishi: 
A lot of restructuring is happening at your parent level. How will that affect this particular 
company? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
The restructuring which is happening is basically that if you would have seen GE globally, 
earlier we were a conglomerate of 3 businesses which were healthcare, aviation, and the power 
business. Ultimately what's happening from 1st January '23 is healthcare has become a separate 
company, standalone on its own. It is expected by the end of this year, aviation and the power 
portfolio which is called GE Vernova will be again standalone companies. But apart from that, 
we don't expect anything because our portfolio and our technologies and everything remain in 
the same basket. 
Raj Rishi: 
There was some talk about GE moving away from fossil fuel, etc. In your company, there is no 
reason for the parent to change hands, right? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
No, GE T&D India Limited is purely on the grid side. We have no role to play in fossil fuel 
technologies and things like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Sir, the first question is just coming back to the Leh project. Typically, the HVDC projects for 
us having a good margin business and the project in Leh that's coming of it also an RTM one 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
wherein the developer that's building in can easily make cost escalations over there unlike let's 
say Bhadla-Fatehpur that's coming in, that would be on a TBCB basis. You did highlight on the 
risk part that you saw and you decided to participate. If you could just elaborate a bit more on 
that, that would be helpful. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
Aniket, thanks for the question, but if you really look at even the normal transmission projects 
which come on TBCB route, in these also, for example, there are standard transformers, reactors, 
and other products as well where you have the risk of price escalations and things like that. So, 
mostly the developers who are participating in these projects, they know how to manage these 
risks. I will leave it to the developers how do they manage those risks, but I don't see any 
challenge in participating in a TBCB project for HVDC from an OEM perspective. 
Aniket Mittal: 
But given that this is not even I could assume and like I said, typically we bid good margins in 
this business. Some of that benefit also trickles down into operating leverage. Just wanted to get 
a bit more clarity on what made us opt out over here. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
As I said that the tenders have not yet come in, so we have not said that we have opted out. We 
have just said that as of today, we have not participated in the field study because the field study 
will require the specifications to be formed, etc., but we always have a right because once the 
tenders come out, then we can always participate in those tenders because those tenders based 
on the qualification requirement, we do quality. So, I have not said at any point of time that we 
are not going to participate in Leh Ladakh. 
Aniket Mittal: 
The second question was on the gross margin front. If I look at the gross margins this quarter, 
they have come down sequentially a bit. Just if you could highlight a bit on that. And from let's 
say FY24 perspective, what is the steady state gross margins that we can build up? 
Sushil Kumar: 
You are right. Q4 gross margin was around 26.5% and this was impacted by 2-3 factors. First 
was inflation on the electronic part, mainly semiconductor that we use for one of our businesses. 
And in a couple of projects, some customers have applied liquidity damages We intend to contest 
these liquidity damages with the customers. However, in a conservative approach, we have made 
a reserve or charge in the P&L for the quarter. And the third is the mix of projects that were 
traded in this quarter. As you are aware that last year, we took commodity price inflation impact 
on many of our projects and some of these projects have become now low margins and are 
getting traded in the current period. Overall if I put these 3 factors, there was an impact of around 
Rs. 250 million. However, if you look at the full year number, full year number we achieved 
was around 29% of gross margin significantly improving from 22.6% in the earlier financial 
year. 
On the question on the next financial year, I will not give a guidance but we will say that our 
endeavor is always to improve the margins from hereon considering all the efforts whether it is 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
from mix of projects or better pricing and efficiency or productivity; we will take endeavor to 
improve it further. 
Aniket Mittal: 
If I adjust for the 250 million, I think roughly that is 30% gross margin mark for this quarter as 
well. 
Sushil Kumar: 
Yes, but I will request that let's look at the entire year and I will not call this out as exceptional 
because these are the business-related expenses. Technically if you would like to adjust for a 
comparison, fine, but overall 29% for the financial year which we will endeavor to improve. 
Aniket Mittal: 
The other question was just to understand on the addressable market. I think you did mention 
that it stands at close to Rs. 25,000 crores for us for this year. What was it, let's say, last year 
versus this year and how do you see it growing, let's say, over the next 2 years? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
I think the next year probably one of the factors what could be there is that in the last quarter, 
we will be seeing the general elections also happening. Probably, we will have to see that where 
do we land in terms of the next year market scenario because like the last quarter had a lot of 
projects which got divided between January to March. I think apart from that, but looking into 
the growth story of India in terms of renewable and in terms of requirement of transmission, we 
are pretty confident that the market is going to grow maybe at a pace close to about 7% to 10% 
every year, excluding HVDC. 
Moderator: 
The next followup question is from the line of Subhadip Mitra from Nuvama Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Subhadip Mitra: 
Like you gave us a sense on the gross margin part, I just wanted to get a sense that if I am to 
look at, let's say, the next 2- to 3-year scenario, on a normalized basis, is there any target range 
of, let's say, EBITDA margins that you would be shooting for? 
Sushil Kumar: 
Subhadip, we don't give forward-looking guidance on a specific number target in these investor 
calls. And Sandeep talked about endeavor for increasing the orders; I talked about endeavor for 
increasing the gross margins and further improvement in the cost structures. These are the 
measures that will take to improve the profitability. But I will refrain from giving a number 
target. 
Moderator: 
The next followup question is from the line of Aniket Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Sir, I just had one question. You mentioned that apart from the utility side, you are also working 
on data centers and refinery. How large would that be, let's say, of your order book and revenue 
ex- utilities business? 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
GE T&D India Limited 
May 25, 2023
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
The order intake in the data center market is not a very large part of our order book as of today. 
We have a few orders of GIS and automation which we have taken. 
Aniket Mittal: 
And the same would be for refinery as well. 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
In the refineries sector, we have experienced substantial order intake, in years prior to the 
previous year. This is largely dependent on the investments made by refineries, particularly when 
there was a government directive for BS6 compliance, leading to expansion projects. During 
that time, we secured a significant portion of the market. Additionally, last year, we received a 
large order from Reliance Industries. So, our success in the oil & gas market depends on the 
market opportunities available, and we have achieved positive outcomes in the past. 
Aniket Mittal: 
How much would that be of your current order book these two segments? 
Sandeep Zanzaria: 
It would be close to maybe about 7% to 8% of the overall order intake what we have. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Tanvi Gupta for 
closing comments. 
Tanvi Gupta: 
Thank you all for participating in the GE T&D India Limited Earnings Call. We hope the insights 
provided by our speakers have been informative and valuable to you. We value the trust and 
support of our investors and analysts and we remain committed to bringing transparent 
communications and fostering strong relationship. If you have any further questions or require 
any additional information, please do not hesitate to reach out to me or communications leader, 
Anshul Madaan, at the mail ids available at our company's website. I once again thank you for 
your participation in today's call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of GE T&D India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect. Thank you. 
