Registered & Corporate Office 
Redington Limited 
(Formerly Redington (India) Limited) 
Block3, Plathin, Redington Tower, Inner Ring 
Road, Saraswathy Nagar West, 4th Street, 
Puzhuthivakkam, Chennai -600091 
Email: investors@redington.co.in 
CIN: L52599TN1961PLC028758 
www. redingtongroup.com 
Ph: 044 28460390 
 
 
 
 
 May 24, 2023 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
 
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
 
 Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub: Q4 - FY 2023 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
This is further to our letter dated May 8, 2023, intimating the details of Investor/Analyst call 
on the audited financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023, held on May 
17, 2023.  No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the meeting/ 
call. 
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference. The same is available 
in Company’s website: https://redingtongroup.com/financial-reports/. 
 
 
We request you to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
For Redington Limited 
 
 
 
M Muthukumarasamy  
Company Secretary   
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
MUTHUKUM
ARASAMY 
MUTHUKRISH
NAN
Digitally signed by 
MUTHUKUMARASA
MY 
MUTHUKRISHNAN 
Date: 2023.05.24 
16:48:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Redington Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 17th May 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV SRIVASTAVA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
REDINGTON LIMITED 
 
MR. S.V. KRISHNAN – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – REDINGTON LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Redington Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajiv Srivastava, Managing Director, Redington Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Thank you so much, and I'm very happy that all of you could join us this morning. Along with 
me on the call is our Global Chief Financial Officer, Mr. S.V. Krishnan, and we have got 
Deepika, who is our Lead Analyst and Lead Investor Relations Manager for the country. I'm 
going to give you a bit of colour on what happened in this quarter and the year and also a bit of 
a commentary on how we are seeing the industry shape up and what is Redington doing to 
maximize the opportunities in the market. 
We are very pleased to report another strong quarter of sales and operating margin growth. At 
INR21,893 crores, our overall global revenues for Q4 have been the highest ever. And for any 
quarter, growing by a strong 26% Y-o-Y. And at INR590 crores, we have registered the highest 
ever Q4 operating profit, with a 15% growth. Our PAT, obviously, is down 11%, and we will 
talk about that as well. 
For the full year, our FY '23 revenue is INR79,500 plus crores, which is a growth of 27% year-
on-year and an operating profit of INR2,261 crores, which is -- this is the highest ever revenue 
and operating profit, both in absolute number terms as well as in terms of growth for revenue 
and operating profit on a year-on-year basis. Supported by solid execution across businesses and 
geographies, Redington continues to gain share and secure new opportunities in the markets that 
we compete in. 
We achieved record revenue and operating margins for the fourth quarter of the year as our 
continued investment in improving our technology capabilities, building deeper partner 
relationships, making our breadth of offerings more comprehensive than ever before and 
bringing in innovations in our business model, begin to pay off. This is the highest sale quarter 
for revenue and second highest level of operating margin, like I said earlier, first time ever in 
our history where we've had four consecutive quarters of 25% growth every quarter. 
And just as an additional information, this has been the highest ever full year growth since the 
company started. When you compare this with what's going on in the market, you can really see 
the magnitude of what we have delivered right now. Redington's digital transformation has been 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
one of the key growth catalysts, as we transition from the role of a traditional distributor and 
aggregator, towards becoming a more holistic technology solutions provider. 
Currently, we are addressing the market demand for consumer devices and smartphones, for 
hybrid work and learn environment, as the world moves between work from home to work from 
office and learn from home to learn from school and colleges, from your institution. We address 
the requirements of all of that. We address the requirements of SMB and enterprise technology 
solutions, including cloud infrastructure for server, storage, networking and security. 
We are also responding to the emerging technology requirements, which are fuelled by a 
growing adoption of 5G, Internet of Things, EDGE computing and generative AI. While tech 
distribution has been a core value proposition. We have focused on building competencies and 
capabilities, to provide managed services for private and public cloud for security and for IT 
audit. Our initiative to ensure we are able to add more value -- provide more value to the 
customers we serve, thereby gaining share and accelerating our growth momentum. 
As you will see from our results that our delivery has been really broad-based. It has been broad-
based across all the operating regions that we have, all the operating businesses have contributed 
to the growth. Theatres like India, Middle East and Africa, Turkey and South Asia, all of them 
have been pretty robust. Just so you know, while I call out all the IT product, we had a very 
robust growth in our solar business as well, which is becoming even more important as the world 
turns towards more green and more sustainable energy. 
And you will see our investments and you will see our engagement initiatives, getting far more 
aggressive in the space of renewable and sustainable energy. Business dynamics for the -- during 
the quarter has been mixed. We know that tech demand related to work from home and learn 
from home has in fact subdued. In fact, demand from home has degrown. And I'm sure you 
would have followed the IDC results for the global PC industry, and that industry in Q1, which 
is JFM, which is Redington's Q4, has declined by 29%. 
Smartphone shipments globally have declined by about 15% Y-o-Y. And in fact, if you map the 
PC industry and the smartphone industry, you see a trend which is the size of the industry today 
is pretty much what it was in 2014. So I think that's something which really we need to be 
navigating. But however, because we are a broad-based company, the demand has been very 
robust for data centre infrastructure products; servers, storage, networking, software and 
security; and for cloud products too. So the phenomena of back to office, datacentre 
procurement, migration of applications to cloud have been the catalyst for our growth. 
And hence, our improved engagement with enterprises, with mid-market, with SMB customers, 
and the partners who serve these customers have more than made up. And hence, we have grown 
our enterprise product category by more than 38%. We have grown cloud business by more than 
61% in Q4. The same numbers for full year enterprise, full year 34% growth, cloud full year of 
52% growth. So I think those are very, very strong, and I'm glad we made a third shift towards 
serving and managing more value-oriented customers. 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
These are very strong numbers indeed, and each one of them new technologies are the ones 
which are meeting the growth for us. Our geography -- just to give you a bit of colour on the 
economic situation in the geographies we operate in, our geos are largely consumption and 
investment driven. Most of the GDPs for the countries we operate in, continue to show a positive 
growth trend, although the guidance for growth has been muted, just like in the rest of the world. 
So clearly, there is a negative to a stable business climate that operates in the environments in -
- geographies we are there. 
Governments continue to be very major spenders, because it's largely investment and 
consumption driven economy. But let me also give you a bit of a readout on the financial 
situation across the world, which we see as continue to be driving caution volatile, and there are 
always headwinds. Let me call out a few of that. You have seen that the global GDP growth 
rates have been called down, and as per analysts, there is a 70% chance for recession in U.S. and 
U.K. 
The global GDP growth has been called down from 3.6% to 2.6%, 2.7% depending upon which 
year he's calling out thesenumbers. Inflation seems to be high, though it is cooling off in most 
parts of the world. Very high inflation regime, high commodity prices, increase in interest rates, 
the cost of capital has gone up significantly, and you will see this reflected in our -- in the results 
that we are reporting today. In fact, the borrowing rates across the world are the highest since 
September of 2007. 
All of these factors which are leading to cost escalation impact demand, they impact margin, 
impact on profit before tax, profit after tax. And so the financial regime is demanding that we 
stay cautious and we play it out rightly. There has been a serious currency devaluation in a lot 
of developing countries, Egypt, Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh. The good thing 
is a lot of these countriesare all oil driven economies. Oil prices have been stable at relatively 
high levels, and that positively impacts a lot of countries we operate in. 
You will see this reflected in the buying behaviour and supplying patterns of these countries, 
and ultimately, as a corollary, it reflects in the results that we tried as well. While there continues 
to be a bit of a delay in networking products delivery, which impact the large project business. 
shortage situation of technology products across the world has eased considerably. Now this will 
play out differently for different vendors, because everybody has got a supply chain of their own 
some more better than others. But by and large, the supply chain situation of technology products 
has eased up significantly. 
So therefore, there are some good and some average and not so good financial indicators, and 
we expect these to balance out here because of the nature of the geographies that we operate in. 
We will continue to be watchful and cautious over the next few quarters. And as we present 
ourselves into the future, we anticipate a constrained demand environment in certain categories 
like access products and a much better demand environment in other categories like data centres, 
cloud, services, accessories. 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
We therefore expect to sustain a reasonable revenue and margin growth from our recently 
implemented operating improvement, amidst the backdrop of all the geopolitical and financial 
rundown that I gave you. Over the course of the year, we demonstrated that despite an evolving 
macroeconomic environment and the conditions that are there for the industry, we remain well 
positioned to continue to grow our business profitably, likely demonstrated by four consecutive 
quarters of upwards of 25% growth. 
That's huge given what the rest of the industry is going through. And we do this by helping our 
customers and suppliers navigate an increasingly complex market. Net-net, in our opinion, our 
strategic initiatives, the technology positions that we are making, all the investments that we've 
done in our business, coupled with our strong execution capability, is delivering for us, and that 
makes us really optimistic about the future. 
At this point in time, let me stop and open it up for any question and answers or any comments 
that you may have, and I'll be more than happy to make sure between me and my team, that we 
are able to respond. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
You had mentioned about the move from work from home to office and cloud. Does that in any 
way change the working capital requirement? Is there any business that is more working capital 
intensive than the other? The second thing you also spoke about was the slowdown, which is 
global. In fact, in many other businesses, we've seen a rundown of inventory and that's slowing 
down sales. Do you see that also in the tech business, and how is the inventory at your customer 
end? Those are my only 2 questions. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. I will give a bit of a colour to that, and then I'll leave our CFO, Krishnan, to address that 
as well. I think the work from home has moved away to work from office, a lot, a lot of offices, 
other companies across, and it's a very interesting question really I guess because, you see this 
trend coming up over year. 
A lot of companies initially expect we will give work from home for life. But when the real 
world started to operate in post COVID, those very companies have come back and said, no, no, 
no, you have got to come to the office at least 3 of the 5 days in a week or at least more than 
that. The work from home has started to shift to work from office and that really helps us. 
Because, as we drive our company towards more enterprise, more official office kind of a, 
commercial kind of buying in SMB and enterprises, the work from office demand has really 
peaked up, and you will see that in our segment growth this time, the work home office business 
is really taking off. But it has a different metric as well, when you shift to work from office, 
work from office is always the project-driven business, there are more lead times, the cash flow 
or the payments cycle is a little longer than that. 
So that's how the relationship happens through working capital, because the payment cycle have 
started to become longer. Project business is inherently a longer cash conversion cycle business. 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
So its impact to working capital in a manner which allows working to -- or which forces working 
capital to go up. 
And next, Krishnan will be -- will comment to that, but then -- also the inventory portion. 
Inventory across the globe in the last couple of quarters went up because there was a slowdown 
in the consumer buying, but the speed or rate of which the slowdown happened wasn't 
anticipated by any vendor or any company across the globe. And hence, people shipped more as 
inventory built up. Now that has a negative pressure. It has a very strong context because it 
impacts prices, it impacts discounting, it impacts capital, working capital flow. So all of that 
comes together. 
While the vendors took a call to reduce shipments and thereby reduce inventory in the channel 
across the world, including the areas in which we operate in, it is still there in the channel, the 
inventory continues to be there, and we will go through a cycle of trying to liquidate inventory. 
So the flow of the consumer buying is going to be subdued for a bit more time. We are hoping 
less time than what we anticipated  earlier. But the office time has gone up, and both of those 
have a correlation to the working capital. 
Krishnan you want to add some more colour to it, please go ahead. 
S V Krishnan: 
No I think you have explained all the points, Rajiv. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, just 2 questions, where are you seeing the growth right now? Means, if you can indicate 
region-wise, East, West, North, South, which are the markets which are growing at a faster rate? 
And secondly, whether it is urban versus the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities to rural markets, is that market 
also growing? And third question is -- last question, is there any reduction that you have seen in 
the users' period of a laptop per say? I mean definitely mobile, we can see, people are changing 
mobile, at least in urban markets in a period of around 18 months. So there is a drastic reduction 
in the user’s period. So have you seen any such -- notice any such thing in case of laptops also? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes Aniruddha. Let me give you an answer on a few of them. And since you are right asking 
about growth region wise, I'm assuming you are restricting yourself to the Indian geography. Is 
that right? Or should I give you a colour on the whole geo? 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Only India. Only India. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. See, in India, there are two ways to cut yourself. You have to cut yourself by region. And 
you have to cut yourself by vertical segment. Not all segments grow simultaneously at the same 
pace, not all grow simultaneously at the same pace. Right now what we're seeing is a very strong 
buying cycle, which is happening in BFSI-industry, which is a financial services industry. 
Banks like HDFC, Axis Bank, and all the government banks also, nationalized banks, are going 
through a very strong product refresh because the financial systems are so, critical right now to 
the revival of growth across the world. By virtue of that it's a requirement to make sure that there 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
are adequate controls on the financial system. And so we are seeing a very, very strong buying 
happening in the BFSI, banking financial services and the insurance industry. 
What we saw also a bit of a reduction. So west region becomes -- because West is our financial 
capital of the country, the West region becomes very important for us. The second is strong 
buying that we are seeing today, is happening in the entire retail and healthcare. Those are two 
stages which continue to grow very strongly. We know for sure that India has a lot of catch up 
to do in provisioning of retail, best-in-class retail experiences to all our customers and 
consumers. 
Retail continues be a very strong buy. And healthcare, obviously, for all the right reasons, 
because people realized that during COVID, if we don't have a very strong healthcare system, 
which is tech enabled, you can really be losing out as a country. So I think that's something 
which is happening here. So retail and healthcare is something which is also which is very strong. 
And the last segment that has seen a very strong comeback is by government, because our 
governments to citizen connect, our government to citizen services need to be boosted up all the 
time. 
They need to be made more than cheap. So government is also seeing a very strong buying. 
Government is all the time upgrading systems, like income tax, GST, education, local healthcare 
in all the states. So I think a very strong buying that is taking place. Education is also a very 
strong segment, but education is -- because a lot of education buying happened during the learn 
from home time, we are seeing that education is right now much more settled and much more 
stable. Those are of the areas in which we are seeing a lot of buying that's taking place. 
The differentiation between urban and Tier 1 and Tier 2 towns, used to be very strong earlier, 
and the buying of technology product became much more democratic over the last couple of 
years, which means the urban, Tier 2, Tier 3 cities started to contribute a lot more to the buying. 
But in the recent times, I think the SMB buying and buying from startups has really backward 
and gone down. You have seen the tightness in the financial market, you've seen that the offtake 
of credit by the startups have gone down, specifically gone down over the last couple of months. 
And so we are seeing that the startups are making much more thoughtful, and much more 
concerned with issues, and those are impacting the buying in that particular segment. And urban, 
Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities are impacted similarly, they are buying much less -- they are much more 
stable in the buying. The reduction in usage period, which is the life cycle of equipment is the 
question that you asked about, the third question. 
Look, whenever this kind of a thing happens, whenever there is an inflationary regime, whenever 
the cost of equipment has gone down, whenever the prices are up, there is always a bit of a 
slowdown in buying, and that's exactly the point I mentioned to you earlier, that the consumer 
buying has slowed down, because consumers are always impacted when the prices were high, 
consumers are always impacted when interest rates are high. 
So whether they go for leverage buying or they go from buying from the loan directly from the 
cash that they have, either way the prices are high or the cost of capital is high and hence, they 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
will always reduce the buying. So it's that impact you see on the consumer market, which means 
that the life cycle of products has gone up, which means people are going to be refreshing at 
lower frequency than they used to do earlier. If earlier, the time was 3 years, 3.5 years, it will 
probably become 4 years, 4.5 years. That is the way it is happening. But like I said, a lot of that 
has got balanced out in our portfolio through buying by the office and the value system shift. So 
that's the dynamic I wanted to give you that what the market is playing out right now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Sarath Reddy from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarath Reddy: 
Congratulations on very strong execution. Rajiv, your voice has been muffled since the start of 
the call. So Krishnan sir, first question to you is the opex line item sequentially has gone up by 
INR70 crores. So could you explain that? And sir, last quarter, you had higher provisioning. So 
has there been a reversal there or a write-back, which has led to better gross margins? If you 
could first explain these 2 elements. 
S V Krishnan: 
Opex sequentially is on account of 2 counts. One, as Rajiv mentioned, we are constantly making 
certain investments in terms of building the capability in the cloud and the services space, and 
that's something that is inbuilt in that. Second, we also had certain forex loss in one of the 
markets, which is also part of it. And that's the reason why the opex has gone up in the current 
quarter. 
Your second question was with respect to inventory provision. Yes, there has been -- I mean, 
there has been a subsequent reduction in terms of older inventory and some of the provisions 
have got reversed in the current quarter. 
Sarath Reddy: 
Got it. Sir, the other thing is that you have explained in earlier calls that you want to pivot to 
being a digital distributor. Could you quantify what percentage of sales today are digital led? 
Will this help in reducing the opex line as revenues scale up? And could you quantify the 
investments you have made for the full year in this digital and cloud that you mentioned? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. Let me take that question. Sarath, can you hear me clearly? 
Sarath Reddy: 
Sir, voice is still a little muffled. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Is it the same for everyone? Do you want me to dial in dial out? Or are you able to actually make 
out what I'm saying? 
S V Krishnan: 
No, I think this seems fine Rajiv, only thing you may have to speak slowly. I think it's otherwise 
clear. No problem. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. All right. I think Krishnan answered that question beautifully about investments that we 
made, to your question about opex. In all our earlier calls, in the last few calls that we've had, 
we talked about pivoting our company to a much more digitally transformed organization. And 
what it means is that our routes to everyone we deal with, whether they are vendors or they are 
partners or our employees, whoever it is, will be a digital first one. 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
And that's the reason we started a digital platform. We talked to you about it in the last 2 calls 
as well. We started our digital platform that allows us to engage with our partners and customers 
in a very digital manner without any intervention. And you'll be very happy to know that in Q4, 
in JFM quarter, the digital part of our revenue was more than 20% of our -- or close to 25% of 
our overall revenue that we transacted in India of INR9,900 plus crores, close to 25% of that 
was done on the digital platform. 
Now think of it, in less than a year, we are transacting more than -- close to that high a number 
on the digital platform, which is very good. Second thing, and I will come to opex before -- but 
let me give you a colour on the -- a bit of a thing on the cloud platform also. On the cloud 
platform, an equally robust story on the cloud platform as well. In our cloud business, we shifted 
to -- we created a cloud platform called Cloud Quarks. And in this year, we are exiting our cloud 
platform, with a revenue, ARR, annual recurring revenue of INR269 million. 
Now that is huge for any company to come to, in just a year -- less than a year. We have got to 
a point where our investments in cloud and digital platform are actually starting to become much 
more visible and stand up and be counted for themselves and give a -- start to give us a very 
strong return in both digital and cloud platform. It really talks to you about the power and the 
coverage that you can get, the power of the platform that you're able to do potentially, many new 
things which you couldn't do earlier in the platform. 
So opex on these areas is that, over time, as we go forward, and we convert more and more of 
our business to our digital, you'll find that because our investments would have started to pay 
off much more and the operational efficiency -- because the digital platform also gives you a 
huge amount of operational excellence and operational efficiency. It allows you and your 
customers to be having -- deriving a much better experience from Redington. 
Over time, these translate into a much reduced operating opex versus technological opex, which 
you can differentiate, but a much reduced operating opex as we move forward, because you are 
so driven by a mission. On desire, you're right, is to be the number one digital distributor in the 
world, and I'm sure we're going to get there very soon, because of all the investments that we 
are making, but more importantly, because of the comprehensive vision that we have of what 
digital distribution can do for the industry that we are in, and it will be transformative. 
Sarath Reddy: 
Got it. Sir, what is Redington India Apple revenues as a percentage of the India Apple revenues? 
How has that trajectory been for the last couple of years. And sequentially, we've seen that third 
quarter is a strong quarter for Apple India because of product launches, but the revenues for this 
quarter have increased to 32% versus 30% last quarter. So could you please quantify with 
Apple's strategy of going direct? How does this impact Redington India for Apple? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. I think any vendor -- and it's not Apple specific, let me broaden the question and then I'll 
narrow it down to your point about Apple specifically. We have seen that whenever any vendor 
becomes more active in the market, whether it is Apple or it is Dell, HP, Lenovo, Microsoft, 
Amazon, anyone who becomes more active in the market directly, through a direct presence, the 
market for that particular brand, what your range of equipment expands. 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
And that is such a wonderful thing to happen for the industry, where Apple is coming into the 
country and trying to set up its own shop over here, which have opened up Apple-direct stores. 
We believe it will help lead to expansion of the Apple business and Apple market in India. Apple 
has a very small phone market share and even smaller PC and iPad market share, tablets market 
share. With them coming in directly, we expect that -- or we hope that market share expands, 
which will be a gain for partners like ours who use a lot of Apple products. 
Just from your perspective, from the question about the relative size of the market and how it is 
going up and down. Q3 and Q4 are always mobility intensive quarters. Q3 because in that 
quarter, Apple does a launch and most other mobility brands also do a launch. So mobility is a 
part of the business, sees a lift in Q3 and Q4. And that's the cyclic nature of the products that we 
sell. Some products sell better in some quarters. 
Some products sell less better in some quarters, some products sell less better than other quarters. 
So I think that's the nature of the business, and that's how the whole -- our product mix continues 
to shape up in and out because of what the launches with other vendors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sarath, sorry to interrupt you, I will request you to join the queue again for the 
follow-up question. The next question is from the line of Priya from Emkay Global. 
Priya: 
And congratulations to management team on always delivering consistently quarter-after-
quarter. I have 2 broader questions. One is a follow-up on the working capital. Now that 
everything is normalized and that you've highlighted, that the B2B business or the movement of 
work from home to work from office is something would mean that the businesses and us will 
have to ensure a little bit more inventories. Do you see the current working capital cycle being 
a norm which we should look at? That is the first question. 
The second question is the intensity or the importance of our business only keeps on increasing, 
as the technology advances. So a combination of 5G and say, PLI manufacturing in India, which 
are the 2 major forces going to happen in the ecosystem for us in India, it would be largely seen 
as positive in future, but any colour which you had from the vendors, because each new 
technology, let's say from 2G to 3G, 3G to 4G envisages an increase in the ASP of the devices. 
And in 5G, particularly, we are going to see more a device-led sort of technology adoption. So 
any colour over there, which you had with your vendors, what are their thoughts? We've always 
seen Google introducing like Google Cards and all and the AR/VR related devices. So a more 
macro trend over there would be helpful? And if PLI manufacturing becomes a norm, 4 years, 5 
years down the line, do you envisage any change in the distribution landscape for us? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Priya, too many questions and all good ones. Let me leave it to SVK, Krishnan. Krishnan, do 
you take the working capital normalization norm and I'll take on the intensity of tech advances 
that she has mentioned? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes, Rajiv. So it's like this, Priya, if you go back to our commentary in the last 2 quarters to 3 
quarters, we have been saying that inventory will settle about between 30 days to 35 days. As 
we speak now, it's at the top end of that range. In our view, that some more increase may not be 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
significant to see whatever this thing needs to be done to control it, but we tend to think because 
of the slowdown that's happening across, there could be some slight increase in terms of the 
overall working capital days, but we don't expect that to be significantly higher than what it is 
today. So to answer you in our view, majorly, the normalization process is over now. 
Priya: 
Sure, Krishnan. This is helpful. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. Let me give you some insights on how we see the tech intensity increasing and tech 
advances happening. And you mentioned about 5G. 5G is a device play, which means people 
will shift towards a phone which is hand phone, which is 5G-enabled to support 5G. But -- and 
that's happening right now, as we speak right now, whoever is buying a new phone is very 
particular that the phone runs 5G or support 5G, okay. 
But let me tell you, that is just one tiny part of the way the technology   is going to be utilizing 
or the consumer would actually going to be utilizing 5G. 5G is a lot about increased bandwidth, 
faster communication and people being able to do things remotely on a much more real-time 
basis. That is the real genesis of 5G, devices support that, which means lots and lots of 
applications over time will start to utilize those capabilities of 5G and become real-time. 
For instance, if your company does -- your Emkay Global Company does remote training, you 
can be almost live in the places through slower technologies that are being made available right 
now or when you do advertising, learning, remote manufacturing, remote operations in a remote 
health care consultancy and advisory, 5G would start to enable a lot more of their application. 
So 5G has a much deeper impact than handsets. It has a deeper impact on technology 
consumption across the world, across many, many such industries. 
And we see a very intense, very strong uptake as applications start to utilize the technology of 
5G. We at Redington, we are working on a few such use case scenarios in the automotive 
industry, use case scenarios in the health care industry, which will almost be very revolutionary 
at the subset in many ways from a manufacturing and from a health care perspective and so on 
and so forth. The AR/VR is again, those are tools, those are technologies which people utilize 
in use case scenarios. Augmented reality will help you a lot in the advertising world, which is 
what is happening.  
If you go to a lot of countries, and I'm sure you got to lot of travel all the time, when you go to 
countries like Japan and China and Australia, U.S. and some of the countries in Europe, you'll 
find how augmented reality is now starting to make a strong dent in advertising. And I'm sure 
you've seen videos ofhow business are becoming AR-enabled, same thing with virtual reality. 
You can -- like I said, you can sit in the home and visualize yourselves to be in a training room, 
visualize yourselves to be in an operation theatre, and that's how those advances are going to be. 
So 5G's relevance is going to be a lot more in the application domain beyond just the devices. 
The devices average selling price, ASP of devices going up is going to help shoring our revenue. 
But the tech advances and the tech intensity that 5G creates and 6G which is getting tried out in 
some countries now is going to be supremely beneficial for the technology industry and for the 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
consumers at large because they will get the ability to do many different ways and many creative 
things as we go forward. 
PLI manufacturing, your last question, as we go forward and more and more things started and 
manufactured locally, it will help India generate revenue, local revenue, it will help India create 
more jobs locally. It won't help create lower prices, because all these global companies wish to 
manufacturing in India, they do manufacturing in India for India, but also for the globe, but they 
cannot disrupt the prices to the extent, their pricing policy, having come from that background, 
so I know it very well. 
The pricing policies of these companies is much more global. You won't have a reduction in 
prices, but you will have an advancement in job capabilities, job opportunities, you will have 
advancement in newer models becoming available even faster to the Indian population, all those 
benefits will come to the Indian population. 
Moderator: 
Priya, I request to join the queue again for a follow-up question. The next question is from the 
line of Akash Mehta from Capaz Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akash Mehta: 
Sure. So Compuage has reported on the stock exchanges that there were some disturbances in 
their business. So given that they are a INR4,000 crores revenue company, does it benefit us in 
any way? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
It does, absolutely. Absolutely, it does. Compuage has given kind of products, Akash, that 
Compuage was distributing some HP and some other products, those become available to 
Redington clearly to manage and to sell in the geographies they were present in. And like I said, 
it's the time where you have to manage a lot of financials and business simultaneously, and we 
execute extremely well. So I think that is going to be really beneficial to us to manage our exact 
capability of our sales engine now to go and take away most of the share of that INR4,000 crores 
that Compuage has reported. 
Akash Mehta: 
So we see a significant headroom here? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. We should see it on that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I just had one question on your interest cost, which has impacted your PBT growth rate. So 
we have seen the inventory day normalizing and accordingly, debt or leverage coming on your 
balance sheet. But the pace of leverage is slower than the pace of interest cost increase. So I just 
wanted to understand your funding cost, how should we look at it, what percentage is your 
funding cost, if you could explain that? And I'm suspecting that because of the global interest 
rate rise, the funding cost for you would be materially different from what it would be earlier? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. So SVK, do you want to take that? 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
S V Krishnan: 
Will do, Rajiv. So to answer you, Pritesh, see, I mean, as you said very clearly, the interest rates 
are going up across and being present in multiple markets, it impacts us also, to the extent that 
in India, our interest rates have gone up by almost twice. And if you go to say, Dubai, our interest 
rate has gone up by about 4x to 5x. So this is something which all the corporates do face. And 
uniquely, if you see in terms of interest cost in comparison, then you have very low utilization 
of debt. And the -- I mean, at that point in time, you will see all the networth would have got 
fully utilized for which there wouldn't be any interest cost. 
Any increase in working capital from then on will have an interest cost attached to it, which is 
the challenge that we have. In our view, the interest rate increase cycle is more or less done, 
maybe for the next 3 months to 6 months, there could be one more increase that may happen 
overall. But after that, we should see a downward trend and that should help us. So from an 
interest cost perspective, if I need to give you, I mean a view, I mean as a percentage of revenue, 
we are at about 0.35%, 0.4%. I think we should be able to maintain around this or maybe it can 
get stretched by another 5 bps to 10 bps. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Now if you -- okay, now I'll ask the other way. If this is a peak working capital cycle that 
you're looking at in terms of days, which has normalized, would it be fair to assume that the debt 
would have peaked out, because from here on, you will have your cash flows? 
S V Krishnan: 
See, it's like this. As I mentioned to one of the other query, we expect some increase in working 
capital still. Second, you also need to understand... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
You mentioned it was temporary that you are looking at, right, and not a material difference. 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes. And second is also, you should see the growth rate, which is significantly higher, so we 
expect the debt level to go up because of the growth rates. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
What is the type of growth rate that you are looking at on a sustainable basis, should we refer? 
S V Krishnan: 
You know very well what has been our growth rate over a long period and also what has been 
in the last few quarters. And I mean, our growth rate depends on how the market grows, but we 
will ensure that we are definitely better compared to the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiresh Pathak from White Oak Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhiresh Pathak: 
Yes. Sir, one, just want to confirm my understanding that when Apple sells direct either through 
online their website or through their focus stores, we have no role to play in it, right, no logistics, 
nothing, we don't benefit at all from that channel? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
That is right. 
Dhiresh Pathak: 
Understood. In rest of the world market, which as per your presentation, is about 56%, 57% of 
EBITDA and PAT, what would be the underlying currency exposure like which currencies 
would be more exposed to? 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Look, we do -- we do a lot of our business in dollars. So our exposure is very restricted. And 
that's the reason you see that whenever we have a currency loss, it's not really material from the 
business perspective because we have a policy of how we hedge ourselves against currency 
fluctuations by doing business in dollars. Sometimes we get impacted, the country policies 
change very significantly. And so those are geopolitical factors that we have to move on. And I 
leave to S V Krishnan to give more commentary or details on that topic. 
Dhiresh Pathak: 
Yes. Krishnan, if you can give like for the rest of the world PAT, like dollar, underlying dollar 
would be what percentage of that PAT, and whether other currencies like in Nigeria, Kenya, 
Ghana, where we have experienced depreciation, what would be the currency exposure? I'm 
looking for some quantification. 
S V Krishnan: 
See, first of all, what I want to give you a comfort, we always try to make sure that we hedge all 
our exposures wherever forward contracts are available. If you take India, for example, forward 
contracts are available all the time. So the moment there is an exposure on the day 1, we take a 
cover and build the -- I mean, the cost of the premium as part of our pricing. And this is what 
we do across various markets. There are a few countries where the currencies -- the currency 
rates are pegged to U.S. dollar, hence, naturally, there is no FX exposure for us. 
And as Mr. Rajiv just mentioned, if we take Turkey, for example, while the currency volatility 
is very high, we do the business in U.S. dollar, I should say majorly, and to that extent, we are 
not covered for the balance, we need to manage. So this is the broad thought process I would 
want to tell you. 
Overall in markets where there are currency variations and forex contract is not available, we 
have a model that we will sell at the then prevailing rate whenever the sale gets done, and at the 
time of collection, the customer has to pay as per the exchange rate that was prevailing on the 
date of collection. So we are more or less covered in terms of our business model for the forex 
exposure. 
However, the challenge comes in, in cases where remittance is not possible. I mean you 
mentioned a few countries, this thing Nigeria, Egypt, a few other countries where the currency 
repatriation sometimes because of various geopolitical challenges is not possible, which is where 
we get struck and it is taking time for us. And in the mean -- if there is an exposure, it -- I mean, 
it is coming and hitting us, which is where we are. And as much as possible, we reduce the 
impact and we also run down our business, which is what happened in the case of Sri Lanka, 
Egypt and right now with Nigeria also. So it's not significantly high if I need to answer you in a 
simple form. 
Dhiresh Pathak: 
But is it possible just to the extent that you can quantify, let's say, you get 56% of your PAT 
from rest of the world markets, now what percentage of that is dollar business, what percentage 
of that, and the second largest currency whichever it is, what percentage of that is that currency? 
So something like that if you can share? 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
S V Krishnan: 
If I need to put a percentage, I don't have that ready-made now. In my view, it would be between 
15% to 20% of the business that happens in markets where we are not able to cover FX or we 
don't do it in U.S. dollar terms. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Balakumar from HDFC Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Balakumar: 
I have 2 questions. One, could you just give the breakup of the provisions this quarter inventory 
receivables and the total provisions? And second one, if you look at the growth we had in FY 
'23, it was broad-based across markets. Maybe FY '24 and beyond, could you guys just throw 
some sense on the growth drivers by both market as well as the segments within the markets? 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
SVK, will you take the first one, then I'll take the second one? 
S V Krishnan: 
Sure, will do, Rajiv. So inventory provision for the quarter is negative at 21 bps and AR 
provision for the quarter is about 14 bps positive. And inventory provision is negative because 
it was positive in the last quarter, as I had mentioned, there was some reversal that had happened 
in the current quarter because of liquidating older inventory. 
Balakumar: 
Got it. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. On your question on the growth drivers for India and overseas, you're right, our business 
has been really broad-based, it has grown pretty much across all the regions that we operate in 
very consistently. And the growth drivers happens to be through a couple of things. One is an 
external growth driver. The way the tech industry is shaping up right now, bringing more 
technology to the market and companies, organizations like yourselves in HDFC or any other 
organizations is really continuing on the path of digital transformation. 
And I think the momentum that has got created towards digital transformation during the COVID 
time is almost irreversible. You can't just plug it back anymore. And so companies will continue 
to invest in digital transformation, companies will continue to invest in improving their 
efficiency, productivity and their own environment of innovation. So that drives a huge amount 
of technology buying because for companies to become more capable and enabled for efficiency 
and productivity, it is almost a straight-line equation, they have to make more investments on 
technology. That's one thing which is very strong growth driver for us. 
The second growth driver for us is the geographies that we operate in, India, Middle East, Africa, 
Turkey, all of those geographies, like I said earlier, they are investment and consumption driven. 
The government have a necessity to make sure they are all the time upgrading the infrastructure, 
upgrading the infrastructure of digital and infrastructure of knowledge variety  both, and 
economic infrastructure, education infrastructure, health care, all of them has got to get invested 
in. A huge amount of the investment is happening in these areas by the government to make sure 
that these things come up, and that brings a huge amount of tech buying. 
And second is, as the population is becoming more from the lower to middle class to upper mid-
class those that are more evolved and more niche as the migration is taking place with all these 
populations, there is a consumption of technology that is taking place. So I think those are the 2 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
broad drivers that I think, one is the digital transformation, second is the investment-led nature 
of the economies and geographies that we operate in. And we align very strongly with that, Bala. 
If you read or read about us as a company and if you see where we are headed, the mission of 
our company is to bridge divide. Our purpose is to bridge divide. 
We operate in a very strong underprivileged section of the global market. Whatever we can do 
to bridge those divides of technology, to bridge the divide of economy of education, of health 
care, of retail, of manufacturing, anything that we can do by bringing the latest technology to 
the market, that's our mission, that's our purpose that we exist for as a company. So the regions 
that we are operating in strongly to our purpose, to our mission, and it really is anything that get 
to growth, those are the two very strong growth drivers that's aligned with our organization. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. So I had a few questions. So one is, if you could quantify the investments on the other 
expense line and how should we think about that on a going forward basis? The second is you 
mentioned that 25% of the India business is now sort of a digital distribution. Just wanted your 
thoughts on what you're seeing in terms of any difference in the working capital intensity there? 
Is it much lower or do you think that once it settles over a period of time, there's a lot of room 
for optimization on the capital intensity in the business as this business gets more and more 
digital-oriented? So that's the second. And third, I just wanted your broad thoughts on the last 
year, we saw the highest ever growth. 
And if you could just contextualize that in terms of what drove that strength and how we should 
see that on a going forward basis and how the context is changing? Should we expect a 
normalization, a fair normalization of growth considering the broad macro? And so those were 
the 3 questions. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Okay. I think we gave you some numbers in our investments last time also, Nitin. Our 
investments in technology infrastructure is moving across from -- and obviously, I'm not going 
to give the exact numbers, but are moving across from INR90 crores, INR100 crores to INR250 
crores -- INR260 crores over the course of a combination between capex and opex, all of that. 
We believe this is a differentiator. And you will continue to see us making the right level of 
investment add two levels. 
One investment we made is in creating the right level of digital transformation on digital 
enterprise that we want to be, which allows our partners and customers to engage with us in the 
ways they prefer. Whether they want to do a brick and mortar discussion with us or they want 
to engage with us on the digital platform or they want to do the business with us on an as-a-
service model, we are providing a huge amount of choices to our partners and customers to 
engage with us. And that is not going to be starved of any investment, whatever it takes to get 
that, we will be absolutely basically rightsizing. That is one. 
The question number 2 of yours on trying to get digital distribution, does it reduce the working 
capital investment, maybe over time, it does. Right now, it doesn't, right now, because the nature 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
of business that partners we transact or engage with, the customers we engage with, the economic 
environment of the country is not changing because we've gone digital. What digital does is it 
makes us more efficient, it makes us deliver a much better experience to our customers and 
partners, it makes us easily discoverable, it makes it really easy for partners and customers to do 
businesses. These are the much more growth-oriented topics than working capital movements, 
because like I said, the dynamics of the business is not altering to change the working capital 
there. 
Over time it may be, assuming I try and liquidate something or try and sell something on a fast-
paced basis, will kind of -- will really enable us to do much better working capital, but those are 
in the future, and we'll see as that goes. So that's the second element that I wanted to make sure 
that we get that. The third thing that is there is about -- you mentioned the point about growth 
drivers, what is driving growth for us and is that going to be looking at different or will it change 
and what are guidance for the future is. Look, growth is an outcome of many things that we do, 
many small things that we're optimizing the business need to grow. 
For engagement with our vendors and our partner network needs to grow. Our planning the way, 
we detail our planning with our partners and vendors needs to grow. The range of financial and 
fintech solutions that we provide between us and our partners that needs to grow. Our framework 
of go-to-market model, which is a basis of digital and nondigital and a coverage model that is 
really helping us reach to, maximize the number of partners and the market that we can reach to, 
there was an earlier question about Tier 1, Tier 2, the number of locations that we can go to, the 
number of PIN codes that we go to sell our products has this. So the coverage of GTM model 
allows us to grow faster. 
Our investments in technology enable us to become far more easy and progress and agile in 
aligning with whatever we need to make changes to from a business perspective. But those are 
the things that really drove huge growth. And you are right, when the market is negative 25% 
and Redington is plus 25%, that means we had a shift between the market delta of almost 50% 
between us and the market. And this happens for 4 consecutive quarters. So that's a strong thing, 
which is something that we're doing has helped us get this level of growth, and those are the 
growth levels. Will it normalize to a lower level? 
What normalization? -- what you meant by normalization, our view will be that one of the things 
that we hold ourselves really accountable to is something which is about making sure that we 
continue to grow faster in the market over time. That is there to us, and I'm hoping that the 
investments that we are making in technology. 
The second investment we are making is in people because the thing that we are doing from an 
e-commerce perspective or from a cloud perspective, there's a lot of services capabilities with it. 
And services capabilities, for sure, are very different from our product capabilities. So we're 
investing in technologies and we're investing in people capabilities as well. So all of this is 
helping us stay ahead of the market at every point in time. 
Moderator: 
Nitin, I'll request you to join the queue again. 

 
 
Redington Limited
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
I think we are done for the day. I got to leave for now, it's almost more than an hour, I'll have to 
leave. So thank you so much. Is there anything -- Krishnan, if there is anything else that you 
want to add, then we should probably be winding down here. 
S V Krishnan: 
No, no, no, I think it is done. We can close the call, Rajiv. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. 
S V Krishnan: 
In case there are -- in case anyone has... 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes, sorry. 
S V Krishnan: 
No, no, no, we can give some closing comments before we close. 
Rajiv Srivastava: 
Yes. Yes. I think it's fair. I mean it's a fantastic interaction. I like all the questions that you have 
asked us were very always incisive and insightful. If you play back our calls over the last few 
quarters, you will see exactly the scheme, as I said, running across. We guided the market on 
working capital. It is turning out to be exactly where we guided. We guided the market on PAT, 
it is running out exactly to be where we had given the guidance and given the guidance. We 
guided the market on our growth that will be ahead of the market and is turning out to be superbly 
correct. We had guided the market on how we see our investments and how the investment will 
pan out. 
And also we talked to you a lot about what is -- what is that we are doing from a future 
perspective and how Redington reinventing itself, how Redington reenergizing and transitioning 
or transforming itself to do business to stay ahead in the new world and all of that, you heard us 
talk about. Your questions, like I said, always extremely, extremely enriching, whether it is 
questions on financials or questions on the way the market is shaping up or your questions on 
future direction, your questions were absolutely, absolutely fantastic on these things. 
So all those questions help us stay the course. If there is anything that we have not been able to 
address or answer, I know there's always a time to look at those stuff. You can write to us, and 
we will make sure that you get a response from us. So thank you so much for joining the call 
today early in the morning. Have a great day and the week ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Redington Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
