 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Dis-
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Analyst/Inves-
tor Meet held on July 27, 2023. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to our letter dated July 22, 2023, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the Analyst/Investor meet held on July 27, 2023, for your information and records. 
The same is available on the Company's website - Concall Transcripts | Schaeffler India 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31/07/2023 
 
Phone:  +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
Digitally signed by ASHISH TIWARI
DN: cn=ASHISH TIWARI, c=IN,
o=Personal,
email=ashish.tiwari@schaeffler.com
Date: 2023.07.31 14:49:21 +05'30'
ASHISH
TIWARI

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
PUBLIC 
 
 
“Schaeffler India Limited  
Q2CY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSHA KADAM –MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. SATISH PATEL – DIRECTOR OF FINANCE & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MS. GAURI KANIKAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
PUBLIC 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Schaeffler India Ltd, Q2 CY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Schaeffler India Ltd.’s Earnings Conference 
Call for the second quarter and six months ended 30th June 2023. We have with us from the 
management today, Mr. Harsha Kadam – our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
and Mr. Satish Patel – our Director of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. 
Mr. Kadam will first take us through a short presentation on the results after which we open the 
floor for questions. Over to you, Mr. Kadam. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Good morning to all, my investor friends, I welcome you to this Earnings Call today of Q2 2023. 
Let me take you through the presentation first and I would appreciate and request you to refer to 
Slide #2. 
Today I would be taking you through the economy and the industry, throw some light on the 
business, how did we do in the second quarter and six months ending 2023. After which I will 
take you through the financial highlights for the same period. And then talk a little bit about our 
future drive towards ESG and what we are doing there. 
I move to Slide #3 now. Let me start by talking a little bit about the economic situation: 
We believe India still remains the bright spot in the world economy. All the necessary 
appropriate indicators are showing that we are on a good track as one of the fastest developing 
economy in the world. 
Six months back IMF had issued a GDP of 5.9% for India which got revised two days back to 
6.1%. The World Bank still holds the GDP for India at 6.3%. When you look at one other 
important indicator which is the Foreign Direct Investments that are coming in, we have record 
inflows of FDIs coming in, in the last two quarters. Of course, in the second quarter there was a 
bit of a drop but nevertheless it is still at an all-time high. 
What we are seeing is also the clear focus and drive by the government in the areas of Make In 
India or be it the PM Gati Shakti Projects or the extension of the PLI schemes into other sectors. 
Even enabling the exports to go up as well as liberalizing the FDI norms. So, we see all reforms 
happening on all the fronts. So, that said we believe that the strong growth would continue in 
India. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
PUBLIC 
I would now throw light on automotive production: 
Please pardon me for the misrepresentation of the bar graph there. While what we are showing 
is the percentage over the same quarter last year, the way it has been visually represented as 
incorrect, so pardon me for that. 
What you see in the automotive growth as well, we had some mixed bags. When you look at the 
passenger vehicle segment, the segment as a whole in Q2 was down 6% compared to the 
preceding quarter, but it was up 7% compared to the same period last year. 
Commercial vehicles on the other hand too, which was down 13% over the preceding quarter 
actually has slowed down a bit, it was down -2% when compared to the same quarter last year. 
Some recovery, we are able to see is in the two-wheeler sector where over the preceding quarter 
we have seen a 12% jump in production of two-wheelers. And it remains flat at the same level 
as Q2 of 2022. 
Talk about the index of industrial production and what we see is good growth in the cement 
production, steel productions in the country; obviously riding on the back of the infrastructure 
drive and push which the government is clearly focused and investing in. That said, cement 
production grew almost 6.2% compared to the same period last year. Steel production grew in 
double digits at 12% over last year. And coal production, is lower than the preceding quarter, 
but definitely strong growth of 11% compared to the same period last year. 
Power generation on the other hand for the first quarter end and the beginning month of the 
second quarter was down. However, we have seen some uptick in the month of May; June 
numbers are still to come in here. So, the core industries growth in Q2 was 4.3% that is registered 
across the country. And the half yearly level at about 5.9% growth is what we are seeing. 
I move to the next slide which is throwing light on the automotive sector performance: 
Here what you would see - I just talked about the two and three-wheelers. As we can see the two 
and three-wheelers have been having a flattish growth rate when compared to the last year same 
period; commercial vehicle is at 2.4% compared to the same period last year and passenger 
vehicles still showing a 10% growth over the same period last year. Tractors on the other hand 
still remains at about 9% on comparative levels. So, we have seen some softening in the 
commercial vehicles sector owing to the price increases that have been initiated in the 
marketplace as well as the technology changes pertaining to the BS VI Phase II which have been 
implemented. 
I move to Slide #6, and which is where I have been talking a little bit on business highlights: 
Let me take you through to Slide #7 which gives the summary of our performance in the second 
quarter. To sum it up in the second quarter, automotive technologies continued to show a strong 
growth despite some subdued market conditions in some of the sectors. We have also seen a 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
PUBLIC 
strong growth in our automotive aftermarket on the back of more network penetration that we 
have done as well as expansion of our product portfolios that we have seen. 
On the other hand, industrial business we have seen some uptick in some of the sectors, 
particularly wind which has been languishing. We have seen some recoveries in the month of 
June in terms of demand coming back pretty strongly. And we have seen some uptick even in 
the two-wheeler sectors, which has helped the industrial business continue on its growth path. 
We also continue on our journey of investments into our plants, in terms of capacity expansions. 
So, we recently inaugurated the Savli Hall 2 wherein we will be bringing in more localization of 
more products that are going to happen in this plant as well, as well as our Hosur Greenfield 
project which continues and is progressing well. 
We have seen also some good demand on the domestic business in terms of some of the sectors, 
even the raw material sectors have seen pretty strong demand uptick there. While our own 
exports, we saw some moderation coming in due to the situation in Europe as is prevalent today. 
On the journey of ESG, we have started on this journey and while we are on this journey, we are 
now being getting recognitions which I will share in a while on some of the projects, one in 
particular being the water conservation projects which we have started to now initiate across 
other locations as well. 
So, all in all we had a challenging second quarter, but I must say that we have managed the 
businesses pretty well in terms of securing the low hanging wins as well as at the same time we 
look forward to the second half where we believe that there is still going to be some sluggishness 
in terms of global demand, but the domestic demand uptick, if it were to sustain, we would be 
in a better position here as well. 
To sum it up: 
On the sales growth we were able to bring in INR 1,829 crore on to the top-line which is 4.6% 
higher than the same quarter of the previous year and 8% better than the preceding quarter of 
this year. That resulted in an EBIT margin of INR 294 crore coming into the system. And we 
have been able to sustain and hold the EBIT margin at 16%, which is at the same level as the Q2 
of last year. This led to a Profit After Tax margin of 13% bringing in INR 237 crore and it 
remains at the same level in terms of the percentage of margin that has come into the system. 
Talk about the free cashflow, this was one of the strongest quarters for us where we were able 
to bring in INR 109 crore into the system in this quarter, which is comparatively higher, almost 
37% better than the same quarter last year and compared to preceding quarter, the preceding 
quarter was the very low quarter which you will see in the next slide, as I move to Slide #8. 
On Slide #8, I also want to highlight that our sustained good performance is the result of our 
strong customer engagement activities in terms of business identification and business 
conversions that we stay focused on along the year. So, just to throw a light on some of them in 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
PUBLIC 
the automotive technology area we have been able to secure new business wins for the passenger 
vehicles for the wheel bearings on some of the new models that are getting launched as well as 
some of the light vehicle clutch systems and the medium and heavy commercial vehicles, heavy 
duty clutch systems where we have secured beyond 280-millimeter dia clutch business which 
we have resulted into series productions, starting of going forward now. 
On the automotive aftermarket front as well, the recently launched battery for the two-wheeler 
market was introduced. We have now started to expand the reach of this product across the 
breadth of the country. We have gone into now launching it into two other states as well. In 
addition to that of course we have started to add on new products conforming to the BS VI norms 
as the vehicles are coming to a maturity level for vehicle parts replacement. And we also look 
forward and continue to penetrate into new markets as well as bringing more new products as 
we see enough opportunity in the automotive aftermarket space. 
Talking of the industrial business, here again we have secured quite a few business wins, be it 
in the railway sector or be it in the packaging machinery sector or some of it is also in the robotics 
sector that we are able to secure, not too left far behind, we have also secured bearing businesses 
in the electric two-wheeler segment as well. So, that said our focus in working with our 
customers at an early stage, getting involved at an early stage, engaging with them right through 
the development process continues. 
Moving on, I move to Slide #9, just to throw light on the two-wheelers battery that we introduced 
under the Schaeffler TruPower brand. We have focused a lot on bringing out performance and 
value creation for our end users as well as at the same time we make sure it brings in longer life 
in terms of the technologies that we have used in terms of the purity levels of the contents that 
go into battery making as well as long light terminals that are one of the most corrosive regions 
within a battery. We have been able to focus on ensuring that we offer a better, superior product 
with better performance quality as well. 
I move to Slide #10, to throw some light on the expansion of the industrial production capacity 
at Savli. We have added another 10,000 square meters of production space additional, the picture 
on the right which is encircled is the new building that was inaugurated in the month of June. 
And the hall is now ready to receive the machineries which have started to flow there. Some of 
the key processes that we are in investing in are the heat treatments and the grinding processes 
as well as we are focusing on sector such as the wind energy, heavy industries and the railway 
sector, so products that we are going to manufacture here is going to cater to these sectors. Some 
of the products are spherical roller bearings and also the taper roller bearings which would be 
made in this new hall that we have just inaugurated. 
That said I move to the financial highlights now and throw some light, I would move to Slide 
#12: 
As I did mention the total revenue generation in the second quarter of this year was INR 1,829 
crore which was 8% better than the preceding quarter and 4.6% better than the same quarter last 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
PUBLIC 
year. Now where did this come from - I draw your attention to the right side of the chart wherein 
our year-on-year growth was backed by good domestic demand. The automotive technologies 
business as you have seen compared to last year’s grew almost by 10.3%. And the automotive 
aftermarket we were able to deliver almost close to 24% growth compared to last year. Whereas 
the industrial was down -2.3% fundamentally contributed by the slowdown in the wind segment 
in the Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year. And our exports as I already said have softened and 
moderated and was down by -3.5%. 
However, when you look at the six-month picture compared to the same period six-month last 
year, our automotive technology business, we have still posted 15% better than the same period 
last year. And the automotive aftermarket was 21% better than the same period last year, while 
industry was down 5% and export was up 3%. 
I draw your attention to the revenue bridge now and last year in the same quarter of Q2, we 
brought in INR 1,749 crore onto the top-line. But this quarter as I said we have brought in INR  
1,829 crore. If I were to look at the split of where the revenue generation has happened, INR 697 
million or INR 69.7 crore came in from the autotech space. The automotive aftermarket bought 
in INR 35 crore and industrial is still down marginally and export is down marginally. 
We have always been saying that our beautiful balance between the industrial and the automotive 
space helps us to manage, to post better performances to rejig of strategies going forward as 
well. And you will see it again here with automotive technologies contributing 41% of the sales 
mix, industrial contributing 34%, export contributing 15% and automotive aftermarket 
contributing 10% of the sales mix. 
I move to Slide #13 and here I would like to talk about the quality of our earnings, and I must 
say that in spite of a challenging quarter with some of the macroeconomic situations, headwinds 
that we were facing our earnings qualities still remained resilient and we were able to show that 
resilience in our performance. 
So, just to throw light on the EBIT, we brought in, in the second quarter was INR 294 crore 
which was definitely 8.7% better than the preceding quarter wherein we had brought in only 
INR  274 crore. And as we can see it compares year over year on the same period last year, 7.3% 
growth resulting in an EBIT margin of 16.1% which is definitely better when compared to the 
Q2 of last year which was at 15.7%. 
So, where does the EBIT margins come from and when you look at the bridge below, you will 
find the volume development or the increase in our sales revenue contributed almost INR 56 
crore to the bottom-line. And we did have some one-time employee cost as we are expanding 
and our CAPEX expansion, we have to recruit more employees coming into the system, so you 
see which was not there in the quarter of last year. And then some of the depreciation cost and 
we do have some other income cost in terms of our spend that we have incurred due to some of 
our branding activities and some other expenses that you see. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
PUBLIC 
Overall, I must say a very strong performance on the EBIT at INR 294 crore and sustained to 
keep the EBIT margin at 16.1%, resulting in a profit after tax of INR 237 crore in the second 
quarter which is 8.2% better than the previous, the preceding quarter and a 5.1% better profit 
after tax than the same period last year. 
And moving on, I would like to move to Slide #14 to throw some light on the working capital 
and our CAPEX spend. As we can see we did some corrections in our inventory levels in the 
last quarter of last year which spilled over into the first quarter as well. And I must say that we 
have been managing pretty well on our working capital levels. And working capital to sales as 
a percentage we are at about 19%, which we believe is the optimum level of working capital that 
we want to remain at, to ensure better serviceability to our customers. 
In terms of our CAPEX spend we had said that we have increased our CAPEX to percentage of 
sales to 6% to 7% levels, last quarter. We continue to sustain the same growth and we continue 
to invest in our capacity expansion projects even in the second quarter investing close to INR 
135 crore in Quarter 2 alone. 
Look at our free cash flow and what we see is one of our strongest performances in Quarter 2, 
compared to the preceding quarter you know we were able to bring in almost INR 109 crore as 
compared to INR 80 crore compared to the same period last year, Quarter 1 we were very low, 
we had a negative performance on the free cash flow at a year-on-year level. So, we have 
improved by 37% in terms of free cash flow performance. 
I move to Slide #15 now to just explain a little bit on the indicator. So, to sum it up, I refer to Q2 
2023 which is the first column and then draw your attention to look at the six months 2023 as 
well. So, I have already talked about the Q2 2023 revenue numbers as well as the financial 
indicators. Let me talk about the six-month period and as you can see the revenue, end of half 
year is INR 3,523 crore as against INR 3,300 which was there last year same period, which is a 
clear 6.2% better performance than last year. 
Talk about our EBITDA, our EBITDA was INR 671 crore compared to INR 636 crore last year 
and the margins we continue to keep it at 19% as such. On the EBIT, at a half yearly level, INR 
565 crore as against INR 534 crore with an EBIT margin of 16%, resulting in earnings before 
tax of INR 612 crore compared to INR 563 crore last year, with an EBIT margin of 17.4%. 
The Profit After Tax at a half-year level, we are at INR 456.7 crore compared to INR 432.9 crore 
and we sustain a profit after tax margin of 13%. As I have said CAPEX increase is visible here 
at a six-month period, we have so far invested INR 253 crore as against INR 216 crore last year. 
And I already touched upon our free cash flow performance has been strong free cash flow in 
the system in the second quarter of this year. 
With this I would like to now talk a little bit about our journey on the ESG. And I move to Slide 
#17 wherein what you see is the sustainability roadmap which we are pursuing. And we have a 
clear long-term commitment to get carbon neutral with clear short-term goals as well. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
PUBLIC 
Now as Schaeffler India, we have taken up eight targets under sustainability which are visible 
on the slide here. So, the first target is on energy efficiency and where we have to get energy 
efficiency gains at an annualized gain till 2024 at 4 GWh. And we also want to ensure that we 
have entire chain becomes climate neutral by the year 2040. 
And all suppliers too, our target is to get 90% of the production materials that we source from 
our supplier have to be from sustainable processes and for that effect we have already completed 
the self-assessment last year. We will now pursue to take this to the next higher levels. 
In terms of fresh water supply, which is the fourth target, we have taken a target to consistently 
reduce 20% freshwater supply consumption until 2030 on a year-on-year basis. We have a clear 
target set out here and we have projects running to that effect. 
Talk about renewable energy usage and our target is to ensure that all our plants use 100% of 
the power that we buy has to be from renewable sources by the year 2024. We have various 
projects in terms of power purchasing through renewable sources, renewable generation sources 
as well as investing in solar power in our own generation sources as well as on projects to look 
at can we try to improve the energy efficiency itself in terms of energy usage in our plants. So, 
these are the projects that we have been pursuing and we will continue to sustain them. 
One other important element is safety of our employees on our manufacturing sites and clearly 
thereto we have targets where we saved a 10% average annual reduction in our LTIR rates of 
accident rates, as we measure by the year 2025, we continued to reduce year-on-year 10%. 
Talk about Diversity and Inclusion and we believe we have taken targets here as well in terms 
of gender diversity. And our target is to get 8% of our population, our employees working to be 
females by the year 2025. All of this resulting in all the four plants, Schaeffler India plants in 
India to become carbon neutral in their production processes by the year 2030. 
Now that said I would like to move on to the next slide, Slide #18 just to throw light on one of 
the projects under our ESG drive, under the Corporate Social Responsibility which we had 
started way back in 2019. And which is now started to deliver significant impact to the society 
and the community that we operate in. And the project being Jal Sahara which was a water 
conservation project wherein almost close to 180,000-meter cubes of water we have been able 
to conserve over the last three years since the time the project has started. And this project has 
now received accolades and recognitions from various agencies and various forums. And three 
of those I am showing here on the slide here. This is a big matter of pride for us here that the 
community and the society that we operate in, we have a responsibility, and we demonstrate that 
responsibility here. 
So, various bodies, be it the CSR Box or be it the CSR journals, or for that matter even the 
ASSOCHAM have all recognized for this Jal Sahara project. And we will continue to sustain 
this. To draw inspiration from this project we have now initiated two more water conservation 
projects, one near Hosur in Tamil Nadu and the second one near Baroda in Gujarat. Now these 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
PUBLIC 
two have been just initiated and hopefully we will see some recognitions coming our way from 
these projects as well. 
So, I move to Slide #19, and to sum it up we had a strong performance for the quarter across all 
the domestic business, yes, our exports moderated a bit in terms of the ongoing situation in 
Europe and the global demand softening. We also kept our focus on the counter measures that 
we operate with in terms of volume gains. And also improving the efficiency of our operations 
to deliver strong earnings quality which you have seen already. 
We will continue to keep the focus on investing in our capacity expansions at both our Savli and 
Hosur plants. And yes, the market and the external environment is pretty volatile and pretty 
challenging, however we will remain optimistic taking judicious decisions to adjust our sales, to 
stay on the course to get to the target so that we deliver the promised value to all our stakeholders. 
With that I come to end of my presentation. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Vimal Jamanadas Gohil from Alchemy Capital Management Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
My first question is on exports -- if I were to understand right given the fact that our entire 
exports come from the parent entity which has been focusing on bringing some of the production 
line in Europe to India to cater to markets in Asia Pacific and beyond. Now I understand the 
macro part which has been challenging. But the share increases of India itself should have led to 
some growth, which has not happened so if you can highlight what was the issue there? 
The second question is on the passenger vehicles growth you highlighted in your presentation 
that the production growth has been about 10%. Now if I were to look at our core automotive 
growth that has been pretty much in line with that but given our increase in content per vehicle 
our growth should have been slightly higher over there, because a large portion of our 
automotive is coming from passenger vehicles. 
And lastly if you can highlight what is the full year CAPEX that we are looking at for CY23 
including our expansion at Savli and Hosur? 
Satish Patel: 
Let me take your first and the last question. The first question is related to exports. Now let me 
give you a little preface as regards our export strategy as well as what all we have done for this 
business. We have the strategy of expanding exports. We are not only having our business 
exports with Europe or confined to Germany, but all the continents. As part of our strategy, we 
have significantly grown in exports; if you see our growth in exports for the last year that is 2022 
that was over 40% if I remember correctly, it could be even higher. Last year, lot many product 
relocations also happened as part of our strategy and that is continuing. 
On that level of growth, this year, despite the global slowdown of the economy we have grown 
in exports for six months by about 3%. Now the 3% growth that we have recorded for 2023 half 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
PUBLIC 
year, is on a very high base of 2022. In my opinion this growth itself is quite satisfactory however 
we have to also keep in mind that global conditions are not favorable. Germany economy is in 
decline by half a percent, negative. Western Europe is growing only at 1%. U.S. the market that 
we serve which is North America is growing at around only 2%. Asia is definitely growing. 
India is growing significantly, but also if I look at the Southeast Asia that is growing close to 
3.7% - 3.8%. And our business exports are in all the continents and therefore we have been able 
to record this 3% growth. Just to share with you that almost 35% exports are to Asia, largely to 
Southeast Asia: 45% to Europe and 10% to 12% to U.S. and 10% to 12% to China. Because of 
this mix we have been able to also ensure that there is a consistent growth. 
So, there were two significant parts of our strategy, first - focus on localization and relocations 
that has worked quite well, second - sectorial mix that is presence in all the continents that has 
also been helping us in order to sustain the growth. It is unfortunate that this year we have the 
economic slowdown particularly the global economic slowdown in Europe and therefore there 
is impact on our exports. 
Also coming back to our strategy of exports as far as our whatever localization strategy is 
concerned, that is on track. And that is going to further bring sort of some growth in exports. 
And therefore, we are of the opinion that we are on the right track as far as exports are concerned 
and focus on this business is concerned that also contribute significantly to our performance. 
And therefore, the strategy is very much intact. 
Coming to the third question I take first, which is I think he wanted to know about CAPEX for 
the full year. For the full year our plan is to and this we had announced in the last quarterly call 
as well as in the previous earnings calls as well that for the full year, we would have a CAPEX 
outgo of close to INR 550 crore so it would be above INR 500 crore; for the half we have already 
spent over INR 250 crore. We are on the right track. We have spent for capacity expansion at 
Savli plant, the new plant which got inaugurated in June is fully ready now. And that would start 
delivering the production, also for Hosur, the plant construction has begun. And for other 
locations, which are the Talegaon for automotive as well as Maneja for industrial business we 
are working on the CAPEX, we are working on the expansion and also having CAPEX there. 
Connected to that I also want to highlight one point that if you see our six months growth, we 
have grown in the operational area, which is production and capacity expansion, by 10%. Our 
trading is in decline, but manufacturing is increasing this also brings a better mix. And that has 
helped us retain profitability. And this has also helped improving the capacity utilization from 
the level of 77%, 78%, 79% to over 86% to 87% reflection of that, reflection of all of this is 
there that you can see in the quarterly results as well as the half yearly results. 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, Vimal to explain that there were two parts to the question that you asked, one being on the 
content per vehicle and second was our share or our growth with respect to the passenger vehicle 
sector. Let me put up some data points to validate that. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
PUBLIC 
If you were to look at based on the SIAM report, look at the first quarter and the second quarter 
production numbers, the passenger vehicle production numbers were 10% better than the same 
period last year. And if I were to compare that with the sales that we do obviously because our 
sales and their production is what we need to compare with. If you look at our sales to the 
passenger vehicles segment, we have also grown by 10% so we have not lost share anywhere. 
Let me now give another data point, if you look at the Quarter 2 in isolation, the Quarter 2, the 
passenger vehicle production was down 7% lower numbers than the preceding quarter, whereas 
our performance we have remained flat. We have remained at the same level which means we 
have sustained our growth; we continue to grow. 
While that’s on the passenger car let me draw a little attention on the commercial vehicles. 
Commercial vehicles, if you look at their production numbers, for the first half of the year it has 
not grown at all, it’s just about 1% growth whereas our business in the commercial vehicles, 
space has grown 22%, clearly validating that our focus and our strategy to look at growing our 
business in the commercial vehicle space is yielding results. 
Let’s look now at the tractor which is another segment. And here again while the segment 
production itself was 9% up compared at a half yearly level, our business was up 21%. So, all 
the key numbers and indicators are showing that we are doing pretty well in terms of driving our 
growth strategy in the autotech space as well. 
Coming to the content per vehicle, yes, I did say that for the gasoline engines and whatever small 
quantity of diesel engines that are being produced in the country today, all content per vehicle 
remains in the range of €50 which we still continue to keep the numbers. We are better there. 
We have not lost, the content per vehicle has not come down. What is helping us here is the 
improved growth in the commercial vehicle space is where the content per vehicle is much 
higher is where we are seeing good successes coming in. So, in a nutshell, on the passenger 
vehicle or the automotive business space, we have posted pretty good numbers compared to what 
the industry has actually done. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
In past few years there have been many acquisitions by the parent company in the industrial 
space including that of Ewellix and Melior Motion, so do we plan to introduce these products in 
the domestic market, or those products are already present here? 
Harsha Kadam: 
There were two major acquisitions that was done in our industrial division or industrial business 
one was the Melior Motion which happened three years back, this was into high precision 
planetary gearboxes which is going into variety of applications, particularly in high precision 
drive applications like robotic arms, be it in the industrial robots or even cobots for that matter, 
as well as some of the automation industry where the machine tool industry which needs these 
kind of high precision or ultra-high precision product. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
PUBLIC 
Now when the acquisition was made the company was already doing some amount of business 
in India, they did have a small trading operation, they did not have any manufacturing setup. 
And by virtue of the acquisition that we have made we now have integrated the local footprint 
whatever it was, it was an office with the sales team, they have been integrated into Schaeffler 
India’s portfolio. And now we have been aggressively driving the growth story for Melior. 
The same is the case with Ewellix, Ewellix as a company which was acquired is into linear drives 
and this is again focusing on the machine tool industry as well as the packaging goods industry. 
And we have secured quite a few business wins here as well. And the integration in India where 
again they have a trading office with the team is well underway right now. 
I must say that the local competence that we have been able to integrate comes with rich 
experience of the Indian market and the product knowledge and the application knowledge. So, 
we have integrated the entire team which was there by way of these acquisitions into the 
Schaeffler India team. And now we have taken over full responsibility. We have a clear strategy 
now set out for the next five years to go, start to grow these new acquisition businesses. 
Harshit Patel: 
Secondly wanted to understand our auto aftermarket segment a little better, what percentage of 
sales of this segment do come from own manufactured products vis a vis services traded 
products. I believe wipers, lubrication systems, batteries, that you have recently introduced all 
these would be traded products on the other hand shock absorbers, center joint support this 
should be manufactured by us, right. 
Harsha Kadam: 
You know our focus continues and will remain on our own manufactured products because they 
are the ones which really add true value to the end user as well as to our OEM customers who 
buy these products by way of the OES route as well. So, that said out of the total business that 
we do more than 90% of the business is towards our own manufactured product, less than 10% 
would be coming out of the white labeled goods that we do which are mostly traded. And I guess 
this equation will continue to remain the way it is because we will continue to invest and focus 
in capacities as well as in development activities when it comes to our own manufactured 
products. 
Harshit Patel: 
So, not plans to set up the batteries manufacturing footprint, right. This will continue to be 
manufactured by our partners. 
Harsha Kadam: 
For the white labeled goods our business model we like to pursue is to work with our strategic 
partners. And we work with them in terms of putting in the quality systems, in terms of 
validation, in terms of homologation. And we make sure that the products meet the performance 
standard and the quality standards of Schaeffler, but we will definitely not be manufacturing 
those products. But we will handhold and work with those suppliers to reach the expectation of 
the set standards of Schaeffler. 
Satish Patel: 
And also, just to add one comment that our core business, our core product portfolio of bearings, 
clutches and engine component we continue to focus on that. Our white good addition in 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
PUBLIC 
aftermarket business is actually in order to leverage our own core business reach to the market, 
because that helps offering the comprehensive products including the kit and the package, as a 
package we are able to offer to the aftermarket and that helps us actually growing the core 
business as well. So, white goods definitely enables not only the additional revenue, but helps 
actually driving the overall core business so that’s also one of the important reason. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Also, if I may add to what Satish just said, when we hear the voice of the customers and in this 
case or distributors where we have an extensive reach they too voice that Schaeffler is a strong 
in the marketplace and these are products that definitely would be adding more value to the 
customer and hence it will be good we offer them a portfolio of products rather than just stick 
with our manufactured products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question is on the non-auto business, just in the last few quarters there is flattening out 
there and you did highlight about the weakness in the wind energy business. But now with Savli 
expansion more or less ready and I think you had also mentioned about some products that are 
on taper roller side and the spherical roller side, could you give some sense on these new markets 
that you will be now trying to get into with this new production. If you could give some sense 
of what could be the opportunity there from these new products that you will be coming out with 
at Savli? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Okay, let me try and break the question into parts, I already talked about the automotive business 
we do see some sluggishness, still they are not out of the woods when it comes to the chip 
shortages. So, we will continue to watch, monitor the market and accordingly keep adjusting our 
tactics to be relevant in the game. 
Let me talk about wind since you are the first one to ask the question about wind, what we have 
seen is in the last four quarters wind was continuously coming down in terms of the number of 
equipment that were produced in the country. The Q2 was the first quarter and that too more so 
in the month of, some of it in May and the rest in June we saw a strong uptick in terms of 
production increasing, the numbers going up, which actually have helped the second quarter 
numbers to go up. 
If I were to just throw some data here, the second quarter, the number of wind equipments that 
were produced in the country was 16% higher than the preceding quarter. So, there was a strong 
16% uptick in terms of demand and our business to that effect to the wind sector was up by 31%. 
Obviously, the mix was helping us here as well in terms of the product that the customers wanted. 
So, we have been to leverage the bottoming out and turning around. What we are looking forward 
to is that this growth story continues to sustain, for that we will have to cautiously monitor for 
the next few more months to see if this trend will continue. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
PUBLIC 
And the last one was about the capacity in Savli where we are investing in some of these 
products, exports. Yes, as I said earlier and during my presentation the expansion of our Savli 
project wherein, we are bringing in additional spherical roller bearing lines, we are bringing in 
taper roller bearing lines as well as lot of facilities in terms of heat treatments, grinding and so 
on. These are primarily focused on the wind and some of it is on the raw material sector and the 
rest is for the railway sector that we are investing in. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So, the question was more relating to are these products that you are currently not catering, I 
mean segments that you are not catering to with these products and so it’s like a new market that 
you are targeting with these products within say wind or railway? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me clarify that, we have been catering to these customers by way of our imports, meaning 
manufactured in the plants outside of India, we were bringing these products into India and 
offering it to our customers. We have a clear strategy to increase the localization content, 
meaning that we begin to make those products in India rather than import. And we have already 
started to see the impact of that, our own manufacturing content in second quarter sale has got 
up to almost more than 76% already. So, clearly our localization is a key strategy for us, exactly 
in line with the government’s drive of Make in India. So, we have a strategy wherein we will 
continue to bring more and more products to be made in India and we also export them plus we 
feed the Indian market as well. All these days, some of these product lines we were entirely 
importing which we now want to make here. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And just one last one if I may squeeze in, you had mentioned about getting into bearings for 
electric two-wheelers, if you could give some sense on, is the content here much higher than say 
a regular ICE two-wheeler in terms of the bearing content? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, some of the application within the electric two-wheeler space would need bearings with 
different engineering specifications and it depends, some of them would not change in the 
specification, some definitely would change. So, bearings that go into hi-speed motors, 
obviously would require different performance parameters to be met with. So, that said, we have 
reengineered our products to fit or meet those specifications as well. And accordingly, and 
appropriately as bearings we have been able to position those which go into the high-
performance needs, we will be catering through those new specifications that we have come out 
with and some of the businesses we have started to already acquire. So, nutshell, yes, we have 
the capabilities both the engineering capabilities as well as the production capacities to offer 
such products even in the electric two-wheeler space. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Vora from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishi Vora: 
Just wanted to understand what the current business mix of our bearings versus non-bearings for 
us is. As well as within bearings how much of our revenues is derived from let’s say wheel and 
bearings, engine bearings, if you can give any color pertaining to that, that would be helpful. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
PUBLIC 
Secondly any comments on how the railway segment is doing currently. How has ordering been 
over the last two to three quarters and what are your expectations? 
And just last question on the electric two-wheeler side, so let’s say if you are supplying x content 
to ICE two-wheelers today, once the full transition happens to electric two-wheeler, how will 
the content, the overall because the number of bearings will be lower in electric two-wheeler but 
as you highlighted that because of high motor the specs would be different. So, if you could give 
any color around that, that would be great? 
Satish Patel: 
So, Rishi the content as far as our total portfolio is concerned bearings, we have 60% so out of 
total product portfolio bearings consists of 60% and other components which are engine, 
transmission solutions particularly clutch business and engine components consists of 40% of 
the product portfolio. 
The second part of our question was within bearings, which types of products we have, now that 
is detailing into some five to six major segments, and the detail would be provided by our IR 
head to you later on, because we want not to spend time spelling each out of the segments and 
how much is the mix. 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, like we had shared even in last quarter’s investor call, we have secured some wins even on 
the Vande Bharat trains that are now launched. And we will continue to secure new businesses 
on the new projects that the Indian Railway is driving. On the other hand, even the Metros which 
is fast expanding in the country, we are very strongly positioned there as well, we enjoy a very 
good market share there. 
So, overall, both put together, I just talked about our localization strategy where the inauguration 
of the Savli hall and the product portfolio that we want to manufacture one of it is also for the 
railways, we will continue to build on it. So, rightfully, we will be localizing a lot of parts for 
the railway which have been missing for some time. We will continue to do that more and more. 
And certainly, we believe that all the future projects that the Indian Railway is aggressively 
driving; we will be able to be a strong contender to play the game accordingly there as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Jain from Enam AMC. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Jain: 
Can you give some color on the two-in-one clutch which you have developed for EV OEM? 
What is the status of that? And is it a domestic OEM or an export OEM? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Unfortunately, I will not be able to share those details, it’s a confidential project, pardon me for 
that. But yes, it’s an important project for us, but I would not like to go into the details of the 
project at this point in time. 
Deepak Jain: 
So, in the last call you said that it’s a €300 million opportunity over 7 years period and 
commissioning will start from next year. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
PUBLIC 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, all I want to say is the project is well on track, correct. And we have a clear localization 
plan, yes. And things are working according to plan. So, as of now that’s the way it is, but we 
are on track. 
Satish Patel: 
In fact, we also announced the strategy, we did mention that as far as the transition into e-
mobility in India is concerned we would be ready early enough and we are happy to say we are 
ready early enough. 
Deepak Jain: 
Second is on this plant relocation, just some clarification, does it bring incremental revenues 
also or it helped margins? 
Harsha Kadam: 
It’s all inclusive actually. 
Satish Patel: 
The competence on the manufacturing it brings competence on the technology, engineering and 
also bring thereby revenue as well as the overall profitability. Well localization is always 
favorable from the cost point of view. In addition to that, also from customer service level point 
of view, because when you are manufacturing or having the localization you have the better 
supply chain, you have a better network and that helps increasing the competency in all respect. 
So, certainly it helps revenues, but it also helps in terms of overall performance. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, Deepak it goes without saying that if it’s in our strategy, obviously our strategy is to grow 
profitably so it cannot be just grow, it has to be profitable as well. 
Deepak Jain: 
And lastly any update on PLI? 
Satish Patel: 
Yes, PLI as we already announced that we have been one of the 70 - 75 odd  number of applicants 
who got selected out of over 200 applicants. So, we are already selected as the component 
champion for PLI Scheme. Currently the scheme is at the product approval level and there is a 
process which is very robust that government has set to approve the products and also to approve 
the entire process application, that is at that stage, and it is going on. So, considering the timeline 
it seems that next few months there would be that step completed and thereafter we will 
accordingly have further steps with regard to availment of things and this would begin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pramod Amte from Incred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pramod Amte: 
The first question is with regards to the localization drive you have taken, if you had to look 
three years down the line what this mix will look like imports versus locals, any thoughts on 
this? 
Satish Patel: 
Yes, so currently we have about 75% domestic production and 25% imports. And this was 
actually 70% and 30% in the past and has reached to a level of 75%-25%. Our localization drive 
continues and that is going to reach to a level of 79% to 80% so the mix also would improve to 
a level 80, 20, 10; that is the strategy we are on track currently. Yes, there can be slight 
adjustment to that either side, but overall, I would say we are on track and working on the 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
PUBLIC 
localization, so far, we have been able to successfully localize whatever projects and the products 
that we had defined in the strategy, and we are going to continue that focus also in the future. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Also, I think another data point is if one were to look at Q2 of last year our own manufacturing 
was about 74.5% which today is at 76.5% so literary we have increased our own manufacturing 
which clearly points to the localization initiative. 
Pramod Amte: 
The second question is with regards to your participation in the EV momentum, you did talk 
about two-wheelers, and I think in the earlier conferences on the cars. Anything on the bus 
electrification you guys are working on or you already have won the orders, because that also 
seems to be a government focus if it’s true, and which areas will that be? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Good question Pramod, right now we are focusing on the passenger vehicles and that’s where 
our focus is. We already have secured one business win which we want to execute. While we 
are evaluating and studying the commercial vehicles require some different technologies when 
it comes to power electrics and so on which at Schaeffler we are still missing in our portfolio. 
But nothing to stop us from going forward in the years to come, certainly I don’t see a reason 
why we cannot play the game in the commercial vehicle space also. 
Pramod Apte: 
And a related question is since you talked about this passenger vehicle win, will it have an 
influence on what you will import versus locally manufactured and what is the extent as you go 
forward, if there are you feel there is a good capability to do a substantial part local 
manufacturing for this? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Logically the right thing to do would be to manufacture in India, now that we, as you heard 
Satish talk about that we are one of the 75 champions that have been selected under the PLI 
Schemes, so obviously it is logically right that we make the entire product here. But then what 
we believe needs to be developed and should be here as well is the supplier base has to be there 
in place, the supply channels have to be in place, which is something we are working upon, so 
we will definitely move in phases and in stages to start to first import the product, but then start 
to localize in India as we go forward, that’s clearly in our plan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suraj Sonalkar, Asian Market. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Sonalkar: 
I had question particular to your wind business, you have given 16% growth for the market and 
31% for Schaeffler India, similarly is there any number for the growth in the international market 
for us? 
Harsha Kadam: 
No, I didn’t get the question when you say international, is it wind international you are talking 
about? 
Suraj Sonalkar: 
Like the export we do. 
Harsha Kadam: 
No, let me clarify then, our customers they manufacture the wind turbines, and they export it out 
of India. So, if you look at the number of wind turbines produced in the country, more than 80% 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
PUBLIC 
to 85% of the production of our customers is exported. We only supply to them within India, we 
do not export directly to the wind. So, in a way by default our products are already in the export 
market through our customers product. Hope I have cleared. 
Suraj Sonalkar: 
Continuing to this, I just wanted to understand in the European wind market, players are like 
GE, Vestas and Gamesa they have reported failure of turbines recently in last one year and there 
are significant warranty claims associated with that - to the component size. So, in any way are 
we impacted to that because we are a big supplier of bearings in that? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me clarify that, at this point in time the investigations are ongoing, but very clearly it has not 
impacted our business or our products in any which way so far. So, that’s a good thing, a positive 
thing that our products have not failed, they have been doing well. I believe it has to do with 
some of the supplier we don’t know which one is that, yet. 
Suraj Sonalkar: 
Does it mean that there might be higher opportunity for us in terms of replacement of those 
faulty bearings? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, I guess that decision is up to the customer to make, would he want to source it from 
alternate suppliers or would he go back to the same supplier to do a correction. The traditional, 
normal approach would be for them to go back to the same source, but we never know, but we 
are ready if opportunity comes, we will be ready. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukherjee from Bajaj Finserv 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Yes, so first question is I understand the mix between bearings and the non-bearings such as 
clutches and engine components, so my question is what component of your business is probably 
at a risk from the technology disruption in terms of the electric vehicle. Is it 40%, entire 40% of 
the business and if it is how are you trying to kind of mitigate the risk going ahead. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, as you said the 40% of the products that we make are going into the engine and transmission 
application as well. And there is what is also called chassis application. So, if I can clarify the 
first and foremost the chassis products definitely, they still continue to be there, there is no 
impact for the chassis application products that we make. 
Again, coming into the engine products, yes there are some products which would get phased 
out as and when the adoption of the electric vehicle technology comes in more and more. But 
when we look at the study reports, the research papers India is still a long way. 
What do I mean by that. By the year 2030-31, if you were to take out of 100 vehicles produced, 
the passenger vehicles produced close to 80 out of that 100 would still be using gasoline engines. 
So, it’s still a 15% to 20% adoption rate, that’s one data point. 
The second data point is when you look at the number of absolute number of vehicles produced 
in gasoline, it is not going to go down, it is going to remain flattish, because there is obviously 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
PUBLIC 
some organic growth happening. However, we do not rule off the possibility of electric vehicle 
adoption increasing provided a legislation change happens. 
In India a lot of things is driven by legislation changes and if that were to happen, then yes 
obviously there is going to be some change and that certainly would start to impact in terms of 
lower production numbers for us, for those products which go into the gasoline engines. 
However, we are also actively working already on our electric e-axle projects with one customer 
and now we have a few more RFQs which we are working on , this is exactly in line to secure 
the future that we are investing in. 
Another data point if I can put on the table is when you look at the value of product, the so-
called content per vehicle as I talked about earlier in the gasoline engines, ranging average above 
of €50 per vehicle. If I were to apply the same formula to an electric vehicle, the content per 
vehicle is dramatically higher for us. So, it is any which way we will look at it, it is a win for us, 
not to mention that the vehicles gasoline engine vehicles that are produced are still going to be 
on the roads, they are not going to be taken away. They are still going to be some aftermarket 
demand or play in the automotive aftermarket which is going to help us there. 
So, it is not like we are going to shut down the productions and what do we with the 
manufacturing capacities, obviously we need to still continue to feed the requirement, because 
as we see India still is a slow adaptor when it comes to the EV technology. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Just a follow up to that, what does it have impact on the margin implications for that, because as 
far as I believe your bearing components will have a higher gross margin, whereas the engine 
components in the chassis will have a lower gross margin. And as we move from more 75% to 
probably 80% localization level, that is also will help improve our gross margins, but from a mix 
angle bearing versus non-bearing, depending on the EV portfolio, how does it impact the 
margins? 
Satish Patel: 
It is very good question, but very difficult to answer at this point of time, because we are still at 
the infant stage of e-mobility right in India and to already envisage what could be the level of 
profitability I think that’s very difficult to answer. But coming to your portion of the question 
where you mention about the mix, it is not like that certain business in our today’s portfolio 
which is engine, chassis and bearings. Among them there are significant market variations. 
Yes, within the products yes, but not at the sector, at the divisional level. So, I do not think that 
even if we go to transitioning to e-mobility that would create significant change in the mix, 
because it positive or adverse or negative. So, it is unlikely from the mix point of view. But from 
the sheer margin point of view e-mobility it’s very early to comment. 
Additionally, I want to also provide a comment that in order for companies to switch to e-
mobility, lot of initiatives are undertaken by the government, one of them is PLI and therefore I 
always comment that PLI incentive or PLI benefit is not for earning profit or making money, it 
is actually to support transitioning to e-mobility. So, that investments are actually fast-tracked, 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
PUBLIC 
and also other sort of activities are undertaken so that you are breakeven point becomes faster. 
So, such initiatives are also going to help transitioning e-mobility even if from the profitability 
point of view e-mobility becomes challenging in the initial phase of the transition. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
On the debate between in-house manufacturing and outsourcing of the key components of a 
bearing and like cages of the bearings or something else, what’s your thoughts and what has 
been the trend for the last five years? Do you see more outsourcing of some of the not so non-
critical components going ahead?  
Harsha Kadam: 
I would say more than calling it non-critical, I would put it this way Mukherjee that as the 
capability to produce critical components in India of more and more suppliers are becoming 
capable, I see no reason why we should not be modifying the business model to source 
component level products and add more value in terms of the product and solution by way of 
digitalization and by way of embedded technologies. So, that’s where every big organization 
would move in that direction. 
In the past all of us were constraint that the capability of the suppliers was upcoming, but now I 
guess that’s maturing. As it matures and our supplier capabilities, they can make more and more 
precision engineering products at a component or within a bearing at a component level, well 
that’s the natural evolution of the business. And I guess that’s what we see happening in India 
as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this would be the last question for today, which is from the 
line of Saif Saurabh Kochhar from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kochhar: 
On the last concall you had highlighted about our export order book position which was around 
one years of orders and your target to reach around 20% of revenue from exports, right. So, any 
update on the same in terms of export order book now what stands at and target to achieve this 
20%? 
Satish Patel: 
Yes, well we might have just made a remark about particular percent but let me tell you we can’t 
say 20% or particular percent. What we can say is that we have the strategy of growing exports 
in two parts, one is the product and the second is the geography. And on both front we are 
working that’s what I specifically mentioned in my initial, there was one initial question on 
exports, and I had commented about both the aspects. 
And with that strategy we are quite confident that we would be growing also in the mix 
perspective. In fact, last year we had already reached a level of almost 17%, it is only because 
of these global economic conditions and particularly conditions in Europe whereby the demand 
from the market itself is impacted globally. And therefore, our exports are impacted. 
So, hopefully this is not going to going to last long 2024 I think the Europe economy is also 
going to grow on a positive side and that would help further reinstating the orders for those 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
PUBLIC 
demands, new demands and thereby we should be able to be again on track also from the mix 
point of view. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as due to time constraint that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar for closing comments. Over 
to you ma’am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to 
reach out to me at gauri.kanikar@schaeffler.com. We now conclude the call, thank you and have 
a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of Management. On behalf of Schaeffler India Limited that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability)  
Registered Office: 
15th Floor, ASTP (Amar Sadanand Tech Park), 
Baner, Pune – 411045, Maharashtra  
Contact Details:  
Investorsupport.IN@schaeffler.com 
Website:  
www.schaeffler.co.in 
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515 
 
 
