 
14th August, 2023 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                        
 
Scrip Code: 500201  
 
 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q1FY24 Results Conference 
Call 
 
Further to our letters dated 31st July and 9th August, 2023 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Results 
Conference Call for Q1FY24 held on Wednesday, 9th August, 2023 is attached. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
 
This is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
 
Ankur Jain 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
ANKUR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
ANKUR JAIN 
Date: 2023.08.14 
18:17:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited  
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. RUPARK SARSWAT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. ANAND SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. RAJESH MARWAHA – HEAD, SALES & 
MARKETING (BSPC) 
MR. S.K. SHUKLA – HEAD - LIQUOR BUSINESS  
MR. ANKUR JAIN – HEAD (LEGAL) & COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHIT SINHA – SUNIDHI SECURITIES & FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the India Glycols Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Sunidhi Securities & Finance Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities & Finance. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining on India Glycols Limited Q1 
FY2024 Results Conference Call. 
We are joined on this call with India Glycols management represented by Mr. Rupark Sarswat -
- Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Anand Singhal -- Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajesh Marwaha 
– Head, Sales and Marketing, Bio-based Specialty Chemical Division; Mr. S.K. Shukla -- Head, 
Liquor Business; and Mr. Ankur Jain – Head (Legal) and Company Secretary. 
I would like to invite Mr. Rupark Sarswat to initiate this proceeding with his opening remarks, 
post which we will have a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, thank you. Rohit. Happy to be here again with you all. Thank you for giving us the time this 
afternoon to give you an overview of how the Company performance has been. I know there is 
monsoon season in Mumbai, so I'll try and do a shorter presentation today evening. 
Coming to high level numbers in terms of business performance: 
Overall, we had quite a strong quarter, particularly from the point of view of profitability and 
margins. You see that our gross turnover is up 1.4%, net turnover is somewhat down 14.7%, 
largely because of certain low margin businesses from last year which we discontinued, which 
therefore helped the quality of the business in marketing. 
If you look at the EBITDA at Rs.106 crores compared to same quarter of the last year; it is up 
54%. Our PAT is up 85% for the same comparison. 
A combination of some of the actions that I spoke about, our EBITDA margin is 15.2%, up 697 
basis points and PAT margin is up to 7.4% as well. 
As I mentioned about the discontinued business, apart from that one of the things that we've 
spoken about before is the speedy installation of grain-based ethanol plants that has helped us 
mitigate the ethanol cost increases and saved us in some ways and part of the recovery in margins 
and good margin is because of that. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
So, talking about the business performance, as I said, continuing with that discussion, strong 
growth, PBT share, there's a strong profit growth, excellent EBITDA performance compared to 
Q1 of last year, largely led by the bigger segments of potable spirits and biobased specialties & 
performance chemicals. And you see EBITDA up 54.0% with EBITDA margins of 15.2%. 
Revenue I spoke about down because of discontinued low margin businesses. But potable spirits 
has overall seen good growth at 14.7%. Even in chemicals, some of the core businesses have 
actually shown decent growth. To an extent, margin growth over Q1 of last year led by portable 
spirits in particular, where EBIT was up by 97% and BSPC EBIT is up 73%. So, if you look at 
the EBIT margin percentages for the sector, which is 10.3%  
So, I was giving an overview of the performance and I understand that I was not that audible 
because I'll repeat a couple of high-level sentences. So, you see overall strong profit growth in 
Q1. So PBT including share of profit from JV is up 83.7% on a year-on-year basis. PAT at Rs.51 
crores in Q1 is up by 85.4%. Excellent EBITDA performance compared to Q1 FY23. This is led 
mainly by potable spirits and BSPC we've seen a good EBITDA growth about 30%. So, revenue 
growth as I said has come down by 14.7%, but it is mainly on account of relatively low margin 
business that we've discontinued compared to same quarter of last year. 
Portable spirit, however, has seen a healthy top line growth of about 14.7%. And in the core 
businesses in chemicals also, as I said, we've seen decent growth. And if you see our performance 
in portable spirit, EBIT is up 97.4%, helped both by top line growth but also importantly by cost 
mitigation of raw material, packaging, ethanol and so on. So, EBIT percentages for the segments 
are healthy, BSPC 10.3%, Portable Spirits 18.3% and Ennature Biopharma 24.0%. Within 
portable spirits, headlines were country liquor growth in UP and Uttarakhand, particularly in 
eastern UP. IMFL sales also, we saw a dip, but a lot of it was also because of sales channel 
optimizations to improve cash and collections. 
Coming to some high-level highlights: 
As I mentioned, we have commissioned the grain-based ethanol capacities which has helped us 
mitigate impact of ethanol cost increases. Ethanol international stock prices have continued to 
remain high for the quarter that we are talking about, however, I may say that in the last one, one 
and a half months, we've also seen significant softening of the future ethanol prices with respect 
to imports, which is good from our perspective, but it is too early to say whether the trend will 
be sustained. 
I may like to bring you back to some of the discussions we may have had earlier, is if you go 
back roughly two years, imported ethanol landed per liter was roughly Rs.35 a liter. It went up 
to well above Rs.60 a litre and it held there for quite some time. There are many various factors, 
green energy transition related issues in Europe, energy prices in Europe, countries wanting to 
have increased self-dependence on energy and therefore blending more crop factors and also the 
Ukraine war which is a big producer of grain. So, this is what led to a big challenge for the 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
business because our business particularly for chemical was largely dependent on imports over 
the last few years before they hit the price of Rs.60. But taking advantage of the Government of 
India blending program and encouragement to grain-based ethanol, we speeded our plans to 
modify, add augment capacity for grain-based ethanol which has allowed us to mitigate costs, 
but we are very closely watching the global ethanol prices. As I said, there has been softening 
over the last one, one and a half months and we'll see whether this continues. It will help us to 
in that case continue to import for our chemical consumption while continue to deliver ethanol 
that we make for biofuel sales. That will be good if it continues to see a correction to anywhere 
close to two years back. 
We have spoken about new value-added products and addition of some assets for making new 
specialty chemicals. So, we have commissioned part of that, a smaller one and we expect to have 
a full commissioning by year end. But this is a specialty business. It takes time because these 
are new product lines where the lead time to establish our product opposite customers is long. 
But we are working on product as well as business development work with several reputed 
customers. 
Ennature Biopharma commenced production of nicotine. One of the therapeutic plant extracts 
that we make at the capital side, doubling the overall capacity, and we continue to focus on 
branding nutraceutical range. 
For Shakumbari Sugars & Allied Industries Limited, you are well aware... I will leave, Anand 
maybe you can give a quick update. 
Anand Singhal: 
In Shakumbari Sugar in this quarter, we have got an additional amount of Rs.24.8 crores, total 
received is around Rs.80 crores against our deal amount of Rs.87 crores. Basically, we are most 
likely in the process of closing this transaction with the buyer. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Okay Thank you. 
A small milestone sometimes makes us feel good. So, we received the certificate from India 
Book of Records for the highest sales of any country liquor brand, which is probably in a year 
which is selling 1.63 crore cases in a year. 
A quick summary of how we performed in our business segments: 
Starting with bio-based specialties and performance chemicals: 
So, our Q1 revenues are at Rs.401 crores, which is down 26%. But our EBIT for Q1 compared 
to Q1 of last year is actually up at 41 crores, which is up 73%. EBIT margins are also looking 
healthy now at 10.3%, up 596 basis points. I mentioned about the impact on sales because of 
discontinued non-profitable sales. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
We've also made operational changes to bring down costs, which have primarily benefited not 
only specialties, but also the portable spirit business and we continue to look at other actions to 
reduce costs, we have more actions planned. 
The thing that we have been watching very closely is the price of crude-based products against 
which we compete. We do not necessarily compete for price-to-price. People do pay a premium 
for being a product, but I think the delta with respect to crude-based product as of now continues 
to be high, which is also putting pressure on our joint venture as well as our chemical product. 
As ethanol price gets corrected, as energy prices become better, we hope this impact will be 
reduced, but for the near future, we expect this broad trend to continue. 
As I said, grain-based ENA now available means that we have not been importing ethanol for 
our internal use or captive use, which has also helped us improve margins. 
And as I mentioned about new value-added chemicals, we continue to look at various segments 
which include oil field, brake fluids, exploring collaborations for green solvents, bio-based 
amines, etc., 
In the portable spirit sector, Q1 revenues at Rs.235 crores are up 14.7%. EBIT, there is a lot of 
recovery and also growth is at 43 crores which is up 97%, and the EBIT margin is also up at 
18.3%, which is up 767 basis points. 
Growth was driven by country liquor in UP as well as Uttarakhand particularly in UP and IMFL 
growth in Delhi, we are continuing to look at selectively new areas, new paramilitary business 
in Uttarakhand, Tamil Nadu and Delhi, helped by in-house manufacturing of grain, packaging 
material costs have also been stabilizing, which has been good, and the plan to continue to 
increase sales in other markets which is ongoing. 
As far as Ennature Biopharma is concerned, revenues up at 53 crores, margin is down by 3.3%. 
EBIT at Rs.13 crores and EBIT margins at 24%. 
I spoke about nicotine capacity, we are at wider customer base for nicotine and business 
development on value-added derivatives which will put us in a stronger position, and we're also 
focusing on building, branding nutraceutical range. 
I have given the overall kind of gist of my commentary. Now, I will request my colleague, Mr. 
Anand Singhal, to give you a summary of the financials. 
Anand Singhal: 
Just to give the brief Financial Results: 
The Company's income from operations is Rs.1,899 crores in the current quarter Q1 financial 
year '24, with an EBITDA of Rs.105.81 crores. The company has PBT of Rs.63.72 crores and 
PAT is Rs.51.14 crores. The Company has shown an EPS for this quarter is Rs.16.52 per share 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
vis-à-vis the Q1 of the last year, the Company achieved EBITDA of Rs.68.7 crores and PBT of 
Rs.34.68 crores, PAT of Rs.27.59 while the EPS for the Q1 financial year 23 was Rs.8.91 crores. 
So, as Mr. Rupark Sarswat has already given the presentation that overall, the results as 
compared to Q1 of the last year has shown a very good growth. Because most of the persons had 
already received the results, so that's why I have covered in brief. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead India Fund. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Recently, FCI has stopped selling grains to distilleries, which has led to like a significant jump 
in the price of ENA as well. So, sir, what would be the price of ENA now versus Q1 FY24 
average? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, let me give you another point. In the meanwhile, maybe Anand if we can get the numbers. 
Yes, we have read the news that FCI had stopped supplies. We are quite aware we believe of 
what is going on in terms of what's going to happen. So, the larger picture there is two things. 
One, the blending program of Government of India is going on as planned. The target for this 
year, if I'm not wrong, is close to 12% and I think we are very close to doing that. Don't hold me 
for these numbers, but broadly grain required for the future part of the year is broadly 1.5 million 
tons or something, but the stocks are of the order of 40 million tons. So, from whatever I hear is 
while there may be some bit of policy thing in terms of pricing, etc., which may have caused a 
bit of a holding in terms of grain supply. We are expected to see increases in bioethanol prices 
because the government will want to blend more and more. In fact, the target to blend 20% has 
been preponed from 2030 to 2025. Broadly, there is no shortage of grains and we believe that 
they will be made available. We see it as a minor hiccup, we don't see it as a problem from a 
strategic, time price perspective. I don't remember the exact numbers of the price, but we can 
maybe give you details later on.  
Anand Singhal: 
Initially earlier when the FCI grain we were getting, the open market grain price was around 
Rs.21.5 to Rs.22 which has now increased to Rs.24, Rs.24.5. While the government has also 
increased the prices of the ethanol by Rs.4.75 paisa, making it Rs.60.29 paisa. So more or less, 
whatever price of the grain has increased is now being compensated by the government by 
increasing the prices. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
And for the country liquor business, like there also ENA would be used, right, like given our 
huge volumes. So, like for that, like ENA how would be the change for ethanol? You have told 
that government has given this price increase of Rs.4.5, but there what would be the change like 
of ENA raw material? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
There of course, a significant chunk of the ENA used is also based on molasses, all of it is 
molasses broadly, I think that's my understanding. So that segment is relatively unimpacted by 
increasing grain-based ethanol prices. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Manish Pant: 
So ballpark number would be around 80% is molasses and 20% is being used from grain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
You summed up earlier that for the country liquor business, our raw material is molasses, we are 
not dependent on the grain from FCI? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Largely, yes. That 80% of the ethanol broadly that goes into country liquor is molasses. 
Anand Singhal: 
The entire FCI grain which we are getting is compulsorily we have to supply for the blending. 
Yes, we cannot use that ethanol for internal consumption. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Currently, FCI has banned the sale. So, has the ban not been implemented, can you put some 
thought on the same what is then the embargo created by FCI? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I started this discussion while Anand was looking at numbers, there is no official written ban on 
it is my understanding. There has been a little bit of a hold up because of some policy with 
respect to pricing and so on and so forth. I gave you an overall picture. That is my understanding 
of the stock versus requirement, which I think the stock position is very good. The amount of 
grain which you go into blending compared to the overall thing is minuscule. The government 
has been talking about still pushing for the blending program. I do not know. Have you seen a 
notice something which is saying there is a ban? I have not seen. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We have seen in many distilleries coming up with a notification that FCI has stopped the supply 
of grain. So, my point was that. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
You are right and as I said that it seems there is a bit of a policy thing on a few factors. It is true. 
We expect it to be resolved quite soon. That is the information broadly that we have. But there 
is no ban as such. It is true that for a short period not supplying, but we have not been served 
any notice as such that this is banned and so on and so forth. 
Saket Kapoor: 
As of now, we have been sourcing the grains but at the higher prices? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
 The moment the government says it is banned; the government will have to largely drop its 
blending program. So, there may be some issues, all of which I may not be completely aware of. 
We are thinking in terms of pricing, balancing, review of monsoon and so on. Obviously, 
government works in a sociopolitical environment. But the feedback that we have is that the 
broader picture is intact, some corrections here and there should be okay and I'm quite hopeful 
that is how it will be. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So just to clear it, we are receiving the government blending program which is in progress and 
they have raised the grain prices and to commensurate the same, ethanol prices have also been 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
raised and we are participating in the ethanol blending program. This is what the current situation 
is? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Except it is true that for some days supplies have been withheld, which we don't think of it as a 
ban, and the reason it is not a ban is from my understanding of the matter is the blending program 
is intact, the PM has been talking about the blending program even after what I think is a 
temporary hold on supply and the stock position seems to be okay. So, it's not a ban. There has 
been a hold up. In order to resolve it. One of the actions that Anand Ji said is to improve the 
pricing for blending. So, it is a very clear intent by the government. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Please repeat yourself what are you saying. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Stock position as a proportion looks fine. There is no as such official ban. Yes, there has been a 
hold up on supplies. The government is acting on several fronts, including improving final 
prices, as my colleague just told you. The government is completely on with this blending 
program. So, I am quite optimistic and hopeful that while there has been a hold because of 
internal review of some things, it's a bit of a speed breaker, it is not a dead end or anything. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That has resumed already the way you are saying that the hold which was there…. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
But we are expecting that it should be resolved soon. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That will impact our production numbers on the distillery front for this quarter as of now? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
It may to some extent. We had also stocks of grain, you can also buy some grain from open 
market, etc., for some other purposes, we also can run on molasses, we can buy molasses, base 
ethanol and all, we can also import ethanol. I told you that import prices are looking interesting 
now. So. whilst I agree there is a bit of a road bump and a speed breaker right now, it is too early 
for me to sound alarm bells for the quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We are again pursuing CAPEX on grain based. So, once we come to know about this kind of 
risk propping up, how confident are we on further CAPEX again on the grain-based distillery or 
do we have other feedstocks also, provision for further CAPEX? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Strategic decisions are not completely changed based on technical situations. So broadly, our 
plan is that we are also in touch with people. But what does happen is, supposing we feel that 
there is going to be some delay, supposing that's our starting point. So, with the CAPEX approval 
we have, my intention is very clear. We can always phase it out. 
Saket Kapoor: 
With this portable spirit numbers, there is also profit margins. How sustainable are these numbers 
on a top line of Rs.235 crores we reported probably the highest number in my nearest memory. 
So, are these numbers sustainable on ongoing basis or what should be penciling in going ahead? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Rupark Sarswat: 
For the time being, yes, we are on a little bit of high spirits on PS. Yes, they are good… and I 
think look, if you look at fundamentally, we have done a significant margin recovery, margins 
used to be quite good in potable spirits even before. So given the broad operating environment 
and the cost structure with some price movements may impact. I mentioned to you about ethanol 
cost stabilizing, I mentioned to you about packaging cost stabilizing. Of course, we are also 
taking actions to improve our portfolio in terms of margins, look at a few markets. Let me 
summarize it this way. There is no reason to believe that it is a blip. But if you look at data 
numbers earlier, we had a decline where our margins really eroded because of packaging, 
because of energy because of ethanol. Now, a lot of this improvement is on ground of top line 
sales, better product mix, better raw material cost, better packaging cost, and better energy cost. 
I don't see energy cost suddenly sharp rising again… I think they have come down from quite 
high levels. I think we are expecting packaging costs to be stable. We are not expecting huge 
movements in ethanol availability and cost. We hope we'll maintain our market. You need not 
fear, which is my perspective to your point is that I don't see that as a blip in this quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And a small point, what are our current utilization levels in the entire portable spirits currently, 
how are the plants? As you mentioned that we had closing stock of grades. As of now, what are 
our utilization levels? 
Manish Pant: 
So, I could tell you that we are running on 100% capacity right now still, though the FCI has 
banned this grain, but you must understand that whatever the grain we are taking from the FCI 
grain has to be catered to the ethanol blending program. Our ethanol blending program sales 
could affect for the time being, otherwise, we don't see any shortage in reduction of the capacities 
or shortage of the raw material for us in any segment. 
Saket Kapoor: 
On the Ennature Biopharma as you have told that if we compare it from the last year it has shown 
a flattish revenue growth but according to your product profile and your trajectory what criteria 
do we have as far as Ennature Biopharma is concerned? 
Manish Pant: 
For this Ennature Biopharma, our main two USP products like Thiocolchicoside and nicotine. 
The sales have been booked for the forward months also in advance and there is a stress, that's 
why the margin has not picked up in this year because of some sales pressure on the nicotine by 
international scenario. Otherwise, the third product which we are right now trying to envisage 
the possibility and we are having some breakthrough in the US market with respect to our 
branded nutraceuticals product like Ginger, Lutin and other products. So, we are expecting that 
the same scenario would continue for the next quarter, but after the next quarter, we are expecting 
a huge jump in our branded nutraceuticals product. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, sir for the year what should we penciling in from this segment when we did revenue closer 
to Rs.192 crore last year? 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Manish Pant: 
So against, last year of Rs.192 crores, we are expecting that our revenue would be around 250 
crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The margins should be similar to what we posted last year because of the improved value-added 
segment? 
Manish Pant: 
So, this should be in the in the range of 30% to be precise. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Anand ji, what is our net debt number, cost of funds? 
Anand Singhal: 
Average cost of fund is around 9.2% as of now. Regarding the debt number, our term loan 
outstanding as on 30th June is Rs.650 crores, EPBG is Rs.145 crores, apart from this, we have 
working capital fund base limit of Rs.350 crores and non-fund base limit of Rs.850 crores. So, 
this is all the debt. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is our current year maturity? 
Anand Singhal: 
Around Rs.175 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
A small understanding and a submission from my side is more in the investor presentation if that 
could be uploaded earlier, we would be getting some more time to review the same, if that could 
be looked into sir, it is submitted at the fag end of the call, hardly 30-45 minutes are left when 
the same is being uploaded. So please I would request the team to take care that ample time is 
given to us so that many questions which are there in the presentation already laid out can be 
negated out. 
Anand Singhal: 
We'll take care from next quarter onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ram Mohan Rao, a private investor. Please go ahead. 
Ram M Rao: 
I've been an investor for a long time in India Glycols. A simple question, on the premiumization 
of portable liquor, can you give me an update on the launch of new branded premium brands of 
liquor or increasing the reach of premium liquor into new markets? 
Deepak Satya: 
Sir Ram, this is Deepak here. On the premiumization front, our Amazing vodka is currently 
available in three flavors and they are spread across four states currently: UP, Uttarakhand, Delhi 
and Rajasthan. There are two more states which are in the pipeline. Having said that, we have 
also launched a premium White Citrus Rum with a name of Zumba Lemoni, it's again available 
in these four states. Rajasthan is currently under work-in-progress. Once the paperwork is done, 
we'll be launching it in the second quarter. And yes, our whisky has pretty much been well 
accepted in the states of Delhi, which is currently like as we speak, it's the fourth largest selling 
whiskey in its segment, that is a mid-premium segment. This is spread across the entire portfolio. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ram M Rao: 
What about nutraceuticals, are you getting into branding there as well? 
Deepak Satya: 
Sorry, I couldn't understand your question. Can you come again? 
Ram M Rao: 
The nutraceuticals segment. 
Manish Pant: 
Ram, we have already got some of the patents and the brand approval for some of the 
nutraceuticals like Lutin and ginger and curcumin and we are in the arrangement with some US 
firms to cater the US market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naitik Mohata from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
Naitik Mohata: 
We are launching a new product and there are a couple of capacity expansions that are coming 
in the latter half of the year. So, keeping all that in mind, what kind of top line could we look at 
the end of the year from the Company? The second question would be, are these margins that 
we have achieved in this quarter sustainable throughout the year? 
Anand Singhal: 
Regarding the growth and the margin, I can only give you this picture that yes, the performance 
of the Company will be good or better whatever we can say and the margin whatever you have 
seen in this quarter, we cannot commit for the next three quarters because there are so many ups 
and downs, but yes, our intention is to maintain the margins for the full year '23-24. 
Naitik Mohata: 
So, what would be the kind of scenario or basically what would be the factors that would enable 
us to sustain these margins and what kind of risk do you see for the same? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See, I have already articulated some of the factors which have led to this margin improvement. 
It will be better if you look at that and then I think partly it answers your question for the future. 
So, the reason you are seeing improved margin up to now is one, improvement in the quality of 
the business, discontinuing some non-profitable businesses, so therefore you see an 
improvement in EBITDA percentage, etc., Second, risk mitigation in terms of ethanol cost by 
making in-house grain-based ethanol. Third, improvement in some cases of the product 
portfolio, say in liquor or elsewhere, where we are selling products which are slightly better. So, 
none of these factors was an incidental one shot factor for the quarter. Now, as far as the risks 
are concerned, broadly, these factors how they play out over the remaining part of the year… 
and of course there was one more factor which was energy cost which have also suffered and 
packaging cost. Freight was another one for people. So, if you look at these four or five factors 
which have led to margin improvement, so we would imagine that they will not suddenly drop 
off the cliff. However, these very factors are also therefore something that we keep looking at 
going forward. I don't see a big issue happening with energy. In ethanol, there may be some 
variation, but fundamentally, we've set up our own ethanol manufacturing, etc., some cost 
fluctuation may stay. Also depends on suddenly ethanol prices for imported materials were to 
slide back anywhere close to what it was two years ago, it will be an upside in terms of our 
ability to manufacture our products as well as increase top line by selling more into biofuels. So 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
that's a potential upside, not a risk factor, but probably an opportunity factor. The other factor is 
how crude prices and crude-based alternative prices behave. It's not going to suddenly change 
because crude and crude-based prices are already quite low. In fact, if my understanding is 
correct, people who are manufacturing MEG, etc., are already under a lot of pressure and they 
are continuing to do because they have to continue to run their plants. So, I hope that will 
improve. But we do understand that while India continues to do really well, but globally there is 
a bit of a sentiment in the chemical industry, which is slightly cautious. So, I can't quantify what 
this will lead to. I have given you the factors which led to the improvement for you to see what 
you can yourself kind of extrapolate what will happen to those. And I've also articulated what 
are some factors that we need to keep an eye on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
So, my question is on this new CAPEX on the specialty chemical segment which we are doing. 
So, I think a few quarters back we had announced around Rs.50-55 crores kind of CAPEX and 
now this is additional Rs.80 crores. So, wanted to understand if this is in order to expand those 
capacity or there are completely new products and what sort of end user industry would be 
focused on this? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See, this is part of the same thing. I think we had announced the intent now, we made a more 
specific announcement to the stock exchange, I think that's how it is and maybe the number is 
slightly higher, Rs.82 crores. 
Rohit Sinha: 
So, we are seeing better visibility on those products or how basically we are considering this 
new CAPEX to culminate? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See, these products as you know, it's not like ethanol where the day you start manufacturing, you 
have a cost and you can start blending. These are performance application-based products. I can 
tell you that from my knowledge of the product pipeline, including products which are at an idea 
stage, we are looking at something like 30 products across several chemistry, of which, roughly 
10 to 13 products are where we have completed the lab work, more than half of them we've done 
pilot plant and sampling. That's one way. The other thing is we are working with some very good 
customers which are global customers, which includes Tao, includes Nobel, Lanzatech, New 
Park, includes Baker Tools, it includes a number of these names, I can articulate a few more. So, 
we are building that business. I am quite satisfied with the product and business development 
pipeline, but this is a business which takes time building, it's a knowledge-based business. It is 
about developing a number of customized products for people. As per our plan, I think we are 
more or less on track in terms of product development. Now, we are focusing more and more on 
commercializing and scale up and business development as the plant comes up. 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
If you make a product in the plant, we have to give samples, there is a gestation period, we work 
with the customers, there are internal approvals. So, it is relatively far more time-consuming. 
But I gave you a gist of the product and business development pipeline. 
Rohit Sinha: 
What sort of asset turn we can expect from this CAPEX at peak utilization time whenever all 
these products would be at a commercial license? 
Anand Singhal: 
The EBITDA margin we are targeting is around 15% to 16%. 
Rohit Sinha: 
On this 130-140 crores CAPEX is there, so what sort of revenue contribution -? 
Anand Singhal: 
This is for Rs.82 crores and we are not targeting a very huge amount of revenue in the first year 
'23-24. And depending upon the acceptability and the product development, then we'll target for 
'24-25. So, this year will be a nominal kind of turnover out of NSU, and then we'll decide. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Secondly, on the JV business, how things are now looked at, the kind of growth or any kind of 
guidance from Clariant we are getting there for FY24 numbers? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
On the JV, Q1 was much better than Q4. But it was not as good as Q1 of last year, mainly because 
of the delta I mentioned, on any petrochemical-based alternatives. So that pressure continues, 
but it is much better than what it was in Q2 and Q4 and we expect to continue to improve on 
account of a few things. So, what the JV is focusing on is one is increased exports where the 
EBITDA margins are much better. So, there is a pipeline and approval process that they're 
working on. They are also focusing on indigenizing some products which Clariant was importing 
and selling in India, and they're focusing on formulations. Based on this, our objective is and the 
way we look at is going forward is that last year was a tough year, Q4 was quite tough. Though 
it continues to remain somewhat challenging, but we'll continue to see steady growth and 
improvement. 
Rohit Sinha: 
And on the IMFL side, what is the current market share that we are getting there…have you 
gained anything during last quarter? 
Deepak Satya: 
To answer your question, you need to look at product-by-product wise. So, when it comes to 
different states put together, currently we are number 2 in Uttarakhand when it comes to the 
vodka segment, when it comes to the whiskey segment that is assortment and it’s associated with 
this in Uttarakhand, we currently hold number 2 position in that state, in that very price segment 
to be very specific. When it comes to. Delhi in vodka, we are currently the third largest selling 
brand in the state. When it comes to the soulmate whiskey in the Delhi market, in that particular 
segment, we are currently occupying the number 4 position out there. When it comes to UP 
where our brand has been pretty much well established over more than 3,000 plus retails, we 
currently hold premium position when it comes to the Tetra Vodka segment, which comes in the 
economy segment side. When it comes to the glass segment in UP, we currently hold number 3 
position in the vodka. When it comes to the whiskey side of it, we are currently like in the phase 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
of improving our width of distribution, so it would be too early to comment upon the market 
share because we are right now like 5th or 6th in the race right now. But currently the focus is 
all about like improving the width of distribution. In Rajasthan, currently we are in the process 
of introducing the brand in the market. So, we would not be in a good position to comment about 
the market share in Rajasthan. 
Rohit Sinha: 
So, given the price hike which we have got in country liquor from April onwards, so can we 
expect somewhere around 15% to 20% kind of revenue growth in portable segment for FY24? 
Deepak Satya: 
We are currently a bit bullish on the country liquor side of things because Uttarakhand market 
has also opened up a little bit. Previously, it was more from a quota perspective that okay, we 
were allocated certain districts, but now with the opening of market, we are expanding our 
footprint across the state. As we speak, we have seen a spike of about like 20% to 25% in our 
volumes on month-on-month. So, currently we are holding a run rate of about 1.1 lakh cases a 
month in Uttarakhand. And in Eastern UP, we continue to like to defend and grow in our existing 
market that is like Eastern UP, which happens to be the heartbeat of our operations. So, we are 
continuously like trying to expand towards the central side of the state and hopefully the volumes 
will continue to grow in the coming quarters. 
Rohit Sinha: 
One last question on this MEG side, I mean, how has been the spread recently, obviously from 
last 6-7 months, it has been continuously falling, but how it has been in the recent time and how 
is the domestic and export business we are looking at right now? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Can you please repeat your question? 
Rohit Sinha: 
So, on MEG spread, how it has been in the last few days I would say from July onwards and 
obviously since it has been on the lower side for the last few months, so how it is now placed? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Just hold on. What do you mean by MEG spread over last two days? 
Rohit Sinha: 
I would say from July onwards for this Q2 FY24, and overall, what sort of movement we are 
seeing on the domestic and export front? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So first, let me answer your question to bring in the more relevant aspect which I have kind of 
alluded before as well. Our bigger MEG play's profitable growth is not competing with Reliance, 
at least for it has not been for the last some time one year plus and we don't see it currently, we 
don't see in the near future, as I commented about the delta and crude-based alternatives 
continues to remain quite high. So, it is not so critical for us to think on MEG cost, movement 
of crude or any petrochemical player with respect to MEG because we are not selling against 
them anyway right now. 
Rajesh Marwaha: 
Initially my colleague mentioned that we moved out of certain markets which were low margin 
markets, one of the major markets was movement out of domestic MEG sales. So currently, all 

 
India Glycols Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
the sales are basically focused into exports, which is a green MEG and where we are not 
competing with the crude-based MEG pricing structure. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
I would however like to add is that over the last say, four or five years we have moved bio-based 
MEG from being almost a one customer product to something like pipeline of 20 customers 
which is good. Because of a drop of one big customer which went into recycled pet, it meant it 
impacted our volume quite significantly, but our margins were not that significantly impacted. 
So, in a sense, while we may not have seen an exciting growth in bio-based MEG, but I believe 
it is more resilient than what it was four or five years ago. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the conference back 
to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you, Rohit, and thank you all who joined us. I didn't realize that I would make a short 
presentation but would have a long set of questions. Anyway, that was our pleasure, it allows us 
to clarify things to you, also, give you a perspective on the business. Really appreciate the time 
of you all have. Good evening and on behalf of my colleagues, and also to them, a big thank you 
for hearing us out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sunidhi Securities & Finance Limited, that 
concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes.) 
India Glycols Limited 
 
Head Office 
2B, Sector 126, Noida 
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304 
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200  
Fax: +91-120-3090111  
 
Registered Office  
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713  
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand)  
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500  
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535  
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com  
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
