 
 
Regd. Office : 616, Tulsiani Chambers, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400021, Maharashtra 
Phone : 022 22828172/61090200, E-mail : corporate@patanjalifoods.co.in, www.patanjalifoods.com 
 
 
PFL/2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                 August 22, 2023 
 
To 
BSE Ltd.  
 
 
 
 
                         National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Floor No. 25, 
 
 
 
 
                         “Exchange Plaza”, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
 
 
                          Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
                          Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
                          Mumbai – 400 051 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500368 
 
 
                         NSE Symbol: PATANJALI 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q1 FY 2023-24 of Patanjali Foods Limited (“the Company’)  
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated 16th August, 2023 regarding audio recording of Q1 FY 
2023-24 Earnings call held on 16th August, 2023. Please find attached transcript of the Earnings Call. 
 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the website of the Company at www.patanjalifoods.com. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Patanjali Foods Limited 
(formerly known as Ruchi Soya Industries Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Ramji Lal Gupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above 
Ramji 
Lal 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Ramji Lal 
Gupta 
Date: 2023.08.22 
18:01:08 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 16th August 2023 will prevail
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. DHIRAJ MISTRY – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Patanjali Foods Limited’s Q1 FY2024 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. This conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not 
the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock Broking Limited. Thank you and 
over to Mr. Mistry! 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Hi! Good morning all. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all 
participants and thank management of Patanjali Foods Limited. We have with us Mr. 
Sanjeev Asthana – CEO of the company, Kumar Rajesh – CFO, and Chintan Kotak – IR. 
Without further ado I would like to hand over call to the management. Over to you Sir! 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you Dhiraj and ladies and gentlemen good morning. Thank you for joining us today 
for Patanjali Foods Earning Call for Q1 FY2024. I am joined by the company’s CFO, Mr. 
Kumar Rajesh, internal IR Mr. Chintan Kotak and Investor Relations Advisor, Strategic 
Growth Advisor, SGA. We have uploaded results and press release on the stock exchanges 
as well as on our company’s website. I hope everyone got an opportunity to go through it. 
We would like to touch upon a few key developments on the company and the industry post 
which we will have question and answer session. 
 
I will start with the commentary. Despite the negative macroeconomic environment in Q1 
FY2024 Patanjali Foods Limited demonstrated a sustained performance across all the 
financial matrices. Performance of FMCG segment has been particularly impressive. Our 
business is going through a tactical shift by focusing on the high margin FMCG segment. 
After the stellar performance in the last quarter in FY2023 we are on way to continue to 
build on our FMCG growth journey coupled with the expansion of our legacy businesses, 
and oil palm plantation business. As we navigate the ever changing business landscape it is 
our strategic choice to place a strong emphasis on several key factors to ensure sustained 
growth and success. First we recognize the significance of enhancing our product portfolio 
to be closely aligned with the evolving consumption trends in the country. Additionally, 
gaining a larger market share is vital and we aim to achieve this through a two-pronged 
approach of continuous innovation and effective distribution. Our focus on innovation has 
been a key driver of our success in line with the commitment to becoming a leading FMCG 
company of India. We have introduced several new products under our premiumization 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
drive that cater to the evolving consumer preferences in the last few months. We have made 
some launches and allow me to take you through the same. 
 
During the quarter we have revamped our nutraceutical offering and launched branded dried 
fruit products. Talking about a few more initiatives that we have, Nutrela is one of our 
strongest brands evolving as an umbrella FMCG brand for us. The brand extension has been 
initiated into millet-based food products and then Nutrela MaxxMillets sub-brand. The 
newly launched includes Ragi Choco Cereal whose pilot launch has received good response 
with nearly 15% repeat order and this is in just about in last 45 days we have seen in the 
previous quarter when the launch was done, so it is positive. The nutraceutical business, we 
have reworked on the complete branding of our sports nutrition products under Nutrela 
sports pack with better packaging and overall offering. The new launches comprise 6 
products with 19 SKUs. Our nutraceutical products include whey protein, vitamin capsules, 
hormone balancing products, collagen builder, orthocare and many other supplements. 
Nutrela Sports aims to tap into the surging demand in the Indian sports nutrition industry. 
We have entered into the premium dried fruit market through our launch of Nutrela 
MaxxNuts, which includes premium quality almonds, cashews, pistachio and walnuts. 
Through our strategic tie-ups with some of the renowned names such as Wonderful Foods, 
World’s largest player in Pistachio and Naryani Nuts amongst the largest players in 
Almonds and Walnuts. We are providing premium superior dried fruit product at affordable 
pricing. Our target is to clock revenue of 1000 Crores in the next five years for branded 
dried fruit category. 
 
Patanjali is a leading player in the biscuits industry that quarterly revenues of biscuits have 
grown from 276 Crores last year to 381.16 Crores this year with a 38.1% year-on-year 
growth. Last year in biscuits we clocked revenue of over 1200 Crores and we aim to cross 
1500 Crores this year. Further to drive a vision for our biscuit segment forward we have 
launched the premium range of biscuits of 7-grain, ragi and digestives along with the dried 
fruit box that we have done. 
 
Our new FMCG products offer consumers healthier options without compromising on the 
tastes while reinforcing the principles of Patanjali brand. Further it helps us market not just 
as a mass brand but also cater to a niche premium segment. Looking ahead our vision for 
the future revolves around transforming into an all-encompassing FMCG brand with 
multiple options to the consumers. As we embrace the multichannel growth approach we 
have set our sights on expanding beyond borders and especially to tap key international 
markets such as UK, US and Canada and Middle East. Moreover we will prioritize building 
a robust presence in the modern trade outlets, enhancing our e-commerce capabilities to 
capitalize on the growing online consumer base. By staying attuned to consumer needs, 
continuously exploring novel avenues and providing quality products. We are optimistic 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
that our offering shall have positive response from the market, improve the margin profiling 
of the company and strengthen our position in the oods and FMCG space. 
 
Further going to the next business, our oil palm plantation business, which is advantageous 
for the country and the farmers in the country equally. We have already planted nearly 10 
million palm saplings and are planning to plant additional 10 million plant saplings in the 
next three years and this is for the entire company. Currently around 40,000 farmers are 
associated with Patanjali in the mission palm plantation. In the coming five years we are 
expecting more than 4 lakh farmers will join hands for the mission oil palm plantation 
business. 
 
Before we talk about company’s performance, I am happy to share that we have delivered 
on a promise of meeting the minimum public shareholding norms as one of our promoters 
Patanjali Ayurved Limited offloaded 7% of its holding through an OFS which receives an 
overwhelming response from the FIIs, QIBs, global funds, HNI and the retail segment. I am 
highlighting the Q1 numbers for everyone. Total income stood at 7,810.50 Crores with a 
year-on-year growth of about 5.98%, EBITDA stood at 211.99 Crores with a margin of 
2.71%, and the PAT stood at 87.75 Crores with a margin of 1.12%. The export turnover 
was 162.45 Crores to 25 countries with a growth of 127.85%. The branded sales comprising 
of Foods and FMCG segment and edible oil stood at Rs.5,527.78 Crores, nearly 70.78% of 
revenue from operations. So overall in terms of the company’s growth for first quarter has 
been satisfying. First quarter result is after taking into account also includes close to 71 
Crores of expected credit loss provision on long aging debtor as per the Ind-AS, which will 
be reversed in the second quarter which has already happened. 
 
An overview of this segmental revenue, in Q1 the edible oil segment contributed 5,890.73 
Crores to sale registering a degrowth of 4% on Q-oQ basis, but our volumes we have nearly 
grown by 35% Y-o-Y, so it was on the lower price point the revenues dropped. The 
segment profit before interest and tax also witnessed degrowth on account of multiple 
headwinds in the edible oil segment and stood at 146.61 Crores negative as compared to 
positive 114 Crores in the previous quarter. The segment witnessed volume growth of 
35.80% as I mentioned earlier. In Q1 food segment contributed 1,952.46 Crores to sale 
registering an increase of 8.2% Q-o-Q with segmental EBIT 350.58 Crores from Rs.247.31 
Crores registering overall 41.76% growth. The segment recorded an EBITDA of 360.80 
Crores with an EBITDA margin of close to 18.48% despite rising inflation levels and macro 
challenges by managing the costs more effectively and proactively. 
 
Let us understand the performance of each segment and why certain elements came in this 
quarter. Our Food and FMCG segment is fully aligned to emerging Indian consumption 
growth to become one of the leaders in this space. The Food and FMCG segment has 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
demonstrated an exceptional growth making a significant contribution of nearly quarter of 
the company’s revenue at 24.84% of our total revenue, this is against 22.7% contribution 
continues to show a growth trend. This growth can be attributed to several factors such as 
established brands, ability to expand into new markets both domestically and 
internationally, and unwavering loyalty to our customer base. The segment recorded an 
EBITDA of 350.80 Crores with a margin of 18.48%, which I have already mentioned. Our 
biscuit business has experienced strong growth in volume and value terms, clocked a 
revenue of 381.16 Crores with 35% growth and 12% growth on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Our marquee brands like Doodh biscuit recorded ~225 Crores sales in the quarter, this is up 
nearly 35% year-on-year. Our Nariyal biscuits achieved 29 Crores which is up 84% year-
on-year and set to become Rs.100 Crores brand within this year itself so that the biscuit 
segment has been growing very impressively. Maintaining the momentum, the acquired 
food business generated 1,354 Crores of revenue with an EBITDA of 19.66%. The key 
product such as atta recorded a growth of 40% Q-on-Q, kesar, medicated juices and dried 
fruits grew by more than 25% quarter-on-quarter basis. On a sequential basis nutraceutical 
business picked up stream and generated decent revenue of 62 Crores. The company is 
aiming to have its nutraceutical business to be closer to 2,000 Crores in the next five years 
that we have lot of tasks that on hand to continue maintaining the growth momentum that 
now had started gaining traction. 
 
The edible oil segment is the one which is important in this quarter for the reasons on the 
slippage in the income. It contributed to nearly 75% of our total revenue. Despite a 4% 
decline in edible oil income the year-on-year growth due to lowering of prices it has 
happened. We have seen strong volume growth of 35% year-on-year. This quarter our 
volume increased by 1.4 lakh metric tonnes compared to last quarter and stood at 5.5 lakh 
metric tonnes. Our premium oil volume grew by 93% to 5,700 tonnes and our monthly 
edible oil volumes are the largest ever we nearly did 1.5 lakh tonnes of volumes. The edible 
oil industry is known for its volatility, it poses certain unpredictable challenges, a 
significant influence by multiple macro factors, which has led to be with India, but includes 
geopolitical situations, wars, seasonal behavior, the monsoons and global markets. 
 
I am just explaining what exactly occurred in the edible oil segment. In the month of April 
and May the cash and futures price on BMD, and the overseas exchanges where we hedge, 
the Oil and Oil Palm and Soya Oil markets were moving very much in tandem and in line. 
However, in June the price movement between the cash markets in India and the futures 
prices were very divergent with the future prices outperform the cash prices by almost 12% 
to 14%. To give you a flavour on May 31st , 2023 which was the beginning of the month the 
futures market as we saw was $725 in palm and soya it was $850. A month later the Palm 
prices from 725 moved to almost $855 and Soya prices moved from $850 to $1,040. 
Whereas the physical prices in India palm was Rs.80,000 a tonne it just moved to Rs.83,000 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
a tonne, soya it was Rs.82,000 a tonne it moved to just Rs.90,000 a tonne, and sun which 
was Rs.81,000 a tonne it moved to Rs.86,000 a tonne. So what occurred was that the normal 
gain against the hedge which should accrue on the physical positions in India actually did 
not accrue as much, but the futures prices on account of the hedges that were taken because 
there was a drop in prices of overall almost 10% there we lost money on the futures prices. 
So this has been one of the major reasons in terms of the factor, which has had an impact in 
terms of the oil we have. We kept turning our position in terms of the good systems, good 
practices that ought to be followed, and this has an impact both in terms of the book losses 
as well as in the mark-to-market carried forward losses that we had to face. From July 1st , 
2023 onwards the markets have been relatively normal as far as Palm prices are concerned; 
however, the prices have moved in tandem with almost 2% down on both the platforms. 
Soya prices have been erratic with CBOT pricing nearly 6% and the cash prices in India 
remaining pretty much flat. The company continues to strategize on an ongoing basis. We 
move our positions around to keep aligning it to the marketplaces. Our risk management 
systems are very robust and very strong. We build up the hedges as and when the market 
goes up the company has maintained a hedge ratio of nearly 30% on the overall position 
and we continue to remain confident that what is occurred in Q1 would get neutralized over 
the next three quarters and the business has to be within those lines. Our oil palm plantation 
business which is largest in the country is also performing exceedingly well. The total 
revenues have been almost 278 Crores with EBITDA margin of 15.44%. 
 
During the quarter we signed MoU with government of Telangana for establishing an oil 
palm integrated part with the seed garden, R&D center with state-of-the-art palm oil 
refinery. Also we have set up 11 new nurseries which have been set up, 8 has been in North 
East and three in rest of India. There is a 30 tonnes per annum of oil mill expansion plant at 
Peddapuram, Andhra Pradesh continues to be at pace and it has been headed over for 
operations. The way the business structure it is positive for the company’s future with 
almost consistent annuity business with a healthy margin. 
 
I am coming to distribution now. Our multichannel distribution network expansion is 
crucial to our growth by expanding our reach we are catering to more consumers and 
continue to improve our market presence. Looking ahead, we are poised to embrace the 
promising consumption growth story of India propelling us towards future of unparalleled 
success. Our strategic vision is very much around sustainable EBITDA expansion, laying 
the foundation for robust financial growth and stability. To achieve this, we are committed 
to driving premiumization drive in our consumer businesses catering not only to the masses 
but also capturing the discerning classes and the emerging middle class in India, which is 
looking for premium offering. Furthermore, we recognize the net position of the oil palm 
segment and in the steady state. As a significant driver of growth the segment presents an 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
opportunity to capitalize on market demand while contributing to the overall sustainability 
of our operations. 
 
I am coming to the last one minute. Our commitment to sustainability remains unwavering. 
We continue to prioritize environment friendly practices throughout our operation and are 
dedicated to minimize our impact on the planet to afford such as use of wind power, water 
harvesting, and reuse cycle while delivering high quality products to consumers. As a 
company we have got ambitious targets and over the next five years they have been laid out 
in multiple different calls in earlier years. In terms of margin profile our aim is very clearly 
that 80% of our income should be derived from our Foods and FMCG segment, which we 
are working diligently to accomplish. Let us open now the floor for the Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will 
take the first question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions in the beginning, what is your 
near-term Palm Oil outlook and do you think we will get benefited going forward because 
the inventory days will get depleted very soon? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
In terms of the outlook the markets have tended to be more aligned now and it is gaining 
traction in the domestic market. We are heading into the festival season in normal times in 
both the demand there is an uptick as well as the demand side tends to sort of give support 
to the prices, so I am expecting that the prices would tend to benefit and in the Palm Oil 
segment we are already witnessing a surge in industrial uses because the Diwali demand 
typically the festival season demand tends to be advanced by nearly 45 days, so we are 
expecting the market to improve and so that is one part. The second part in terms of the 
outlook the market tends to follow a lot with a cue from the larger edible oil complex itself, 
which is Soya and Sun also and we will have to wait and watch in terms of how the palm oil 
prices goes, but for us what is important is that the markets have to move in tandem in 
terms of both the futures and the physical prices in India, so it should be positive and it is 
gaining substantial alignment as we speak now. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just one follow-up do you mean to say that the price will remain inflationary or move from 
here up? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is exactly what I am saying, that the futures market in BMD as well as in the cash 
market the market is tending to get better with the festival and seeing festival demand. So 
yes prices should start to look up. 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So directionally it should help us in Q2 onwards to improve our scale and also the margin? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes, the driver that I was mentioning earlier that since you asked the question the edible oil 
business typically has to be seen in a longer-term continue because there would be sort of 
windows in which or a period of instability in the global market and because of the 
accounting norms and the reporting that we have to do quarter-on-quarter, so many times 
that you have to account for both in terms of the mark-to-market that gets accounted for, but 
tends to even out over a period of time. So certainly, in Q2 it should be better than Q1 and 
we are expecting the demand continues to work on. I think we should do significantly better 
results that we should see in this quarter. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second and last question on the biscuits and confectionery and on the premium dried 
fruits. So would you be able to strip out what is this specific growth you have seen on 
quarter-on-quarter in these two businesses and when you mean to say that the scale up of 1 
million do you think these are the primarily top outlets we are covering or we are scaling up 
across Tier-1 and Tier-2, Tier-3 markets also? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So two parts to answer this question. We have seen a very robust growth, so compared to 
last year we almost saw 38% growth and the revenues this quarter as I mentioned are 381 
Crores versus 276 Crores last year and they grown 14%. So we are seeing a very strong 
growth across the range of biscuit offering that we have and the surge in demand for 
specific brands within that like Doodh biscuits and Nariyal biscuit, the new launches that 
we have done are also gaining traction, which is of course very early, but we are seeing the 
repeat orders. It is driven by two core strategies that we have, the one is on the distribution 
expansion, so several sort of spaces which were almost white or less covered that coverage 
continues at pace. So a lot of it in smaller terms and the focus is lot more while urban areas 
tend to have a very solid demand, but we want to expand that and the mix of offering that 
we have for the urban areas especially the larger cities is undergoing a change and which is 
what the core work is right now going on and the mix of, for example premium biscuits that 
we have offered the biscuits within our portfolio we tend to have a larger consumption 
pattern in the urban sort of areas, that this focus is going on in terms of expanding a 
distribution to urban areas. So the idea is that our margin on the biscuits business were 
about 10.5%, the idea is that we move up the margin construct of the biscuit business by 
higher price point product and more sort of brands which are appealing to the consumers we 
are looking for that option so that is one part. On the dried fruit side Patanjali is already 
doing the dried fruits. We are working right now on a strategy to give a premium offering 
on the dried fruits as well as the mass market side and continue to evolve and develop it in a 
way that the offering is more like this because we are witnessing a strong growth across all 
the segments. So we working on supply chains as I mentioned that we tied up with very 
large sort of suppliers and the US we are looking at more suppliers as they are coming on 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
stream and building up supply chain capabilities and we are offering the launch we have 
already done with the Nutrela MaxxNuts so that you will see on the shelves now and we are 
pretty confident that this category will be one of the larger categories that are going to 
expand the range by offering the quoted offerings and flavours we are looking at dates to be 
added very quickly to the portfolio. So we are pretty confident on dried fruits as a category 
within the foods for a longer-term sort of growth momentum. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you and all the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Akhilesh Bagri, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Initially I would like to congratulate you and the team for a 
very healthy performance on the Foods business, but unfortunately this edible oil business 
seems to extend a lot of volatility in our numbers, so I wanted to get your thoughts on what 
synergies exist between the edible oil business and our foods business and whether these 
businesses could be separated going ahead because every now and then in some quarter or 
the other this business may take away the attention from the performance of the Foods 
business? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is a great question and I just want to highlight that edible oils as a business is a good 
business and because of the reporting the sort of timelines that the companies have to 
follow every quarter end, which I sort of spoke during the call also, so many times there is a 
lag between how the markets response and where the markets are headed. So for example 
that the prices are rising, the domestic and there are three elements to the way prices 
operate. One is the domestic Indian market prices that we have, second is the international 
market the physical market from where almost 70% of country’s requirements are imported 
and third is how the futures market being. Because of the lag in the sort of timing of each of 
them there might be windows in which the market may give you a shock, market may sort 
of tend to give you a lower sort of margin or also maybe in a negative sort of performance, 
but it evens out over a longer-term window always. So as I mentioned in my call that the 
performance of Q1 will certainly tend to even out. We are pretty confident that we will meet 
the objectives that we set out for the edible oil business, but coming back to the more 
important question that does it fit into our food businesses strategically, it does very well 
because there are two parts. There is a lot of commonality of distribution that we have in the 
urban areas while lot of oil sells to kirana stores and sells to B2B, but 80% business of ours 
is almost in the branded form and most of the brands are selling through where India 
consumes whether it is a modern trade, whether it is e-commerce in a smaller way or it is a 
kirana stores or multiple different channels through which the oils are selling. So there is a 
lot of synergy that we have between the two and both in terms of the return on capital that 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
the business generates in terms of cash flow that it sort of allows us the strength company 
has and the way we have been growing because there is a lot of consolidation which is 
happening as well. So our growth momentum in volume terms of nearly 30% plus that you 
have seen typically Indian market is going between 3% and 5% occasionally, which means 
that we are taking the share away from smaller players, so this will take some time, but this 
consolidation in the longer-term will be very helpful for company’s longer-term growth 
momentum. So I feel that not only should we stay with the business but we should continue 
to expand and make it a more predictable one. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Thank you for your answer. Going on the same topic could you also elaborate between the 
linkage between our Oil Palm business and the Edible Oil business as follows, how much 
percentage of the overall edible oil business is from palm oil and as on date how much 
percentage of the palm required for that business are we getting from our own cities and our 
own palm plantations? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Oil palm plantation currently if I were to do the numbers we get about 10% from our own 
oil palm plantation that we have in the edible oil segment and going forward in the fullness 
of time when we have the entire 0.5 million tonnes planted I am expecting that nearly 70% 
will come through our oil palm plantation business of the palm oil requirement. Now, why 
is it critical that we sort of the integration of the two businesses is important that not only on 
a standalone basis the oil palm plantation is a consistent generator of between 16% and 18% 
of EBITDA, but when you look at the synergies of directly servicing our domestic 
requirement, there is a lot of value integrating that the refinery business, then the consumer 
business, the branded business or how it sells. So the vertical integration in a lot of ways 
brings in added efficiency and added value for the company. So both the things are very 
synergistic, standalone oil palm plantation businesses in India certainly will struggle and 
while they may make margin, but their ability to leverage the margin for expanded growth. 
On the overall business itself will always be limited as a standalone player. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Will it be fair to say that as more and more share of the palm oil business comes from our 
plantation, the volatility in our overall business would also reduce because you would have 
a certain cost ways for the Oil Palm Plantations which will not be as volatile as the Palm Oil 
prices are every quarter and every month? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is correct, but I just want to highlight one important point. So to your first point 
whether it will reduce the volatility and otherwise absolutely, but the way business is run 
that the higher the oil palm prices the better of it is for the oil palm business which may or 
may not necessarily be very good for the edible oil segment. So having said that, in general, 
I would expect that the more we have the predictable the domestically sourced palm oil it 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
will have a significant value add for the company because will be less exposed to global 
uncertainty and it will assure on an integrated basis much better margin construct. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
This 70% figure which you mentioned is that possible by FY2027 or by when are we 
targeting? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
By FY2027 this will have actually gradual increase every year, but this should take almost 7 
to 8 years before we can expect 70% of Oil Palm Plantation to start coming in, it will 
probably be closer to 55% in year 7 it will build up, but in year 10 onwards it will be nearly 
70%. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Bharat C Shah from ASK 
Investment Managers Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat C Shah: 
Sir, continuing from the previous question strategically how do we say long-term the 
construct of the edible oil business, what kind of likely growth rate margins in a more 
normalized basis that should prevent, I understand that last year is being a particularly 
unusual period, second quarter of the last year and through that period even till last quarter 
the picture is being somewhat volatile, but on a more normalized basis how do we see the 
long-term construct of the business, what kind of margins, what kind of growth rate for the 
industry and what kind of the growth rate for us, and therefore what kind of return on 
capital employed in a more normalized basis we expect? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I will start with the last question first in terms of return on capital employed. It is a good 
business because they are nearly 6 to 7 tonnes we can take on the working capital 
deployment and the business at 3% with 7% is nearly 21% return on capital employed, but I 
would say that let us take it at even 3% and 6%, it is about 18% return on capital, which is a 
good business to be in, and that is what I repeatedly sort of said before also that edible oil 
business in a particular quarter on absolute terms may give a shock once in a while and may 
not be consistent because of the way the reporting is done, but overall from a return on 
capital, from the distribution structure that is in place, from the opportunity of a steady cash 
flow that it provides and our longstanding strength in this business for long legacy of 
erstwhile Ruchi Soya and now Patanjali Foods, the consolidation in the industry because of 
the larger working capital sort of requirement, the edible oil business has, the need for brand 
and distribution having large deals, etc., there is a consolidation which is being witnessed in 
the edible oil space that tends to help all the larger companies and we are also beneficiaries 
of that which is reflected in the volumes that are there. Coming to the growth rate of the 
industry in general, the growth rate has been between 3% and 5%. There have been 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
occasional windows especially during COVID times when it was flat to marginally 
negative, but overall I expect with the growth in country’s population, the current place at 
which India is placed on the average consumption per capita and the way we have got 
examples of US which is of course very evolved and development, but if we were to take 
China as well and there is a substantial sort of headroom for growth in the edible oil 
segment and we wish to grow and we are not growing by volumes and the cost of profits, so 
we want to keep the pace on the volume side and which is why you would notice that the 
longer-term revenue projections and all that we are neutralizing the edible oil revenues and 
only looking at the volumes and ensuring that our FMCG businesses are the ones which are 
focused in terms of the revenue growth. The margin construct, as I repeatedly said this 
business is good for between 2% and 4% of margin and in a good quarter it can be 4%, we 
were not up to 8% and 10% also, but those are outliers consistently for two years and the 
markets where on a growth momentum overall worldwide we also benefitted and there have 
been periods when the market we lost money also, but overall basis it would be safe to 
assume that in a year’s time between 2% to 4% is a good number to go with and even this 
quarter the change that you saw and a drop in margin we are reasonably confident of 
covering it back during the year. So I would only urge the way we look at businesses that 
we would work on the strategy not by the quarter end sort of numbers what are coming out 
but ensuring that the predictability of margin over a period of time has ensured that we do 
not have any major shocks in how we manage the business. 
Bharat C Shah: 
I was looking it over last 11 quarters of the margins so what you are saying is right, last 
year second quarter was the one which was a huge shock where the margins were badly 
impacted in the negative and the first quarter of the current year has been a second period, 
so in the eleven quarters that I have seen that has been the case. I presume this last one year 
probably is more unusual and on a more normalized long-term basis this kind of high 
frequency fluctuation probably is not a normal character of the business am I right in 
understanding that? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Yes. That is absolutely right. The last year Q2 was unprecedented. It was nearly sort of it 
happened after three decades this kind of volatility which was not witnessed before and all 
the global players, the best of companies globally, the largest company in the world, that the 
shock in terms of the way markets reacted and it was very little in control with the 
companies that have had, the actions on regulatory actions in Indonesia, the war in Russia-
Ukraine, etc., it happened. Even this quarter is a pretty exceptional because with the pace 
that with the future market sort of tended to move up and the domestic markets on account 
of supply and demand at a lag this happened, but I would say that these are more instances 
of certain windows in which this may occur but in normal course over three years we would 
have seen company’s performance like Patanjali Foods itself that we did not have any 
particular quarter which there was such an unprecedented change in the markets moving in 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
very divergently compared to each other. So there tends to be some bit of correlation. The 
correlation in certain windows is very strong, in other windows is less strong, but that is a 
part of the science of managing the business and also the art of managing the business and 
the experience that comes in. So we feel pretty comfortable in where we stand right now 
and it is reasonably comfortable to say that by the year end we should have normalized with 
first quarter results and should be pretty much on pace for the growth plans that the 
company has. 
Bharat C Shah: 
Which means, if we have to make a long-term kind of a model of the business then industry 
growth rate about 3% to 5% our records and our ambition is to do better than that, so maybe 
presumably 5% to 7% will that be a fair number for our growth rate? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
That is right. 
Bharat C Shah: 
If it is 5% to 7% growth rate with the margins only ranging between 3% to 4% in tricking 
the other fiscal 2021-2022 which of the quarters that I saw the margins were in excess of 
4%, so let us say we take 3% to 4% kind of a margin and with a stable over a period of time 
some amount of the improvement therefore return on capital employed at certain times done 
should be somewhere in the vicinity of 21% to 20% will that be a kind of a fair summary of 
long-term future plus and at the fair rate we will be integrating our own palm oil more and 
more into the mix and therefore even if there is some volatility at some stage will be 
corresponding neutralizing factor in the internal palm production. So relative more stability 
going forward and margin construct in the ROCE in that range is that a kind of a picture we 
can kind of build into the model? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
You see that will be the fair reflection of the numbers and we are pretty convinced that and 
the much as convinced. The business has intrinsic value for players we are large, for players 
we have got distribution with infrastructure that we have built over a period of time and the 
inherent nature of the business. So the 21% return on capital margin construct of anywhere 
between 2% and 4% you are saying 3% is the midpoint that is reasonable assumption to 
make and the integration of the palm oil business especially with the oil palm plantation 
progressively as we go forward is going to benefit the company immensely and this is 
something that we are striving for as well to bring about that to develop predictability that 
you speak about in terms of the business model. The only thing I would say here the caveat 
is that there might be windows in which a month or two months or three months, one 
quarter in a year which would give us some divergence in terms of the predictability and 
like an FMCG segment will give us a change and which we have to deal and manage. I 
think that is the only part I would say, but overall in a year’s time that if you look at a 12 
months window we should be pretty consistent with what you have just now said. 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Bharat C Shah: 
One last question. While talking your voice was not very clear so I did not probably fully 
understand, but you mentioned that there were some 71 or 72 Crores of credit losses and 
which have been reversed in the current quarter is that what you say can you explain that 
little better? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So what happened was that on account of the Ind AS standard that out of debtors we had to 
take 71 Crores of expected credit loss in the books, so our actual P&L should have been 
higher by 71 Crores, but because of this reason of Ind AS and the regulations we had to take 
that into account. So that was just an accounting entry that had to be done in the quarter end 
which has been reversed in this quarter. We are expecting the change to be nearly between 
63 and 65 Crores which has already written back in the books of accounts in this quarter. 
Bharat C Shah: 
It was ECL based on Ind AS that you written off? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes. Just I would like to clarify it. As per Ind AS requirement we have to define the defined 
credit policy for the customers and we have defined in the books a particular credit period 
for our customers and you can say the payment has been received slightly delayed by two or 
three days, not on June 30th, 2023 that is why as per Ind AS requirement we have provided 
the expected credit loss. This payment has been received in the month of July itself and we 
are going to reverse it as per accounting standard so this is the fact. 
Bharat C Shah: 
Thank you Rajesh. Thank you Asthana. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. We will take the next question from the line of Kuldeep Gangwar from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Just regarding this credit loss, recovering that number it will part of other income or any 
other line item? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
This is right now included in the other expenses and while reversing it will include in the 
operational income not in the part of other income. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Second part can you please provide the breakup of FMCG business sales and margin in the 
major subcategoriesin Q1 FY2024? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
In terms of breakup of the FMCG business in terms of the Nutrela which is soya proteins it 
is 155 Crores, there is a growth of 3%. In the foods division we did 1,354 Crores. Last year, 
of course this business was not with us, so it is against that backdrop. The biscuits did 
revenue of 381 Crores this is against 276 Crores last year in the same quarter and 
nutraceuticals did 62 Crores in this quarter. 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
How is the margin profile across categories? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
So the margin profile in each category in the soya protein business, we made 13% margin. 
This was 20 Crores of EBITDA, Food division we did 266 Crores, which is 19.71%, 
biscuits we did 39 Crores, and nutraceuticals we did 36 Crores. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
What should be the full year expectation overall from the FMCG business in revenue and 
the margin profile? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
It is pretty much on course for that. I think our target always as we mentioned is between 
16% and 18% we are doing right now better than that because there have been some 
positive with that we have got, but overall I think looks like that we might be closer to 18% 
plus than below that. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
To answer Q1 FY2023 sales in FMCG business can be analyzed or is there any seasonality 
in that particular business? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
There is some seasonality. So very clearly like for example the nutraceutical and biscuits 
would not have, soya protein business have marginal seasonality and the food business will 
have. So for example in the festival season the sales tends to pick up and all of these 
products are meant for sort of winter months there are products which are meant for 
summer months, so there would be some bit of seasonality there, but not any dramatic 
seasonality. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Is there any seasonality in Oil Plantation business? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
There is  high seasonality. So there are periods in which in some quarters when the 
harvesting of the fresh fruit bunches happens so you will get in certain months much higher 
and that is why it automatically translates into the yield, but overall, so yes, it will happen 
about six months when the harvest is happening we will have pick sort of lot more revenues 
and the EBITDA getting generated and of the quarter the EBITDA will tend to be lower, 
but overall margin construct of again as I mentioned 16% to 18% is a pretty consistent 
margin and very safe to always take in our calculation on Oil Palm Plantation business. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Which are those quarters were higher contribution from Oil Plantation coming to the sector? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
This quarter will be higher contribution and as we are getting into the harvest season as well 
as it will just go forward into the next quarter as well. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
You were mentioning about the edible oil business model so full year basis can we still 
assume that it is a 2% to 4% range achievable for full year basis in edible oil business? 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
We feel confident Kuldeep, as I just mentioned in quite detail that the targeted margin 
construct of between 2% and 4% so we are still pretty much we feel confident that the full 
year between 2% and 4% we should be able to generate EBITDA margin in the edible oil 
business. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Depreciation has increased from 43 Crores last quarter to 68 Crores in Q1 FY2024 what are 
the reason for the same and what should be going run rate for coming quarters? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
I think the run rate typically has marginally gone up on the depreciation side because we 
have acquired certain other assets and the depreciation has been taken in this quarter, but 
normally I think during the year we should have close to about 170 to 180 Crores of 
depreciation. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
This depreciation figure increased from 43 Crores to 68 Crores in Q1 FY2024 so reason and 
what we should expect going forward? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Actually this depreciation we have made some alignment to the asset which was lying in 
our fixed asset register for pre-CIRP period was revalued during the pre-CIRP period and 
right now we have aligned this with the Companies Act. So depreciation has been increased 
by 28 Crores for this quarter and near about 10 Crores of depreciation is additional in this 
quarter. So going forward this will increase by 15 Crores as compared to the past quarters. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
So coming quarter 15 Crores should be the run rate ballpark in next two, three quarters 
right? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes, approximately 15 Crores will be increased. 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Last bit like distribution reach currently and what should be the target in next couple of 
years? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Broadly we had as I had mentioned that in our presentation earlier that we currently have 
1.5 million retail outlets which we reach directly in all the businesses combined. There is 
indirect reach that we have close to nearly a million retail outlets and the target is that we 
are on continuous expansion path as I mentioned in the biscuits and nutraceutical. So we are 
adding distribution outlets at the rate of nearly between 10,000 and 15,000 every month and 
so that work is going on much larger part of the work is going on in the biscuit business. 
Nutraceuticals is more special, more sort of different strategies being followed; actually our 
focus is lot more on the e-commerce and B2C. So it is safe to assume that we will add every 
year anywhere between 1,50,000 to 2,00, 000 retail outlets in our reach. 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Kuldeep Gangwar: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Akhilesh Bagri, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Thank you for the followup. Sir one suggestion if you could include this category wise 
revenue and EBITDA margin on the food business in your result release itself that would be 
more helpful for everyone for comparison sake and my question is this 71 Crores credit loss 
which you mentioned, which will get reversed, was it for the oil segment or it is for the 
foods business? 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
This was for the food business, but Rajesh Ji you can elaborate a little more. 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Majority is from the food business. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Prior to say that the EBITDA then for this quarter for the foods business would have been 
higher by almost 50 – 60 Crores actually? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Yes. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
So actually our EBITDA margins would be even higher than what we have reported 
currently on the foods business? 
Kumar Rajesh: 
Basically you cannot say like that because this is a penal clause, which requires the 
treatment of expected credit loss. So operationally, if it would not be there this has been 
shown into the other expenses so EBITDA margin could be higher, if you consider that up 
to some extent relating to the food business. 
Akhilesh Bagri: 
Alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Asthana, CEO, Patanjali Foods Limited for closing 
comments. Over to you Sir! 
Sanjeev Asthana: 
Thank you very much for patiently listening to our sort of result for the investors. We 
continue to work towards stabilizing the sort of margins in the edible oil business with the 
focus and target is on managing the risks to ensuring that we maintain our steady pace of 
the commitments that we are making. The company continues to strive and work towards 
the FMCG businesses and we are quite pleased with the progress. There are slew of 
launches that we have lined up we will continue to work on those and the suggestions that 
we give in terms of reporting and giving out better quality reporting we keep treated with 

 
  
 
Patanjali Foods Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
lot of respect and carefully we will consider and we will certainly start making it better and 
little more consistent with the requirement of market ahead. Should you have any further 
queries please contact SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Antique Stock 
Broking Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
