 
                 Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
                                                                                           Registered Office: 
 
                              7th Floor, Eleven West Panchshil, Survey No. 25,  
 
                              Near PAN Card Club Road, Baner, Pune – 411 045,  
                                                                                          Maharashtra, India 
                                                                                                         Tel. No.: +91 20 682 81 200 
 
                                                                           Email: contact@sudarshan.com  
                                                                                             www.sudarshan.com 
 
 
                              Corporate Identity No.: L24119PN1951PLC008409  
  
 
30th May, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Scrip Code – 506655 
Scrip Code NCDs - 974058 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol - SUDARSCHEM 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub : Transcript of Analysts / Institutional Investors Conference Call 
 
We 
are 
enclosing 
herewith 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
with 
analysts 
/  
institutional investors, which took place on Tuesday, 24th May, 2023, after announcement of the 
Audited Financial Results (Stand-alone and Consolidated) for the quarter and year ended  
31st March, 2023.  
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully,  
For SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MANDAR VELANKAR 
GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandar Meenanath 
Velankar
Digitally signed by Mandar 
Meenanath Velankar 
Date: 2023.05.30 16:38:21 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited Q4 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH RATHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. NILKANTH NATU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. TEJAS SONAWANE – DOLAT CAPITAL 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good morning and welcome to the Sudarshan Chemical Industries 
Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tejas Sonawane from Dolat Capital. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Tejas Sonawane: 
Thank you Ryan. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I would like to thank the 
management of Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited for giving us the opportunity to host 
their Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
From the management Team we have with us today Mr. Rajesh Rathi – Managing Director and 
Mr. Nilkanth Natu – Chief Financial officer. 
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks post which we will open the forum for a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you Ryan. Thank you, Dolat Securities and Mr. Tejas, for hosting our earnings call.            
Good morning ladies and gentlemen welcome to Sudarshan’s Q4 FY23 Earning Conference 
Call. Our investor presentation has been uploaded on the stock exchanges for your ready 
reference. 
 
I would like to take you through the financial highlights for this quarter. 
On the overall basis, it has been a strong performance in the 4th quarter of the current financial 
year both on sales and margin side compared to the challenging quarters of Q2 and Q3 of FY23. 
On a consolidated basis for the quarter, total income from operations stood at INR 691 Cr as 
compared to INR 627 Cr for the same period last year, higher by 10% YoY.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 85 Cr as compared to INR 86 Cr in Q4FY22.                   
EBITDA margins stood at 12.3% as compared to 13.7% over the same period last year. 
Profit after Tax stood at INR 33 Cr as compared to INR 45 Cr for the same period last year. 
Sequentially revenue has grown by 31% at INR 691 Cr compared to INR 528 Cr of Q3’FY23 
and EBIDTA has grown by 100% + at Rs 85 Cr compared to Rs 42 Cr of Q3’FY 23 with 
improvement in EBIDTA margin from 7.90% in Q3 to 12.3% in Q4’FY23. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
On yearly basis, total income from operations on consolidated basis stood at INR 2,302 Cr vs 
INR 2,201 Cr for FY22, a growth around 5%. EBITDA for period ending 31st March 23,                       
at INR 211 Cr vs INR 275 Cr last year. EBITDA margin at 9.2% vs 12.5% over same period last 
year.  PAT is at INR 45 Cr compared to INR 130 Cr for the same period in last year. 
Now going into details of our Pigment business. 
Q4’FY23 has been the strong quarter both on domestic and export markets. 
For the Q4FY23, Income from operations stood at INR 594 Cr as compared to INR 558 Cr for 
the same period last year, growth of 6%YoY. On a Sequential basis, revenue is higher by               
23% compared to Rs. 483 Cr of Q3’FY23. 
India sales for the quarter at INR 301 Cr as compared to INR 286 Cr in same period last year. 
On a sequential basis, India sales is higher by 20% compared to INR 251 Cr of Q3’FY23 
Exports for the quarter were at INR 293 Cr as compared to INR 272Cr, higher by around                    
8% YoY. On sequential basis, revenue is higher by 26% compared to Rs 232 Cr of Q3’FY 23 
In both, Domestic and export markets, we have seen early sign-of demand revival in plastic and 
coating segment.  
Specialty pigments sales stood at INR 412 Cr as compared to INR 388 Cr for previous year same 
quarter, 6% YoY higher On sequential basis, revenue grew by 21% compared to Rs 340 Cr of 
Q3’FY 23. Non-Specialty sales for the quarter stood at INR 181 Cr as compared to INR 171 Cr 
for the same period last year while on sequential basis, revenue grew by 27% compared to                   
Rs 143 Cr of Q3’FY 23. 
Gross Margins for pigments for the quarter stood at 41.5% as compared to 41% for the same 
period last year. Comparing with the sequential quarter, it shows improvement over Q3’FY23 
which was at 40.0%. After experiencing the volatility in Raw Material prices for first 3 quarters, 
we are seeing softening of RM prices now in Q4’FY 23 due to drop in basic cost drivers such as 
crude oil, benzene, toluene. This should help in stabilizing the Gross Margin levels.  
Apart from raw material costs, we are seeing softening of energy costs in Q4 and also reduction 
in Coal prices which should benefit manufacturing cost in the coming quarters. Logistic costs are 
coming off the peak level seen earlier and we expect this trend to continue. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 73 Cr in Q4FY23 as compared to INR 76 Cr for the 
previous year same quarter. EBITDA margins stood at 12.3% as compared to 13.7% over the 
same period last year. Sequentially EBIDTA has grown by 93% compared to INR 38Cr in        
Q3’FY 23. EBIDTA % also shows improvement over sequential quarter EBIDTA Margin, 
reported at 7.8%.  

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Given the difficult external environment, management has aggressively focused on cost 
reduction initiatives throughout the year. Overall increase in sales, softening of RM and other 
costs and aggressive push on cost reduction has helped in increase in margin and EBIDTA for 
the quarter under review. 
However, we will have to continue with pricing decisions with calibrated approach to balance 
on volume growth. 
We have worked extensively on reduction of working capital especially on inventory level, 
Accounts receivables releasing free cashflow which has helped in reducing the working capital 
debt levels.  
On yearly basis, total income from operations stood at INR 2,079 Cr vs INR 2,020 Cr in same 
period last year, a growth around 3%. EBITDA for period ending 31st March 23, at INR 194 Cr 
vs INR 269 Cr last year. EBITDA margin at 9.3% vs 13.3% over same period last year. 
The company has on 6th April 2023, executed Deed of Conveyance with Birla Estate Private 
Limited to sell Company’s freehold, clear and marketable titled land admeasuring approximately 
5.76 acres along with the structures standing thereon located at 162 Wellesley Road,                                
Pune – 411 001, Maharashtra, India, for a total net consideration of Rs. 356 Crores.                          
The company has completed the said transaction and the company plans to strengthen the balance 
sheet from the proceeds from the transactions. 
Now let me inform you the status of the CAPEX projects which will drive the company’s future 
growth. I am happy to inform you that we have successfully commissioned all the capex projects 
in this financial year. With this we have transformed our product portfolio with one of the widest 
and most comprehensive product range in the industry.  
For new product lines, we are getting good responses from customers and these products are at 
an advanced stage of evaluation.  
Given the current global scenario we expect a slow ramp up in the short term but are confident 
in mid-term Capex will accrue the expected benefits   
  
There are many positive tailwinds from external side like consolidation of top players in the 
industry, supply disruptions from prominent player in North America, emergence of India as key 
global manufacturing industry and softening of raw material prices and energy costs etc. which 
will be positive for the company.    
At the same time, we are very well prepared internally with all the capex projects being 
commissioned, with wider range of product portfolio, cost efficient operations and capacities to 
quickly ramp up the sales. 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
To summarize, the year had been challenging for the pigment industry on sales as well as margin 
front. We had seen these pressures in the first three quarters of the current FY. Q4’Fy 23 shows 
strong revival and performance on overall business & financial parameters. We are confident in 
our growth journey and look forward to continuing the same and delivering value to all our 
stakeholders. 
With this. Now I open the floor for questions and answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
Sanjesh Jain with ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I have few questions first on the China competition, we have been hearing from the other 
chemical company that China is getting aggressive, the domestic consumption has slowed down 
and that has led to a lot more aggressive Chinese operator for the export market and now that 
the commodity is also softening and demand even on the global side does not look very exciting 
considering all this situation how should we expect FY24 for Sudarshan Chemical? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think China if you compare the last year, last year China's demand was at the lowest due 
to the various lockdowns etc. and there was surplus production. So, that trend I think has 
improved or at the same time you are right we do not see that ramp up happening on that.                 
The second thing which has happened is there has been anti-dumping duties post in China for 
blue and green pigments from India. So, both I think from a perspective of India supplying blue 
green pigments into China that has become a concern for the entire industry and China surplus 
whatever they have in terms of supplies they have been kind of I would say supplying at very 
aggressive cost in Asia and other regions. So, I feel from a perspective of last year the situation 
is slightly better, but the situation still remains concerning and that is where we differentiate 
ourselves with some of our product portfolio and the services which we offer to our end 
customers. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, considering that our all the CAPEX program are completed and commodity prices have also 
used reached out, how should we see the revenue growth for FY24, can we achieve a 20% growth 
considering that we had a very soft quarter here in FY23, do you see a challenge to that and 
again you did mention that you have seen revival in both coating and plastic segment I think that 
there is a little bit of confidence, but purely from the sales perspective is that 20% kind of growth 
really achieved? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think first from an external tailwind perspective we are very good tailwinds as Mr. Natu 
explained in the conference. A lot of top players consolidating little bit internally focus, lot of 
focus on India as a key hub at the same time, we are also well prepared with our CAPEXs and 
the product portfolio offering. So, I cannot give the subtle answer in this market. I cannot give 
you a figure saying that this is what it is, but we do feel that the worst is over and we should be 
able to kind of move on from here in the right direction. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Next on the margin perspective first one the gross margin, second one the other expenses.           
Gross margin on a consolidated basis we are at 43% and the segment you mentioned that we are 
at 41.5%. Historically, we were at anywhere between 43% to 44%, but 200 basis point 
improvement can be achieved with this softening in commodity is that the right understanding. 
Second on the other expenses there has been a drop in coal prices, credit cost and everything, 
but from our other expenses perspective it still shows a very high inflation of 25%, 26% for our 
revenue growth of 10%, can you help us reconcile us the other expenses? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, on the gross margin perspective yes what we are seeing is the gross margin of 43.5% in the 
year of FY21 when there were normalized cost consideration. What we are now seeing in the 
current quarter the gross margin of 41.5% compared to the earlier quarters which were at around 
40% or sub-40%. We expect that this stabilization in the raw material cost. One is the softening 
and second is the stabilization in the raw material prices should help us because earlier we have 
seen it has not been only the inflation, but the timing during the quarter also we used to get those 
disruption in the raw material prices. Given the stable outlook I expect that this particular gross 
margin trend should continue. It is also the impact we have seen in the couple of earlier quarters, 
the demand pressure and the pricing pressure, due to that wherein the certain pass through were 
difficult, with the current revival in the demand we expect that this level should get stabilized 
and we should get some uptick in the coming quarter if the raw material prices remain at the 
same level. On the other expense side while I agree with your observation. On totality the 
company has done aggressive cost push in terms of the various cost levers. A couple of factors 
which has impacted during the year is one, is on the FOREX exchange loss amount which is 
around 16 crores which has been published in the notes. This is due to the CAPEX loan and it is 
more structural and we monitor it based on our XIRR basis. So, we are aware of those variability 
in the foreign exchange. Second factor also which has impacted during the quarter and overall, 
during the year is our RIECO business has also shown a good growth and the site expenses 
related to that has gone up during the quarter as well as corresponding year and the certain factors 
which was also impacted during this particular year is the rising coal cost. So, while we saw the 
stabilization coming in the Quarter 4, but the coal cost predominantly were higher in the first 
three quarters, which has also impacted that variability in the other costs while we have taken a 
lot of measures in controlling the other experiences which are more of a discretionary.                      
Second, the company has to reach to the customer as a part of  key customer engagement and 
key account management. We have also started investing in what I can say as a good business 
expenditure, which is travel as well as the exhibition cost. So, we have reached out and we have 
participated in a couple of exhibitions in the last quarter and in the H2 of this financial year.           
So, with this the other expenses is on a slightly higher side, but these are more of a structural 
and which are from the long-term perspective. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
For next year this should significantly normalize, right? 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Absolutely. So, while there has been a focus on cost reduction, which helped us during this year, 
the focus remains constant. We would like to cut the cost whether it is a fixed or variable.              
The manufacturing operation has become very cost efficient and we will continue that trend.    
We will be prudent in that matter. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
My last set of question is in the new product contribution now that we have commission the 
CAPEX, what is the number of products we anticipate and what is the contribution we expect in 
next two years from the new product in our overall revenue and what is the capacity utilization 
as of FY24 for us and what is the CAPEX plan for FY24? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think from a CAPEX perspective we have completed our CAPEX plan completely. We do 
not expect any CAPEX except the regular maintenance CAPEX or any minor CAPEX coming 
up, but otherwise the CAPEX program is full on. As Mr. Natu explained in the note I think all 
our products are put to use now so several chemistries have been launched whether it's the violet 
23 new product, yellow 138 which we have introduced earlier. Various versions we have 
launched through this CICP complex pigments, CICP we have launched, solvent dyes we have 
launched. So, all our product portfolio now is complete and we have launched this. We expect 
we are already seeing a good attraction for these product line. We in the short term we expect a 
little slower ramp up given the economy slowdown, but we are very confident in the three year, 
four year horizon we should be able to meet our midterm horizon, we should be able to meet our 
CAPEX targets on benefits. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And the capacity utilization? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, right now we have ramped up our capacities and we are ready to go. I think right now we 
are not publishing from a competitive sensitive information, but we have enough headroom to 
grow with the CAPEX program. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Ankur Periwal with Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
So, continuing with the product side you did mention launch of many products there from a 
stability perspective. Have we reached a stable state here or there could be some sort of time 
taken for these products? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, we have launched these products sir now it is the time to get the approvals and we ramp up 
sales on that. So, from an internal perspective we are all ready now. Now it is all getting 
approvals and pushing those products into the market. 
Ankur Periwal: 
From technicality teething trouble typically, it may take time for the product to stabilize that part 
is done it is only the product approval? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Absolutely right. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Ankur Periwal: 
And so second question related to that from a product positioning or the target market 
perspective are large part of these products domestic market oriented or international and how 
much time will it take in both the geography? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
It is a global product range and we expect to realize the benefits between three to four years. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
As Mr. Rathi mentioned these are the niche product and as we already mentioned earlier these 
are into the Specialty pigment side. So, the market will be both in domestic as well as the export 
markets, slightly the tilt will be on the export side. As Mr. Rathi also explained technically these 
products are proven. Customer approval, we are in the process of getting these approvals.                  
So, it will help us in both the market going forward. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Just on the product approval timelines so I understand different products may be different,               
but broadly a range will be helpful? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
The approval time kind of varies between three months to six months so we started this process. 
What we are saying is that the ramp up earlier expected would be slightly slower given the 
slowdown in the market. So, from that perspective especially some geographies like Europe etc. 
means here slightly lesser uptake than what we were expecting initially, but we should soon see 
a ramp up in the midterm side given the tailwinds which we have. 
Ankur Periwal: 
On the margin front we have seen a good jump on a QoQ basis as well, just trying to understand 
the earlier delays in RM inflation or the pricing like discounts that we were facing earlier both 
of them are largely through and now there could be some benefits of RM deflation let us say 
starting next quarter? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, I agree with you. So, with softening of the RM prices and with the stable RM environment, 
given that we also have the good Q4 wherein our sales number were higher, the effect of this 
RM fresh purchasing or new pricing should come in and which we are seeing in Q4 also and if 
this trend continues, we expect that this will get stabilized and we should see the normalized 
gross margin going forward. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And this normalize will be the historical average of around 42% to 43% odd? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
If you really see historically, we were in the range of if you see from FY19 to FY22 we were in 
the range of you know 41% to 43.5%. I would like to have the number maybe 42% - 42.5% on 
normalized basis. So, maybe 100 basis points further, but it will take time to go to that level.                 
I am right now expecting the current level of the gross margin to sustain for a quarter as we 
move along with the new inventories coming in and with all that we should be at the midpoint 
level soon. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And the last bit from my side for the quarter specifically if I look at the consolidated and 
standalone which is the subsidiary revenue had seen a pretty sharp jump, so could you help us 
understand what exactly are these subsidiary revenues for these are largely the marketing entities 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
that we have and correspondingly the overheads are also slightly elevated here, so just to clarity 
on that? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Ankur ji if you really see the performance on the segment side so there has been the increase in 
the RIECO business revenue from 44 crore to 96 crore on the consolidated basis. While our 
business in USA, Mexico and to some extent Europe also has helped us in revival of the demand 
there and overall growth on the foreign subsidiaries has been also good in Q4. In terms of the 
other expenses which have been elevated as I mentioned earlier RIECO being a site-oriented 
business into the capital good industry with the revenue getting doubled between Q3 and Q4 
there has been some ramp up in the cost there and couple of spent which we did in the Q4 on the 
execution and reaching out to the customer has slightly given me the elevated Q4 cost,                   
but we see it should get normalized in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Amar Maurya with AlfAccurate Advisors.                  
Please go ahead. 
Amar Maurya: 
Couple of questions from my side, firstly sir what would be the volume growth for us in this 
quarter? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
We have not published yet the volume data, but just to give you the directional number the 
growth has been good in terms of the volume pickup compared to the Q3. 
Amar Maurya: 
And this volume pickup was largely let us say from the coating segment or from your basically 
the plastic segment? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, Amar this volume pick up or volume growth we have seen in both the markets domestic as 
well as export and in both predominant segments which are plastic and coating both. See with 
the plastic segment what we had earlier also said in the couple of quarters Q1, Q2 wherein we 
have seen that there was a lot of raw material variability in the plastic segment, which was on 
polymer side, it was the variability in the prices and second was the availability and with the 
scenario wherein the raw material prices were very much elevated the master batch manufacturer 
used to hold their buying decisions which we have seen in the earlier quarter. Now with the 
stabilization in the raw material prices and with the stable outlook we have seen the pickup in 
the plastic segment and we expect this to continue. 
Amar Maurya: 
And sir in the coating the coating is largely linked to the automobile or this is decorative coating 
let us say in the export perspective? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
It is in both slightly the tilt is on a higher side as far as the decorative coating is concerned. 
Amar Maurya: 
Both in global market also? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes sir. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Nitesh Dhoot with Prabhudas Lilladher.                      
Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, my first question is on the market share so for few years now I saw a presentation our 
domestic market share has remain constant at 35%, so why is it that we have not been able to 
gain market share despite the increased focus towards the pigment business over the years and 
will this increase especially with the large CAPEX that has been put on ground over the last 
couple of years? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think from a domestic market what we are able to gain is more on this product Specialty 
product side. There is fierce competition on some of the commodity products. So, though we 
will lose on that side we are able to gain on the Specialty product side and I think we will 
continue our trend towards focusing on the Specialty side. We do see good tailwinds coming in 
with lot of investment in the paint section which in the paint manufacturing area and we are 
really focusing on the participating on that growth only. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Another question is whether there is a meaningful difference between the pigments which you 
sell in the domestic market and then in exports in terms of end applications and the pricing of 
the products? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, sir I mean some of the product portfolio is so even the Indian market is changing where a lot 
of Specialty products are getting used, but the percentage of usage in some of the advanced 
economies I would say is more there and that is how the product I would say the product mix 
changes and certain product range we do not take it globally, some of the inorganic chrome 
pigments or the iron oxide pigments etc. We do not sell these globally, we sell only in India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next comes from Gagan Dixit with Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gagan Dixit: 
I think the quarterly trend looks like your Specialty this domestic and the quarter-on-quarter 
basis includes almost 70 crore something while I see similar growth in this export revenue also 
this 60 crore plus, so can I safely assume that this mostly your Specialty growth is driven by the 
export market revival that is more or you say relatively as compared to domestic? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
If I see the domestic and export split which is 51%, 49% and as you mentioned there has been a 
60-crore growth in the exports quarter-on-quarter similar way we have seen 50 crore in the Q3 
to Q4 for the domestic. The Specialty and Non-Specialty tilt is between 69% and 31% as a basket 
and we see this particular growth coming in from both the markets, which is domestic as well as 
export. As Mr. Rathi mentioned a couple of inorganic products are not being marketed in those 
export markets because of the regulations, so there is a slight tilt in the export market on the 
Specialty side. 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Gagan Dixit: 
And sir which are the export market you see more revival because as I see in the presentation 
that you mentioned still the problem is still going on in the Europe this demand is flat and also 
they have a  China issues also. So, if you can indicate that I mean overall, just on the quarter-on-
quarter basis or where I mean the demand is more this ramping up as compared to others? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think sir as a long-term trend we see great potential in the Americas even in the South American 
market which we are also focusing and driving our growth. There are several initiatives which 
should really help us in the midterm including Europe, for example, Europe we have on boarded 
BASF subsidiary BTC as a distributor and it also talks our, it is also testimony of we being a 
reliable and high quality supplier that BASF BTC has taken us on board and this will definitely 
help us strengthen our midterm perspectives in reaching out to small and medium customers. 
So, each geography I would say has the area it depends on how it plays out right. So, with Europe 
probably demand revising I think these two areas should help us. Americas we are driving 
growth. So, these are some of the areas which we are going in Japan the digital ink market and 
Korea digital ink market is very favorable which we are selling some of our products in the 
digital inks and we are ramping up our sales there. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Sir, regarding the China competition in the export market, so typically this on the pricing front 
typically is there any Chinese price advantage or they are at par with your product prices? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, it depends on the product range there is definitely a product range where we are not able to 
compete especially in some of the commodities. So, those are the areas where we with China we 
are not able to compete. On the other Specialty areas if the presence of Chinese is less, but we 
are able to compete on those areas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Rohit Nagraj with Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir first question is on the Specialty and Non-Specialty mix, so currently you mentioned 69% to 
31% over the next three years once we ramp up the newer CAPEX of 750 crores will this mix 
change more towards 75%-25% or what is your perspective? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, with respect to the Specialty and Non-Specialty tilt which is at around 69% and 31% 
currently with the CAPEX program which is commissioned and major focus is on the Specialty 
side. We expect this particular tilt will be on the Specialty wherein the Specialty current 
percentage in terms of the revenue should move up from 69%. I would not like to put the number 
as such, but it should be around on the higher side compared to what we have seen now with 
respect to the Specialty. So, upward direction will be there. Second thing is also between India 
and domestic what we have seen 51% and 49% which is fairly a balanced mix. With this CAPEX 
being commissioned the tilt also should slightly move on the export side going forward. 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And second question is particularly on the balance sheet side, so we have seen a very strong 
improvement in working capital to 74 days from 96 days, so earlier probably it was closer to 90 
to 100 days, is this 75 days of working capital sustainable going forward and second question is 
given that we have received the money from land sale, what is the kind of debt reduction that 
we expect by FY24? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, on the working capital side as you have rightly mentioned, we are at now 74 days of the net 
working capital cycle and as I mentioned in my opening remarks the great work done by the 
team internally to reduce the inventories and also to make the operation lean and with the 
collection of the account receivable. If you really see our networking capital as a percentage to 
sale is at around 20% and historically we used to operate between 24% to 25% earlier and earlier 
we indicated as a management that we would like to go gradually to the 20% level and we were 
targeting 22% as one of the midway to get into that particular aspiration level, but happy to share 
that we are at around 20% at the yearend while there may be certain variability in this particular 
percentage during the year based on the raw material supplies availabilities maybe some strategic 
call. We expect and we will work towards maintaining this level plus minus 1% that is something 
I can look at and that has also helped during this particular year for the debt number despite the 
EBITDA being down by 70 - 80 crore, our debt number are flat which is between 794 -796 crore 
in terms of the net debt. Regarding your second question on the land monetization so yes this 
land monetization will help us in improving our balance sheet. Currently we are at around                
794 crore of the number and if I see the net debt if I consider this 300 plus crore of land 
monetization we are as closer to 500 crore. So, we as a management has taken a call to reduce 
that debt over a period and we should be more leaner in the next year as far as the debt numbers 
are concerned.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just one clarification during FY23 were there any onetime consultancy charges for the projects 
which were undertaken and which will not be recurring in FY24? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Come again Rohit. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Any consultancy charges that we had paid for any third-party consultant I think we were working 
on the margin improvement projects with some of the external consultants, is there any I mean 
onetime expense for those consulting charges during FY23 and which may not recur 
incrementally? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Rohit we did not have any one timer consultancy charges on the margin improvement etc. in the 
current financial year FY23. So, there was no one timer there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Archit Joshi with B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir, I have just one question so the market leader has kind of indicated that there are a couple of 
areas where there has been an improvement and the outlook in cosmetics and displays as a 
category within which pigments are used that is showing some signs of revival, I just wanted to 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
understand if we have any exposure to these industries where we can see some revival globally. 
Also they have mentioned that some of the key categories like coatings, plastics and printing 
inks are still dealing under a lot of pressure with respect to inventory adjustment, in our view, 
when do we see this reversing for us specifically even if it is not for the industry? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think for us yes cosmetics and dispersions are important segment for our growth too. 
However, if you look at the market size compared to the entire market size these two markets 
size are quite small compared to percentage to the total market. So, though we will be growing 
there whether they have a significant impact on our overall perspective is the question, but these 
are very important segment strategic segments for us to grow. With this sir so it is a competitive 
area and we are seeing some improvements compared to last year on the demand side from these 
the three traditional industrial sector which you spoke about and so we do believe that the worst 
in demand things are over and there is a gradual improvement which is coming up. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sir while you say that the dispersions or the cosmetics these categories are pretty small in the 
overall scheme of things can you throw some light on this displays business or the display 
industry where exactly are these pigments I mean from the application perspective is it more 
towards electronics and laptops or with smart phones growing quite significantly, would this be 
a growing area going ahead if you can share some of your insights on this segment? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, this comes under digital links and under digital links there are two segments. One is the 
inkjet, the toners and displays widespread displays. So, overall perspective these are the areas 
where these products go. We think it is a strategic area which is a good growth area though the 
entire volume is this the margin should also be better and that is how we had embarked on this. 
All our development work in this area was completed between our R&D in India and Germany 
lab and our product ranges completely ready and these are the products which we are really 
selling into Japan and Korea now and we are several approvals in this area. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Aatur with ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund.                   
Please go ahead. 
Aatur: 
Just two questions one what would be our CAPEX number for next year in terms of ballpark 
range? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, as we mentioned the majority of the CAPEX program is over and this year will be the 
stabilization phase for us. So, we will only continue with the sustenance and the maintenance 
CAPEX. We would not like to put the number, but it will not be significant. 
Aatur: 
Our engineering business, which was a small portion has been ramping up well.                                 
So, any evaluation to eventually sell it or any thoughts on how one thing given it is non-core? 
 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Aatur yes so there has been a revival in the RIECO business. The board is also looking at this 
revival and this year has earmarked in terms of the turnround compared to last year.                           
So, board will take at an opportune time the decision regarding that. As of now there is no 
discussion in terms of this.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Madhav Marda with FIL. Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
The sense I am getting is you are sounding much more confident on ramping up the new capacity 
versus earlier and probably seems like there could be some like decent market share gain 
opportunities which has been the thought process in Europe, South America and North America, 
is that right understanding on having that finally all this consolidation which is happening in the 
pigment industry and our new CAPEX coming in product portfolio expanding now all of those 
things are coming together and now we should see like steady growth of course materials is 
something not in our control, but what is in our control seems like things are falling into place 
is that is that the right sense I am getting? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I think Madhav ji well summarized like you said so we were always very confident about our 
CAPEX program that was the area of transformation for the company in order for its growth and 
good sustainable growth, so given that we have so many headwinds in the last two years when 
we began the CAPEX program. We did face it very well I think and we have now kind of 
completed the whole CAPEX program. We too feel that the ramp up will be there. The first 
initial part may be a little tougher because of the slowdown, but I think given that there has been 
no dirt of attracting the customer for the product line. So, there is a lot of full layer, how we 
ramp up is the real question in the short term is a little bit of a concern, but I think in the overall 
midterm period we are very confident that we should meet our CAPEX benefit targets. 
Madhav Marda: 
And then the second question was seems like our gross margins like Mr. Nilkanth also said that 
one quarter more maybe and then we should see some bit more of an uptake on the gross margin 
side and even on the fixed cost side there has been obviously like high freight cost I think on the 
other expenses and then high coal prices. So, all these things I think and we have always like if 
I look before COVID used to be 14%. 15% EBITDA margin range, so do you think we can get 
back there towards the end of FY24 as we approach like Quarter 3 Quarters 4 of course given 
like macros remaining and inflation remaining where it is, on a steady basis our margins can see 
some more uptake from gross margins and little bit more on the other cost side? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, as I mentioned here with the gross margin stabilization currently at 41.5% with the raw 
material stabilization and the stable outlook I expect that this trend should continue and should 
sustain and if it continues then definitely it will reflect in terms of the EBITDA. While we had 
historically achieved the number of 15% in FY21 given the market scenarios then, would not 
like to put the number as of now for what will be the EBITDA for the next year, but directionally 
with this stabilization coming in and overall the confidence of volume bounce back, I expect it 
should help us in improving the EBITDA percentage in a couple of quarters. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Madhav Marda: 
And last question the land proceeds already come in like we have already received the money 
from the land? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes, Madhav we have received the money in this financial year in April.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Chetan Thacker with ASK Investment Managers 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Chetan Thacker: 
Sir, just wanted to understand more from a medium-term point of view so we have historically 
seen your gross profit margin in the range of 41% to 43% given that the product that we have 
launched and we filled the basket in, would it be a fair understanding that over a medium term 
we can add couple of basis point to this range as those products increase in terms of contribution 
and that plus the efficiencies will eventually drive the OPM over a more medium term? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, directionally yes given the current range of what we have seen earlier 41% to 43% more 
stabilized range of 42% where the Specialty and Non-Specialty take was around 69% - 31% with 
the ramp up and the new product CAPEX which are more in the high-performance pigment 
Specialty side directionally in the coming year this should give us a better benefit in terms of the 
gross margin. 
Chetan Thacker: 
And the capacities that we set up fair to assume in three years if things go normally which we 
have not seen some time, but still assuming it goes most of these capacities would then be utilized 
that would be a fair understanding? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Absolutely. So, given the current scenario we are expecting that this ramp up will be during three 
to four years period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Jainam Ghelani with Svan Investments.                       
Please go ahead. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir, I missed the initial part so could you tell me what was the amount we received in the land 
deal? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, we have received 356 crore in terms of our land monetization. 
Jainam Ghelani: 
Sir assuming we achieve peak utilization in three to four year what can be our current revenue 
like that revenue the peak revenue that can be reached in three to four years or with our current 
capacity? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, assuming the capacity ramp up from the new product CAPEX and the full utilization.               
We expect that the revenue with the current normalized rising scenario should be in the range of 
around 3,000 to 3,300 crores going forward in the next three to four years period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Ketan Shah with Capital PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Jay Ketan Shah: 
A couple of questions mainly on the Specialty side when you say that you are trying to increase 
the mix to Specialty product and already has started the work what is the approach of the 
company is it more like we do the sector or a client and then we look at creating entry barrier 
using chemistry or it more of a pool from the client saying that this is the kind of application 
they are looking at and then you become a helping hand to them, so I just wanted to understand 
one is that question and second like you said. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Sorry to disturb you there was some disturbance can you please repeat the question? 
Jay Ketan Shah: 
When you say that the mix between Specialty and the not so Specialty is going to be leaning 
more towards Specialty what is the approach of the company, is it more that you first choose a 
typical chemistry and try to create entry barriers for the peers or is it more like the client ask you 
to make something which is technically challenging in a way you can pay in terms of chemistry 
which kind of gives you a more like what is the approach when you say Specialty of the 
company? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think three years ago we embarked on looking at a whole global strategy and how what is 
going to differentiate us in the market. The answer came out very clearly that we have several 
capabilities which we can exploit in and one area was in the differentiated product range because 
the commodity product range was already very crowded and we could see the writing on the 
walls that the margins in that area is going to reduce and this is where we are seeing a lot of 
blood bath if you look at the phthalocyanine or other pigments. So, that was the overall strategy 
to kind of travel the difficult path in creating this product portfolio and I am very glad to say that 
right from scratch to developing the chemistry to budget trials to commercializing this on the 
plant putting up the whole plants this our internal team has been able to do this and it is a wide 
variety of chemistries when we talk about all the product range we are saying. It is not in the 
pigment industry you have one product which is going to give you like a bullet of 4,000 crores 
or something it is a very, very broad portfolio where you have to look at. So, from that been our 
strategy then of course once this was clear in our strategy then we started engaging with 
customers on what was their pathway obviously at each stage lab samples were exchanged, 
detailed discussions were happening and we are right now in the stage where this has got 
fructified into real products where we are engaging with customers now for these products. 
Jay Ketan Shah: 
And secondly I wanted to ask you said that there is a lot of movement happening in the paint 
manufacturing sector, so are you guys looking to even tap into the pigment dispersion chemistry 
like someone like what Ducol Organic or Saujanya are doing, so are we even looking as that as 
an ancillary stream of revenue or we focus on pigment itself? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, pigment dispersion is an important strategy, but we would never compete with our customers 
and that's how we had exited our master batch business also where we said we want one of our 
values is going to be and it is a close partnership I mean how one of the pillars of our 
differentiation is customer intimacy and building that trust. So, we would never compete in fact 
with our customers you mentioned about Saujanya very dear customer to us and we would never 

 
Sudarshan Chemical industries Limited  
May 24,2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
think of competing, but what we do is on the pigment dispersion side, coating companies are 
always making a make or buy decision and from that perspective so that is where we work with 
the customer to make those product a pigment dispersions for them. So, that is one segment for 
coatings for pigment dispersions, but there are Specialty applications where pigment dispersions 
also go in and we are again ramping up our product range to reach out there and we have already 
done that actually. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Nilkanth Natu for closing comments. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you Ryan, thank you Tejas and thank you participants for your time and interest in 
Sudarshan Chemical. We remain confident in the long-term prospect of our business and we 
look forward to engaging with you again in future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital that can close this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines.  
***** 
