फोन/Phone: 0129-2278018
पंजीकृतकाया लय : एनएचपीसीऑ फसकॉ  लै स, सै टर-33, फरीदाबाद– 121003, ह रयाणा
Regd. Office : NHPC Office Complex, Sector – 33, Faridabad – 121003, Haryana 
CIN:L40101HR1975GOI032564; Website: www.nhpcindia.com 
E-mail : webmaster@nhpc.nic.in; EPABX No. : 0129-2588110 / 2588500 
िबजलीसेसंबंिधतिशकायत केिलए1912 डायलकर ।Dial 1912 for Complaints on Electricity
संदभ सं./Ref. No. NH/CS/199      
Manager/ मैनेजर,
Listing Department/ िल  टग िवभाग, 
M/s BSE Limited/ बीएसई िलिमटेड, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers /  फरोज जीजीभोय टावस , 
Dalal Street,/दलाल  ीट,
Mumbai/ मुंबई -400 001 
Scrip Code: 533098 
General Manager/ महा बंधक, 
Listing Department/ िल  टग िवभाग, 
M/s National Stock Exchange of India Limited/ 
नेशनल  टॉकए सच ज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड,  
Exchange Plaza, / ए सच ज लाजा,  
Bandra Kurla Complex/ बां ाकुला कॉ  ले स,  
Bandra (E)/ बां ा (ई),  Mumbai/ मुंबई - 400 051 
Scrip Code: NHPC 
ISIN No. INE848E01016 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call for discussion on financial results for quarter ended on June 30, 
2023 
िवषय: 30 जून , 2023 को समा  ितमाही के िव ीय प रणाम  पर चचा के िलए कॉ   स कॉल क  ांि   । 
Sir/ महोदय, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, it is to inform that the transcript of the Conference call with analysts and investors held on August 14, 
2023, with respect to the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended on June 30, 2023 is attached 
herewith 
and 
has 
also 
been 
made 
available 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
the 
link:  
https://www.nhpcindia.com/assests/pzi_public/pdf_link/64e3658eab6c2.pdf
It is also confirmed that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared in the above referred 
Conference Call. 
This is for your information and records. 
सेबी [सूचीब ता (िल  टग) बा यताएँ और  कटीकरणअपे ाएँ] िविनयम, 2015 के िविनयम 30 के अनुसार, यह सूिचत  कया
जाता है क30 जून, 2023 को समा  ितमाही के िव ीयप रणाम  के संबंध म 14 अग त, 2023 को आयोिजत िव ेषक  और िनवेशक 
के साथ कॉ   स कॉल क  ांि    संल  है और कंपनी क  वेबसाइट पर िन िलिखत  लक पर उपल ध कराई गयी है: 
https://www.nhpcindia.com/assests/pzi_public/pdf_link/64e3658eab6c2.pdf
यह भी पुि क  जाती है कउपरो संद भतकॉ   स कॉल म कोई अ कािशतमू य संवेदनशील जानकारी साझा नह क  गई 
थी।
यह आपक  जानकारी और  रकॉड के िलए है।
ध यवाद।
भवदीय
संल : उपरोकतानुसार 
 (राजे    साद गोयल)
िनदेशक (िव ) 
DIN: 08645380
Rajendr
a prasad 
Goyal
Digitally signed 
by Rajendra 
prasad Goyal 
Date: 
2023.08.21 
20:08:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
“NHPC Limited 
Q1 FY24, Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RUPESH SANKHE – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R. K. VISHNOI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - NHPC LIMITED 
MR. R. P. GOYAL – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) - NHPC 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24, 
Earnings Conference Call of NHPC Limited hosted by Elara 
Securities Private Limited. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Rupesh Sankhe from Elara Securities Private Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Mr. Sankhe! 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
Good morning everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities we welcome 
you all for the Q1 FY’24 conference call of NHPC. I take this 
opportunity to welcome the management of NHPC represented Mr. 
Rajeev Kumar Vishnoi – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. R.P. 
Goyal – Director (Finance). So, we will begin the call with a brief 
overview by the management and followed by Q&A session. I will 
now hand over the call to Mr. R. K. Vishnoi Sir for his opening 
remarks. Over to you Sir! 
R K Vishnoi: 
Thank you Rupesh and good morning everybody who is connected 
to this conference. It is really my pleasure to interact with you on 
these quarterly financial results Q1 of FY’24 of NHPC. In fact 
before we really discuss the detail, let me broadly tell you that this 
particular quarter of FY’24, we have sustained the performance 
which we have achieved in the past few quarters and that is the 
broader impression which can be drawn. The details are available, I 
think all the participants must have gone through the numbers, but 
broadly let me tell you the major highlights. As far as generation is 
concerned, we have almost generated 5% lower than the 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 25 
corresponding quarter in the last FY’23 and that was mainly because 
of lower water availability in the rivers, which is of course beyond 
the control of anybody is a natural resource and the plant availability 
factor which is the real measure of the performance of the plant, 
there we have performed very well and we have remained above 
90% in fact 94% this quarter also. Now that shows that machines 
availability were there, had there been enough water in the river, we 
would have generated almost a similar amount of energy what we 
generated last year, but nevertheless in this next quarter particularly 
July onwards we have been generating quite a good amount of 
energy. So, Q2 would be much better than corresponding Q2 of last 
year. 
As regards to the revenue, let me tell you that revenue was 
approximately 3% higher than the corresponding quarter last year 
and that was mainly because though the generation was less because 
we had certain arrears due to the tariff finalization of 2014-19 period 
and we received certain amount on account of that, so the revenue 
was 3% higher than the corresponding quarter last year, but we have 
maintained the PAT. PAT is almost the same. So, broadly as I told in 
the beginning that we have almost sustained the same performance 
as in the corresponding quarter in the last financial year. So, this was 
broadly on the numbers. Then, there were other achievements on the 
physical terms also. This quarter where we are trying to focus mainly 
on two things, one is that we have two major assets which we want 
to capitalize gradually and improve our balance sheet which are two 
projects. One is Subansiri and the other one is Parbati-II and second, 
in this financial year we are focusing more on the capital 
expenditure. The last year capital expenditure was of the order of 
something like Rs. 7700 Crore. This year, we have kept the target of 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 25 
something like 25% to 30% more than that and this particular quarter 
what we are discussing today, we have been able to achieve the 
target and subsequently also, we are doing that. So, this is a big thing 
what we are focusing. So, this financial year we will be achieving 
more of capex that is by ensuring the constant uninterrupted 
execution of the activities at all the projects which are under 
construction. So, this is just a broader impression of what we 
achieved in this quarter. I think then Director (Finance) I have with 
me. In case he has to say anything, then otherwise we can hand it 
over to the participants for some questions or the queries. 
R.P. Goyal: 
Good morning friends. I am going to share with you quarterly set of 
numbers with the detailed analysis. The NHPC Board has adopted 
quarterly financial results for the period ended 30th June’23 in its 
meeting held on 11th August’23 and the same has already been 
communicated to exchanges. 
Brief highlights of the financial results and important updates on the 
company are as under: 
 During Q1 FY’24, our power stations have achieved generation of 
7787 million units as against 8165 million units generated in 
corresponding period of the previous year which is about 5% lower. 
This is mainly due to lower water availability in Kishanganga, 
Loktak and Dhauliganga Power Stations. 
 Our PAF for Q1 FY24, stands at 94.13% against the corresponding 
previous period of PAF of 98.57% which is about 4% lower. This is 
mainly due to less PAF in Kishanganga, Loktak and TLDP-IV 
Power Stations.  
 For Q1 FY’24, company has earned Revenue from Operations of 
Rs.2571 Crore as against Rs.2491 Crore in the corresponding 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 25 
previous period, which is about 3% higher. The increase in revenue 
is mainly due to increase in Interest from Beneficiaries on account of 
finalization of tariff rate 2014-19 by Rs.70 Crore.  
 Other Income for Q1 FY’24 is of the order of Rs.279 Crore as 
against Rs.216 Crore during the corresponding previous period, 
which is about 29% higher. This is mainly due to increase in 
Dividend Income from NHDC by Rs.28 Crore and increase in 
insurance claim on account of Business Interruption Loss by Rs.34 
Crore for Sewa-II Power Station. 
 During Q1 FY’24, the Generation Expenses have gone up from 
Rs.270 Crore to 518 Crore i.e by Rs.248 Crore which is mainly due 
to applicability of Water Cess in state of Uttarakhand, Sikkim and 
Himachal Pradesh.  
 During Q1 FY’24, the Employee Cost has come down from Rs.307 
Crore to Rs.297 Crore.  
 During Q1 FY’24, there has been decrease in Finance Cost from 
Rs.137 Crore to 115 Crore that is by of Rs.22 Crore which is mainly 
due to change in the average rate of interest by Rs.5 Crore and 
decrease due to repayment of loans by Rs.17 Crore.  
 During Q1 FY’24, the Depreciation and Amortization expenses have 
come down from Rs.287 Crore to Rs.276 Crore which is mainly due 
to completion of 12 years of life of Sewa-II Power Station in FY 
2022-23.  
 During Q1 FY’24, Other Expenses have come down from Rs.507 
Crore to Rs.370 Crore. This is mainly due to Impairment of 
Investment of Rs.106 Crore in respect of Loktak Downstream 
Hydroelectric Power Corporation Limited, a subsidiary company 
during corresponding previous period. Further, CSR expenses have 
also decreased by Rs.30 Crore in current quarter.  

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 During Q1 FY’24, we have earned PAT of Rs.1053 Crore as against 
Rs.1050 Crore of corresponding previous period which is marginally 
higher and the reasons for decrease increase in the line items we 
have just discussed. 
 During Q1 FY’24, the incentive position is as under:  
 PAF based Incentive is nil in this quarter as against Rs.171 Crore in 
corresponding period of previous year. Deviation charges are 12 
Crore as against Rs.72 Crore in corresponding previous period.  
 The PAF incentive for the quarter is nil due to change in 
methodology for recognizing incentive income. The PAF incentive 
shall be recognized once the capacity charges of a particular power 
station is fully recovered and thereafter, we will recognize the PAF 
incentive. So, the recognition of PAF will be back ended now.  
 Capex during Q1 FY24 is Rs.1906 Crore as against Rs.1161 Crore in 
the corresponding period of previous year on consolidated basis.  
 
 The Annual General Meeting of the company for 2022-23 is 
scheduled to be held on 31st August’23. 
 
 Other major highlights of the company: 
 On realization front, NHPC has received Rs.1647 Crore from the 
beneficiaries against sale of energy during Q1 FY’24, as compared 
Rs.1357 Crore in the corresponding period of previous year. Trade 
receivables as on 30th June’23 stands at Rs.6736 Crore as against 
Rs.5887 Crore as on 31st March’23. This includes Rs.3059 Crore as 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 25 
unbilled debtors as on 30th June’23 as against Rs.2757 Crore as on 
31st March’23. 
 The net receivables out of total reported trade receivables as on 30th 
June’23 are as below: 
Reported Trade Receivables are Rs.6736 Crore. This includes 
unbilled debtors Rs. 3059 Crore, so billed receivables are Rs.3677 
Crore. Out of that, debtors for bill discounting for which we have 
already received the amount from beneficiaries but due to 
accounting compulsion, we could not reduce the debtors. The 
amount is Rs.847 Crore on this account. Then debtor’s dues 
converted into installments under Electricity Late Payment 
Surcharge and other orders of Rs.1483 Crore, so net amount of 
debtors dues is Rs.1347 Crore and out of that, more than 45 days are 
only Rs.363 Crore. So, our debtors position has improved a lot.  
 Unbilled Debtors mainly include impact of AFC billed v/s AFC 
claimed as per regulations 2019-20 including security expenses of 
Rs.1584 Crore, unbilled sale for the month of June, 2023 of Rs.851 
Crore and energy shortfall of Rs.347 Crore.  
 Net Trade Receivables as on 9th August’23 i.e. current position of 
the debtors stands at Rs.1728 Crore only which includes more than 
45 days dues of Rs.230 Crore. The major receivables out of billed 
receivables are as under:  
J&K - Rs.443 Crore, UP - Rs.349 Crore, Punjab - Rs.233 Crore, 
Haryana - Rs.139 Crore, West Bengal - Rs.110 Crore and others - 
Rs.454 Crore. So, total Billed Debtors as on 9th August’23 are 1728 
Crore. Out of that, more than 45 days are for J&K - Rs.156 Crore, 
UP - only 10 Crore and others - Rs.64 Crore. So, more than 45 days 
debtors are only Rs.230 Crore.  

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 25 
This is all from my side. Now, the forum is open for question and 
answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. We will take the first question from the line of Mohit Kumar 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good morning Sir. My first question is on what is the status of 
Subansiri and Parbati-II, are you on the track because I saw in the 
CEA that Parbati-II is slipping to FY2025, is that correct? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Ya Mohit, Let me tell you first about Subansiri. Subansiri, in fact, 
physical progress is such that we are all set to now commission the 
project and we will restart the work immediately after the monsoon 
in the month of November and will try to complete everything 
including the commissioning of the unit in the month of January and 
February, so we propose to commission 2 units in FY’24. There 
seems to be no uncertainty as such in Subansiri, so this project is 
going to come in this FY’24.  
                                 As regards to Parbati-II, There, we had planned to commission at 
least couple of units in FY24, but because of the recent floods in 
Himachal Pradesh, now there were torrential rains and because of 
which, it was almost a disaster kind of a situation. This project is the 
one which got impacted the most and which has in fact, disturbed all 
the approaches, access routes, everything. So, there is certain kind of 
impact on the schedule and we are trying to minimize that. But yes, 
at the moment there is very little possibility of commissioning the 
first unit in this financial year but we will still try to reassess the 
situation next month as soon as the monsoon is over and we will try 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 25 
to do something. But if it goes to FY’25, it will be early FY’25 in the 
month of April only. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood Sir. My second question is on the change in accounting 
specific for the PAF based incentive, is it reasonable for us to change 
the recognition and make it more back ended now? 
R.P. Goyal: 
No, there is no change in the regulations it has been changed at our 
own only. Actually what was happening that in first and second 
quarter, we were recognizing PAF incentive in some of the Power 
Stations, but in last quarter or third quarter of the financial year there 
were situations where we had to reverse the PAF incentive due to 
non achievement of the NAPAF. That is why, we have changed the 
system. We will recognize the PAF incentive in later quarters only to 
avoid the reversal. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir my last question, do you see any impact of the IEGC code which 
expected to happen on October 1, 2023. Would it impact our 
earnings in any way on account of PAF or DSM? 
R.P. Goyal: 
DSM has impact on our revenue due to change of the system. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My question is on the IEGC code which is going to come applicable 
from October 1, 2023? 
R K Vishnoi: 
I do not think, IEGC code is going to really impact much on this, but 
still I think we have to assess the situation. I think at the moment we 
are not in a position to comment anything on this. So we will make a 
statement maybe after ascertaining what exactly is going to happen. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sure Sir. Understood Sir. Thank you and best of luck. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prashant 
Kshirsagar from Unived Corporate Research Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: Good morning Sir. Just a question on the Subansiri Middle and 
Subansiri Upper hydro projects which you have been allotted. Just 
wanted to reconcile the capacity of those projects. In your press 
release you have stated that Subansiri Upper is 2000 megawatts 
capacity and Subansiri Middle is 1800 megawatts while in the 
annual report of yours on page 81, the capacity mentioned is 
Subansiri Middle is 1720 megawatts and Subansiri Upper is 1500 
megawatts. Can you help us with reconciliation, how was the figure? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Actually, see these two projects have been recently taken over and 
we are in the process of getting the DPRs also of these two projects. 
So, the capacities which were earlier marked for these two projects 
have been revised now and we foresee that we can install larger 
capacity at these two plants though it will be clear once we update 
the DPRs of both the projects. So at the megawatt, what we see is 
that 2000 megawatt is the upper Subansiri capacity potential and 
1800 megawatt is the middle Subansiri capacity potential. So, with 
these two figures we are going ahead at the moment. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: Yes, but in the annual report when you had mentioned 1500 for 
Subansiri upper, so what was the basis of the calculation or is it just 
that you did not have the data with you or how does it? 
R K Vishnoi: 
I think, we need to check in what respect that has been mentioned, 
but this is the fact what I just mentioned to you. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: Ok Sir, Second question is about Subansiri both Middle and Upper, 
Land acquisition has been done or is it because you have taken it 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 25 
over from the private players, so had they done the land acquisition 
or just incurred the initial cost for that? 
R K Vishnoi: 
So, that is an activity at a later stage. At the moment, they have done 
some initial activities where some investigations have been done and 
some kind of pre-DPR stage activities have been done. So, at that 
stage itself, we have taken over these two projects. So, all other 
things we have to complete ourselves. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: Ok sir, Thanks a lot. That was my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rohit 
Natarajan from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: Thank you for this opportunity. Sir my question is more to do with 
the regulated equity we guided in the last quarter that the regulated 
equity will be Rs.162 billion or Rs.16239 Crore by the end of FY’24, 
now that there are some slippages expected from Parbati how does 
that number look like, both for FY24,  and FY’25? 
R.P. Goyal: 
For the last quarter of FY’24, , there may be some addition into 
regulatory equity on account of Subansiri lower, otherwise it will 
remain at the present level. 
Rohit Natarajan: Ok, You mean to say, it will broadly remaining at Rs.13000 as such? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Yes. For the last one or two months, there may be some additions. 
Rohit Natarajan: But you are reasonably sure that this number will be by the end of 
FY’25 going to Rs.22600 Crore, that number? 
R.P. Goyal: 
That is for sure. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Rohit Natarajan: My second question is to do with the IPO or the stake sale of clean 
energy arm if you could just elaborate on that part Sir? 
R.P. Goyal: 
There is no plan at present as such, in case we add some capacity in 
the solar or wind and that is transferred to our 100% subsidiary 
company and if we require the resources then only we will go for 
IPO of our subsidiary company, otherwise there is no plan as such. 
Rohit Natarajan: My final question is on the pumped hydro storage project if you 
could just elaborate how much is the MoU that you have tied up till 
date and which are the projects that are expected to go in 
construction at least in the near term, what could be the timelines for 
it? 
R.P. Goyal: 
You are asking about the Dibang pumped hydro. 
Rohit Natarajan: Pumped hydro storage project? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Pumped Hydro Storage in fact is the new business domain of NHPC 
where we are trying to enter very aggressively and we have recently 
signed one MoU for the implementation of four projects about 7000 
megawatts in the State of Maharashtra. Also, we have entered into 
an MoU with the State of Gujarat for development of PSPs and then 
Government of Odisha and Government of Andhra Pradesh. So, 
there are four states where we have already moved ahead and this is 
going to be one big business opportunity for NHPC in the near future 
because we see the pumped storage plant is the most emerging 
opportunity in the power sector and you know, we try to jump on it 
at an early stage, so this is how we are doing now. Our all teams are 
there on the ground, they have started working on this. So, pumped 
storage is going to be the mainstay for NHPC now in the near future. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 25 
Rohit Natarajan: Sir if you could give us some targets, as in the projects that you are 
looking for in the near term as in one or two projects that will be 
commissioned by FY’27 or FY’28, what is the timeline that you 
would want to see in these projects? 
R K Vishnoi: 
See any pumped storage plant once you start the construction 
activity on the ground, it is going to take not less than four to five 
years. So, that is after the start of construction activities but before 
that, there are certain investigation matters, there are certain 
clearances, there are certain compliances. So, all that we have started 
doing. That period is something like one to one-and-a-half years. So, 
what we see now is the first pumped storage commissioning maybe 
by the year FY’29, that is the first project which we can commission 
in Maharashtra. That is the vision at the moment, but not before that. 
Rohit Natarajan: Ok, What will be the costing like, what could be the costing per 
megawatt, is it fairly good to say that number will be close to Rs.9 
Crore per megawatt or you know there are multiple figures that are 
floating around, what is your assumption at this point in time? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Yes, in fact if you see there are different kinds of pumped storage 
plant schemes. There is one which is on the main river stream where 
if you really make a project, it is going to cost you much more than 
what you are making off the stream. So, now we are focusing off the 
stream projects also which are costing us less. If you ask me per 
megawatt cost, if it is on the river stream, it is around Rs.8 Crore to 
Rs.9 Crore per megawatt. But if it is off the stream, then it is Rs.6 
Crore to Rs.6.5 Crore per megawatt. Now depending upon the type 
of scheme, and then depending upon the topography, the particular 
outcome of the investigations there, of course this figure may vary 
5% to 10% here and there, but this is broadly the number. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 25 
Rohit Natarajan: Sure Sir. Thank you. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Aniket 
Mittal from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Yes thank you. A few questions. Firstly in your opening remarks, 
you mentioned that you are planning for 20% to 25% higher capex 
refer FY2023 if you could one provide what that amount is for 
FY24,  and break that up across different plants? 
R K Vishnoi: 
I think, the total is Rs.10857 Crore. The Director (Finance) will give 
the detail. 
R.P. Goyal: 
Total capex as we have planned is Rs.10857 Crore including our 
subsidiary and joint ventures and if you are interested in project wise 
numbers, I can share the same. The Parbati-II we have planned for 
Rs.595 Crore, Subansiri Lower we have planned Rs.787 Crore, 
Dibang Rs.712 Crore, then Teesta-IV our project which is under 
investigation Rs.25 Crore, Dugar Rs.320 Crore, then Sawalkot 
Rs.143 Crore, Subansiri Upper Rs.121 Crore. Subansiri Middle 
Rs.217 Crore, then Solar as a whole Rs.2517 Crore, then Pakal Dul 
in subsidiary company Rs.1215 Crore, Kiru Rs.857 Crore, Kwar 
Rs.220 Crore, then Lanco Teesta-VI project Rs.1151 Crore, Rangit-
IV Rs.455 Crore, Ratle Rs.454 Crore. That is all. 
Aniket Mittal: 
The numbers that you have given for the subsidiaries and JVs those 
are your share of the capex or is it the entire capex? 
R.P. Goyal: 
This is entire capex. 
Aniket Mittal: 
The next question was in your opening remarks you also mentioned 
that there are certain arrears that you have received for this quarter, 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 25 
just wanted to understand what has been the total amount for, for 
what purpose has it come and is there any portion in that, that is 
sustainable in nature? 
R.P. Goyal: 
That is a small number only Rs.80 Crore, which is on account of 
arrear sales including interest. 
Aniket Mittal: 
This is like a onetime item that is coming? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Yes. This is one time. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Just on Parbati, I wanted to understand what is the type of work that 
is remaining on the tunnel, has the tunnel been completed, have we 
started with the lining work if you could throw some light there? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Yes, the main issue was there in the Parbati was the excavation of 
the tunnel which was becoming too challenging and we were doing 
excavation by two different construction technologies. One was 
through tunnel boring machine, the other was through drill and 
blasting method. Now, while we were about to complete this 
excavation and this all disaster took place last month. We were left 
with hardly anything now, I think 65 meter is the only portion which 
is left for excavation now and we have made preparations to start 
lining immediately and we have also planned to do lining in an 
expeditious manner by deploying the most efficient construction 
technology. So, that is what we are trying to do here, but this has 
been a setback the floods in July in Himachal. Otherwise, in Parbati-
II, everything is inline, machines are ready, the tunnel is also 
excavated fully almost except 65 meters, so we do not see any other 
uncertainty except that we get some time now to complete this 
excavation and start the lining. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Aniket Mittal: 
What is the amount of lining work that is remaining? 
R K Vishnoi: 
It is 2900 meters, so approximately 3 kilometers you can say. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Just one clarification. Sir you mentioned that there could be some 
amount of regulated equity addition to Subansiri as the two units are 
commissioned. Just to understand how the tariff get determined, 
would you take the entire capital cost divide that by four, how does 
that process work? 
R.P. Goyal: 
In fact, tariff will be fixed by dividing four. In case in two units, total 
capital expenditure will be divided by four and tariff will be fixed 
accordingly. So in the initial period, tariff will be high and in the 
books, expenditure will be more than what we would be able to 
recover in tariff, but that will be for some period only. 
Aniket Mittal: 
So you will essentially take the estimated project costs for Subansiri 
and then divide it by four let us say commissioning two units each 
and count that as regulated equity? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Yes for tariff purpose, actual expenditure will be divided by four and 
the tariff will be fixed accordingly. 
Aniket Mittal: 
Thank you. Those are my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Riya 
Mehta from Equitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My first question is in 
regarding with Subansiri when do we expect it to get commissioned 
and what kind of cost overruns are we seeing for Parbati-II as well as 
Subansiri? 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 25 
R K Vishnoi: 
As I said in the beginning, for Subansiri Lower, we are all set to 
commission the project but due to all because of this intervening 
monsoon season that we had to put everything on hold to 
commission the project. Now, we will restart the activities in the 
middle of October and in another three months’ time, we will try to 
commission at least the first unit and the second unit subsequently. 
So as I said, as far as lower Subansiri is concerned, there is no 
uncertainty left now. These two units will come in this financial 
year.  
                                 Parbati-II, I just mentioned we had a plan to commission two units in 
this financial year but there has been a setback because of some 
floods in Himachal Pradesh. So I think, these two units will go in 
early FY’25. 
Riya Mehta: 
What kind of cost overruns are we seeing because of this delay? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Subansiri as we are doing it on schedule, hardly any cost overrun 
except for three to four months IDC would be there, But regarding 
Parbati-II, there could be some additional costs which we will be 
incurring on making damages good which have happened because of 
the floods and some other expenditures like expeditiously 
completing the lining and then deploying some construction 
technologies which are normally nonconventional. So because of 
that, some cost increase could be there but it is not really substantial 
which is going to cost much or impact much on the tariff. 
Riya Mehta: 
In terms of pumped hydro storage project, what is the business 
model and what kind of margins should we expect from these MoUs 
and how long and when do we see this execution starting from? 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 25 
R K Vishnoi: 
Pumped storage plants at the moment are an essential component of 
the grid of the country. Now this particular asset can be used in 
many ways but as far as our margin is concerned, of course, it will 
be a regulated margin but how we are going to use it, what models 
will we be implementing for this, there are several options like we 
can even combine this pumped storage plant with renewable energy 
assets where we can have the unintermittent power from the 
renewable energy, day power which we can convert into round the 
clock power by using the pumped storage plants and then finally 
supplying it to the consumers like who needs round the clock power 
like the railways and the other industries. The other could be that the 
grid stability where the transmission system particularly whether it is 
state transmission system or the national transmission system. 
Because of some kind of overload and under load conditions, if we 
have to either inject the power or absorb the power then these are the 
assets which can immediately come handy for this. There are 
ancillary services where we can monetize the ancillary services for 
pumped storage plants but what I am trying to say, it is much 
different from the normal hydropower project where we generate 
electricity and we supply the electricity. It is not only generation 
alone, it is the conversion of electricity from one form to the other 
and that could happen in many ways. It could assist the transmission 
system, it could assist the generators like the renewable power 
generators and it could also assist the DISCOMs where DISCOMs 
are under stress, so this is how these pumped storage plants are very 
useful but in what manner we are going to use it, that will of course 
depend upon where this particular asset is situated and what could be 
the best use of that asset in that particular topography.  

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 25 
Riya Mehta: 
What kind of margins we will be seeing in this kind of projects like 
per megawatt or something ROI? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Per megawatt cost as I said it will vary from anything between 
Rs.6.5 Crore to Rs.8.5 Crore per megawatt that is the cost of 
development, but as far as margins are concerned. 
R.P. Goyal: 
ROI will be at the rate of 16.5% as in the case of hydro project. 
Riya Mehta: 
In case from Pump hydro project 16.5? 
R.P. Goyal: 
16.5. 
Riya Mehta: 
These also include the escalation like we have in the normal project? 
R.P. Goyal: 
That will be on cost plus basis similar to hydro project. 
Riya Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nikhil 
Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Thank you sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, we have been 
handed to bid out renewable project for this year. So, what is the 
expected bidding from our side this year and what all things are in 
pipeline? 
R K Vishnoi: 
So in fact, there are different modes. We have already bidout 
capacities of something like 1000 MW under CPSU scheme, but at 
the moment recently we have bid out for 3 gigawatt i.e. 3000 
megawatt capacity. That is a part of the total 10 gigawatt capacity 
which you have to roll out this particular financial year. So, 3 
gigawatt we have already done it and 7 gigawatt will come 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 25 
gradually. That is mandate which has been given to NHPC and as 
soon as, we finalize this capacity, then immediately we will roll out 
the further tender for this. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Of this 7, the entire tendering process is also yet to start? 
R.P. Goyal: 
For 3 gigawatt we already started tendering process. NIT has been 
floated but one thing I want to clarify that there will be no capex 
from our side, we will be just intermediary. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Understood, but we are confident of achieving 10 gigawatt this 
fiscal? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Sir, any update on Sawalkot tender? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Sawalkot is a project in the pipeline and there are certain last stage 
compliances and some kind of understanding with the state 
government which is almost now through. We are ready with the 
tender document and very shortly, we will issue the NIT for the civil 
works as well as the other packages for Sawalkot. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Sir you mentioned that the consolidated capex is around Rs.109 
billion so what will be the standalone number? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Rs.5700 Crore. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Sir just a last question if I may add. You mentioned that we might 
even look at monetizing ancillary services for pumped hydro storage, 
so how will it actually happen, so will it be on by bilateral basis, 
short term, medium and long term agreements or will it be through 
exchanges? 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 25 
R K Vishnoi: 
See, the Government has issued the guidelines now and there are 
certain more guidelines which are in the making at the moment 
where the developer of pumped storage plant would be free to enter 
into bilateral agreement with any of the industry directly or the end 
user also and he is also free to convert that power into either repeat 
power or round the clock power and sell it through the exchanges. 
So, both the options are available and this has been thrown open now 
and this has been left to the market. So, this is how it is going. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Sir right now can you see, is there any traction in the ancillary 
market to exchanges or even say bilateral markets? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Yes, already we have started filling the demand and as you know the 
compliances are getting stricter day-by-day. These requirement of 
compliances on account of ancillary services are becoming more 
stringent and because of which the importance and significance of 
this pumped storage plant asset is coming to fore. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Understood. Can you quantify the bids that we are already quoting 
in ancillary markets? 
R K Vishnoi: 
Nothing of that sort has been done yet but see, first we are focusing 
on starting the project and then, we will focus on what model we will 
enter into the market. 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  Ok sir, Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gopal 
Nawandhar from SBI Life. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 25 
Gopal Nawandhar: Sir I want to know the renewable projects which are getting 
commissioned in FY’24, FY’25 and FY’26 and the projects we 
target to bid for our capex for the next two to three years? 
R.P. Goyal: 
At present, we are working on one Kalpi solar power project (65 
megawatt) in our subsidiary i.e. BSUL and then, we are working in 
CPSE scheme (1000 megawatt). Out of that, 300 megawatt is being 
constructed by Tata Power in Bikaner, that will be commissioned in 
the current financial year and the rest of the capacity 700 megawatt 
will be commissioned in FY24-25. We have just received a letter of 
award from Gujarat for 200 megawatt solar capacity for which we 
are in the process of awarding EPC contract. This is the solar 
capacity which is likely to come up in FY23-24 & FY24-25. One 
more 88 megawatt Floating Solar Project is being done by our 
subsidiary company i.e. NHDC. That will also come up in the 
current financial year. 
Gopal Nawandhar: Any target we have in terms of the bidding for every year, for the 
next two to three years? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Actually, we are keeping our Return on Equity at least 12%. So in 
case we are able to achieve this 12% ROE, only then we will take 
solar projects. That is why, we have not kept the higher target for 
solar capacity. We are doing selective projects only. 
Gopal Nawandhar: If you can just highlight some of these regulations which are going 
to come for next year. How do you see impact of these regulations 
on NHPC, do you see any more incentives being given to hydro or is 
there any expectations of return being cut or something which you 
can just give some highlight? 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 25 
R.P. Goyal: 
In nutshell, we will not be loser on account of new regulations to 
come. There may be some benefit, but we are waiting for the draft 
regulations as of now. We have given our comments. We are 
demanding more Return on Equity but that is to be seen. 
Gopal Nawandhar: Sure Sir. Thanks a lot Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Riya 
Mehta from Equitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Thank you for the followup. We have signed the Pump Storage 
MoUs, so any concrete plans from when these revenues will start 
flowing or what kind of opportunity are we seeing further on this and 
what will be the revenue potential from this? 
R K Vishnoi: 
As I said, these are the first memorandum of understanding with the 
state government where we have agreed to develop these pumped 
storage plants in the particular state. Now, NHPC will start work on 
the ground and the first thing is of course the investigations, what 
kind of project, what kind of scheme and then how this scheme can 
be optimized on account of cost and timeline. So, all these things 
will be done and they may be completed in next one to one-and-a-
half year’s time. Once that is complete, then we will start the 
construction also but before that, of course, there will be another 
agreement with the state government where the permissions for 
starting the construction and then finally fetching the power and then 
operating the plant in that particular state would be there. Then the 
mode of operation of this pumped storage plant would also be added 
there. So at the moment, we are at a very early stage but yes we have 
already set the ball rolling. 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Riya Mehta: 
Sir in terms of cost of borrowing what was your average rate? 
R.P. Goyal: 
Our average rate is around 7.7% as of now. 
Riya Mehta: 
So for the September since we see torrential rains in the month of 
July as well, do we expect little lower PAF or something like that? 
R K Vishnoi: 
In fact, there were couple of plants which remained shut down for 
about a week or 10 days but then because of the more water 
availability, we generated quite a good amount of energy in the 
month of July. So as far as PLF is concerned, PLF is not going to go 
down but PAF certainly it got impacted. 
Riya Mehta: 
Sorry, What was impacted I cannot hear you? 
R K Vishnoi: 
PAF the plant availability factor. That seems to be available, that got 
impacted because the plants remain shut down for about a week or 
10 days. 
Riya Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prashant 
Kshirsagar from Unived Corporate Research. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: Thanks for the followup question Sir. Just wanted to clarify one 
thing that you will be preparing fresh DPR and technocommercial 
due diligence for Subansiri middle and upper now or is it that you 
will rely on the earlier DPRs done by professional consultant EY? 
R K Vishnoi: 
See, NHPC is a very competent engineering organization. So, we 
will first update the DPR and review the DPR ourselves and we will 
try to optimize not only the cost, rather technical competence of the 
project also. We will update the DPR completely for both the 

 
 
 
NHPC Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 25 
projects. Of course, there will be guidance from the previous DPR 
but not completely. 
Prashant Kshirsagar: In the question and answer session, you mentioned the capital 
expenditure to be done for Subansiri middle and upper also. So, what 
kind of capex is this if you can help us? 
R K Vishnoi: 
This is just the cost incurred and takeover of these two projects 
because the earlier developers have spent a lot of amount on 
development of these projects. So, there was a scheme of 
Government of India that whatever amount is visible on the site or 
which is meaningful at the moment can be reimbursed to them and 
the project can be taken over. So, it is that capex which we are 
proposing now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constrains, that 
would be the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rupesh Sankhe for closing remarks. Over to 
you! 
Rupesh Sankhe: 
We thank Mr. R K Vishnoi Sir for giving us an opportunity to host 
this call and we also thank all the investors and analysts for joining 
this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. 
R.K. Vishnoi: 
Thank you everybody who participated in this conversation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir! Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Elara Securities 
Private Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
