... -
SOBHA 
PASS I ON A T WORK 
Date: June oi, 2023 
To 
The Deputy Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 532784 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
To 
The Manager 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: SOBHA 
Sub: Tran~cript of Meeting with Analysts/ Institutional Investors 
In continuation of our letter dated May 27, 2023, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
conference call held on Monday, the 29th day of May, 2023 with the Investors/ Analysts to brief 
the operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2023. 
We request you to take the aforesaid information on record in terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the same is available on 
the website of the Company. 
Yours sincerely, 
FOR SOBHA LIMITED 
~ 
VIGHNESHWARGBHAT 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: 16651 
SOBH A LIMITED 
REGD & CORPO RATE OFFICE : 'SOBHA', SARJAPUR - MARATHAHALLI OUTER RING ROAD. BELLANDUR POST. BANGALORE · 560 103, INDIA 
CIN: L4520 1KA 1995PLC0 l 8475 \TEL : +91 -80-49320000 \ FAX: +9 180 49320444 \ www.sobha.com 
VIGHNESH
WAR 
GOPALAKR
ISHNA 
BHAT
Digitally signed 
by 
VIGHNESHWAR 
GOPALAKRISHN
A BHAT 
Date: 2023.06.02 
14:52:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Sobha Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Results Conference Call” 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAGADISH NANGINENI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SOBHA LIMITED 
 
MR. YOGESH BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SOBHA LIMITED 
 
MR. VIGHNESHWAR BHAT – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER – SOBHA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DARSHIT SHAH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
SOBHA 
. 
• 
•• 
• •• 
•• 
•• •• 
• • 
•• •• ••• 
••••• ••• 
••••• ••• 
••••• •••• 
-
SOBHA 
{I ICICI Securities 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sobha Limited Q4 FY '23 Results Conference 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Darshit Shah from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Darshit Shah: 
Hi, everyone. Good evening. ICICI Securities welcome you to the Q4 FY '23 Results Conference 
Call of Sobha Limited. We have with us the management team represented by Mr. Jagadish 
Nangineni, Managing Director; Mr. Yogesh Bansal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Vighneshwar 
Bhat, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. I would now hand over the call to the 
management team for their opening remarks, post which we will open the floor to Q&A. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Thank you, Darshit. Good evening, everyone. Sobha team and I are happy to interact with you 
post our yearly results of this financial year '22-'23. The investor presentation, as you know, 
based on the audited financial results adopted by the Board can be accessed from sobha.com. 
In this call, we would like to touch upon our last year performance and briefly on the outlook 
for the coming year and beyond. FY 2023 has been an excellent year for us, particularly in two 
areas - sales, and cash flows. We achieved record sales every quarter from Q1 all the way to Q4, 
ending with 34% from growth from financial year '22 at ₹5,198 crores. 
Our cash flow focus has also resulted in highest ever cash flow in collection and net cash flow 
generation, helping us reduce our debt by ₹697 crores, highest ever in our history. We started 
the year, as you would know, cautiously in the backdrop of geopolitical tensions, increasing 
interest rates, high inflationary environment, and increasing real estate prices. But we are very 
positively surprised by our customer optimism and that has helped us deliver our stupendous 
real estate performance. 
We have launched nine projects during the year, seven in Bangalore, one in Trivandrum and one 
in Hyderabad, two new city additions for us. Consistent launches during the year has surely 
helped us keeping our sales momentum intact throughout the year. During the year, we have 
seen the highest ever increase in our price realization, too, aided by new launches and also 
release of new towers in existing projects at higher prices, pricing in the increased cost for us. 
Collections from real estate has also been highest this year, aided by the increased sales and 
improved milestone achievement during the year. This is the first-year post COVID where we 
could operate without any pandemic-related interruptions, and that has really helped in this 
improved performance. And surely, this has helped us achieve our highest net debt reduction 
too. 
As you would have seen in the financials, margins is still a matter of concern, which is due to 
recognition of higher costs in our contractual projects, write-offs in some of our very old 
receivables in manufacturing divisions. We believe the lower margins in the contractual and 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
manufacturing business is largely taken care of in this financial year and might last for another 
quarter or so. We anticipate to grow this business next year too with better margins and better 
working capital management. While we continue to execute our current order book, new projects 
will also be sought within our financial and operational requirements. 
With the overall economic environment being optimistic, particularly in the cities that we 
operate in, we are very optimistic about our growth in the next year too. The extent of growth, 
of course, is dependent on two factors: one, ability to launch new projects and the sales velocity, 
which we can achieve in the new project launches. We plan to launch about 7 million to 8 million 
square feet in FY '24, starting from Q2 against 4 million that we have done in FY '23. We are 
gearing to increasing our pipeline of projects in the coming years, too. 
With this brief commentary, I would like to hand it over to Yogesh, our Chief Financial Officer, 
to give his commentary on the financial performance. 
Yogesh Bansal: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us. I will just quickly go through some of the 
financial highlights for the quarter and FY'23. During the quarter, we have handed over 1.36 
million square feet with a value of ₹956 crores, and for the year, 3.71 million square feet with 
value of ₹2,524 crores to our customers. Revenue for the quarter was ₹1,240 crores and for the 
year ₹3,402 crores. So our total revenue was up by 29% as compared to FY '22. 
During the year, we have generated highest ever Net cashflows of ₹697 crores, achieved through 
our financial discipline. This has helped us reduce net debt number by 30% in FY'23. We have 
also managed to keep our borrowing cost under control. Our EBITDA for the year was ₹462 
crores at 13.6% EBITDA margin. And our PAT for the year was at ₹100 crores. 
During this year, we have recognized many projects which were sold mostly pre-COVID.                                 
Our major part of the construction cost was incurred in last 2 years. So basically, margin was 
low because of spike in commodity price. Once we start handing over more recent projects, 
margins are expected to improve. 
With this, I would like to thank you all for participation. And now we can open the floor for 
question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Puneet from HSBC. 
Puneet: 
Congratulations on good sales performance and meaningful debt reduction. My first question is 
with respect to your launches. You talked about 7 million square feet to 8 million square feet of 
launches for fiscal '24 versus 4 million square feet in '23. Your overall launch pipeline was about 
14.5 million square feet if I remember correctly. How should one think of this? I mean, what is 
the visibility on these 7 million square feet to 8 million square feet launch, and why not more? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening, Puneet. The launch pipeline that we currently have, which is in the forthcoming 
projects, like you have seen, it's about 14 million square feet. These are all at various stages of 
development. Some are in design stage, some are in approval stage, some are in just initiated 
stage. So basis the stage of where the projects are, we are confident of at least doing 7 million 
square feet this year. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
And of course, it also depends on some of the approval time lines. But we are reasonably there 
in terms of ability to launch this. And going beyond also, the remaining pipeline that we have, I 
think we should be able to do that also in the next subsequent year. So overall, whatever we have 
in terms of the forthcoming projects, that we should be able to launch it in the next couple of 
years, starting from next quarter. 
Puneet: 
Is there any risk of approvals or delay in the context of changing political landscape? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
As such, we don't see any kind of such risk barring few days, weeks, and months here and there, 
but there is no as such change in any kind of environment. And here, we are talking about 
launches across multiple cities. So hence, even if there is some kind of delays or uncertainties 
that can come in, we think it's largely going to be in timeline rather than anything else. 
Puneet: 
So is it possible to give a breakup of these 7 to 8 million square feet, where should we expect, 
in what all projects? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So we should expect at least about 5 million square feet of this in Bangalore and about 1 million 
in NCR and remaining in other cities. 
Puneet: 
My second question is on cash - debt reduction. You've made a meaningful progress in debt 
reduction. Congratulations once again. Really good to see that. Do you still intend to reduce debt 
further? Or are you happy with the current debt and rather use the cash flows for building for 
growth? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
You are right. The debt reduction what we have done this financial year is also not something 
which we planned for. But the strong cash flow that we could manage month-on-month has 
clearly resulted in this debt reduction. However, we have started using cash flows for building 
up new pipeline of projects, too, which we can see that there is - in Q1 and Q2 of last year, we 
have done ₹200-plus crores in the first couple of quarters in debt reduction. And subsequent Q3, 
Q4, it has been about ₹100-plus crores. So part of that cash flow is being used for new business 
development. 
However, the going forward - first, actually, the debt level that we have currently is far more 
comfortable to us than what it was about 1 / 1.5 years ago. So that gives a great comfort. And 
clearly, the optimistic scenario of the current economic environment and what we had, we 
ourselves are positively surprised with the kind of demand that is out there. So we would like to 
aim for growth and allocate far more capital towards growth than just debt reduction. That's one. 
Second is, with the increased sales, even in the next financial year, we will have to spend a little 
bit more on the construction outflow. So both put together, I think we might not see similar kind 
of debt reduction as what we have seen in this financial year. So from a capital allocation, it's 
partly increased spend in construction costs and partly in the capital allocation for growth. 
Puneet: 
But you're still aiming for some sort of debt reduction in fiscal '24? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
We will end up reducing debt, the extent of which might not be in the same level, but it will 
reduce. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Puneet: 
It will reduce. Okay. That's good. Lastly, any update on the new monetization of land in Hosur, 
Hoskote etc? Any progress there? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Yes. Hosur, like we have been wanting to monetize it through plotted development to start with. 
And in bits and pieces, we have started selling some of the land parcels wherever we could find 
the right pricing now that Hosur as a location also has developed. Unfortunately, in the plotted 
development, we had hit some speed bumps, which I think we should be able to resolve in the 
coming few months, and we should be ready to reinitiate the approval process and whatever time 
it takes. We aim to launch the project this financial year unless there is something else that we 
cannot see right now, but that's one of the things that we have in our pipeline this financial year. 
Puneet: 
So that's included in the 5 million square feet Bangalore launch? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
No, that we have not taken that yet because that's an additional bonus that comes in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak Securities. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Just two questions from my side. One, if I look at the cash flow statement, which is on Slide 8, 
if I look at full year '23, the contracts and manufacturing division, and if I just look at the inflow 
and the outflow, the outflow exceeds the inflow. Even if I look at FY '22, while the performance 
was better than '23, not much to cheer about. How should I think of those cash flows from the 
contracts and manufacturing division going forward? That's point number one. 
And the second is, if I look at the balance sheet, which is on Slide 25, I see a large jump in the 
other noncurrent assets, which is roughly about ₹3.7 billion going to about ₹9.3 billion. Any 
specifics around that, that we should know of? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening, Murtuza. To answer your first question regarding the cash flow on contract. Like 
I was saying, this year has been a year where from an operations point of view, we have a lot of 
projects which were coming to completion where we had to spend extra, and corresponding 
inflow based on old contracts has been a little lower and second is from working capital 
management in some of our divisions like Glazing. So it's been a little bit of a challenge because 
of, again, old milestone payment plans and what we had to execute against it. So we think that 
we can improve upon it in the future. And that's one of the financial frameworks that we had put 
in place to make sure that the contractual and manufacturing division that we intend to continue 
to grow, but on a basis where it is financially far more better for us. And hence, that's the outlook 
for us in the future. 
To answer your second question, which is related to the balance sheet item. Yogesh, you would 
like to take that. 
Yogesh Bansal: 
Yes, can you repeat your question? 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
If I just look at the year-on-year comparison on the balance sheet, the other noncurrent assets 
have jumped from about ₹3.7 billion in March '22 to about ₹9.3 billion. There is an increase in 
inventories and other current liabilities, which I can understand is normal course of business. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
But if you could explain on the other noncurrent assets, if there is anything specific that we 
should know. 
Yogesh Bansal: 
This other non-current asset has increased because of land advances. During the year, we have 
reclassified some of the advances from current to non-current advances. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Congrats on a great year. First is on some interesting changes in the launch pipeline. So 
obviously, Hosur, you explained that it has been moved out because of some minor blip. But in 
NCR, we have - I can see a couple of projects added. Those are fresh acquisitions? And can you 
share some more details about which sector it is?. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good Evening Pritesh. In NCR, we did a new deal in the last quarter, which is reflected in the 
pipeline for forthcoming projects. In addition, second one is, we had signed up with Karma a 
few years ago. And that project also would come into pipeline, and we have clear visibility on 
launching that. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
In which micro market does this new land is located? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
The new land that we have taken up, it's also on Dwarka Expressway, very near to our existing 
projects. And I think with the development and completion of the Dwarka Expressway, we 
believe that it's a very interesting and high demand market. And we believe that it's a profitable 
transaction. Hence, we have taken up that project. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And the old one is, I suppose, Sector 81 in New Gurgaon. Is it correct? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
That's right, Sector 81. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And second question is, any timelines on Hoskote specifically, if you want to highlight, is it 
included in our Bangalore launch or should be FY '25? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So on Hoskote land, Pritesh, we have been working on consolidating and also started initiating 
design for the project. So in this financial year, I think during the second half, we should be able 
to crystallize on the extent of first phase or a couple of phases of launch. This is a large land 
parcel. So we would like to take it in phases. And the master planning and the overall planning, 
we will initiate this year as we get clarity on the clear land parcels that we can develop on. So 
once that is crystallized probably by end of this year, calendar year or so, we should have a clear 
visibility on the launching of that project, too. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And one last on your area not offered for sale, we saw a very sharp decline from 7 
million square feet last quarter to around 2 million square feet now. I guess it's because of launch 
of further new phases in Dream Garden, and also a Gurgaon project, Sobha City, or are there 
any other movements apart from these? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Yes. That's a good observation, Pritesh. There are two reasons for that. One, of course, is the 
launch of the new towers in the existing project. Second, we also clearly have defined what is 
an ongoing project and what is a forthcoming project. So as a definition, we have said that 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
ongoing project is the one where we have a RERA registration, and whichever is not satisfying 
to that, that we have moved into forthcoming. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. I have a couple of more questions, but I'll jump back into the queue. That's it from 
my side, all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhant Dand from Goodwill Warehousing. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Sir, you know, we saw a chain of events. There was a SEBI issue, there was an ED issue, fire 
compliance issue. More recently, there was an IT raid. And I think promoter has also taken a 
nonexecutive role. When do we see these issues getting resolved and how many are left to be 
resolved? And what role will the promoter play going ahead, both PNC Menon and Ravi Menon? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Yes. I'll take up the second question first. The promoter, of course, as you know, they have 
business in UAE, too, and that business also has grown quite a bit in the last couple of years. So 
there is a lot of comfort in terms of the scale of the business that has been achieved there. And 
Mr. Menon also becoming older and would like to take a step back, and hence, Mr. Ravi Menon 
has taken over as a group co-Chairman in Dubai, which requires a certain element of 
geographical presence there and hence moved into a nonexecutive role. 
But at the same time, I would see this very positively because, one, group health always is very 
helpful for a group company, which is based in India. And second, in the last 2 or 3 years, as we 
expanded the city presence of our company, our ability to manage business through virtual and 
monitoring on a continuous basis has been very effective. And that, I think, will continue with 
the kind of promotor focus and ability to manage it irrespective of the geographical location. So 
both would contribute; I mean, I don't see it as any kind of negative there. In fact, very positive 
for us. 
Second, on the issues related to the various agencies, apart from the recent IT search that has 
occurred, the other matters have largely been dealt with or which has been communicated and 
no further development there, as such. And hence, I think, majority of the issues are past for us. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. So, the IT issue is the only one that's resolved. What about the ED, where the case is still 
going on, the 2007-2008 one? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Yes. That's an ongoing matter. But as we have communicated, in December last year, they had 
provisionally attached some assets, and we are taking a legal recourse to that. So right now, it's 
in a judicial platform, so we wait to see how it turns out. But we are very confident that we will 
come out without any damage. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. So you expect to overturn the assets that they have attached? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
That's what we've been given, and the timing of that, it's anyone's guess based on how the 
progress happens in the division. 
Siddhant Dand: 
Okay. Okay. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruvesh Sanghvi from Prospero Tree. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Yes. Congratulations for a good full year on balance sheet management, operational 
management, and a lot of things. Just to expand on the previous question. Would you like to say 
that when -- I mean, officially, Ravi Menon is now a Non-Executive Chairman. So is there no 
executive role, or what kind of decision making will he be involved, if at all. Some more light 
on it. 
I think I understood the rationale that he's gone there for taking a handover on the global 
businesses as well. But I was under the impression he will participate in the Indian operations to 
whatever extent he can. So whatever can be said there, it would be great if you can? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Thank you, Dhruvesh. Yes, you are right that he has moved from an executive role to a non-
executive role. And since last 1 year, I have clearly overlapped with him in terms of some of the 
operations that he was handling as well. So it's been a year, where we could work together. And 
going forward also, his involvement would be in a non-executive far more strategic and ability 
to contribute from his exposure to the other international markets and bringing in that know-how 
into our Indian operations and guide us in that front. 
And of course, periodically also review or go through the operations as and when that is required. 
So the focus of the promoters in the India business is extremely high given that this is where 
they have started the entire real estate business. And we have worked really hard to bring it up 
to this stage. And we have a great platform where I think we can continue to grow from here. So 
from a growth point of view, from a focus point of view, they're completely on the ball here. 
And from a time perspective, I think his ability to add value is far more strategic and that will 
be very helpful too.  
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Right. One more part is, I just wanted to understand on - we have discussed about margins 
multiple times. But just to understand it from our context of some of the fixed cost or the cost 
metric perspective, we see employee cost to be in the range of ₹300 crores for the year and the 
items under the items of other expenses are approximately ₹500 crores. 
So ballpark this ₹800 crores for a real estate company, isn’t it just dramatically too high for us? 
Or what can we do? Because what happens here is that let's say, if there's a small builder having 
8 or 10 or 15 buildings being managed, a large portion of these overheads are not there. So when 
will we really see a large margin or a normalized margin coming into play? Because if we are 
selling 4 million, 5 million square feet a year, one would really expect that a builder of our nature 
should at least make ₹1,000 of profit out of ₹8,000 sale ticket size. And when do we really see 
this translating into the P&L? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Yes, you are looking at these costs, Dhruvesh, but the employee cost is the total cost -- you 
know, we are a backward integrated company, so hence the cost of the employees or the whole 
3,400 plus employees would be there and part of which gets into the cost of the product. And 
hence, I don't think that's a major concern given the operating model that we have, right? But 
the other bit, which is on the other costs, right, which is also -- a lot of it is also related to the 
project costs… 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Yes, I mean, I do understand that a partial would be variable from it and partial will be fixed. 
But my essential question is that when do we see margins coming on the P&L? I mean, is it like 
another 3 years away where we see dramatic improvements of the visibility of what we saw in 
the past. Basically, we have been selling 4 million square feet for nearly 4/5 years now. When 
does the benefit of these 4 million square feet translate to see in the revenue and cost booked 
leading to at least ₹600, ₹700, ₹800 per square feet profitability for us, forget about even ₹1,000? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Sure. Like I mentioned in my opening comments, now the next clear target for us in terms of 
how we can keep improving our margins. So first, like FY '23, we have worked on our 
contractual and manufacturing and tried to see what best we can do for improvement in this 
financial year. So which we will start seeing that in this financial year. 
Second is on the real estate side. We would continue to see some kind of margin pressure in the 
coming next few quarters. But basis our current estimate, we can see clear turnaround coming 
from Q4 of this financial year, where, Dhruvesh, we think that current margins, I mean, PAT 
margins of about currently it's about 3%, those should clearly improve, in our estimate, at least 
double or, in fact, more - 2x to 2.5x at least if we can achieve. 
Dhruvesh Sanghvi: 
Okay. Okay. Yes. That is the direction I was looking at. And last part is, in terms of models, 
because now we will be starting some sort of business development activities, either in the form 
of land purchase, JVs. Based on the experience, what is our preference? 
Should we probably move towards as much as more complete ownership model, because the 
troubles that we are facing today are a large part is because of some JV partner or some things 
which were not correctly managed in the past on that area. Is there a preference or a huge caution 
in terms of whom are we partnering with for the land tie-ups or whom are we buying the land 
from, etc.? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Well, Dhruvesh, I've not placed any kind of wrong calls that we have taken in the past. I mean, 
those were taken at that point of time with the right earnest, and it is some sort of a butterfly 
effect, which is unforeseen even for any of us. So those points -- I mean, if we have to learn on 
that and try to see if we can do anything different. Yes, of course, our process of business 
development, part of it is one of the criteria is to minimize this kind of issues that might come 
up in future, but complete ownership versus a joint development model, that will continue to be 
a financial decision to basis - in the sense that if you find some opportunity which is excellent 
and which is an ownership-based only, we will go ahead with it. However, since we have 
reasonable land bank right now, where we can launch projects which is own land, I think focus 
first is to do projects on those and while we do business development in the form of a joint 
development model. So while the cash flows from these own land projects improve, our ability 
to do business development in ownership model will also be enhanced, which I think in the next 
year, couple of years, that we will be able to see, and that model will also increase its share in 
our business development. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sanghvi, may we request that you return to the question queue for the follow-up questions. 
We'll take the next question from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Parvez Qazi: 
Congrats for a great set of numbers. So my question is on the demand environment. Obviously, 
numbers have been pretty good. What kind of pricing uptick have we seen in our projects during 
the last year? And how do we see the outlook going ahead? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
You would have seen in the presentation and in the operational numbers we have been coming 
out with, the last year price realization, we have improved upon by 17%, which is probably one 
of the highest we have done in a long time. But at the same time, I don't think that's something 
that similar performance we can continue. We are not really factoring any kind of major price 
increases going forward. 
Of course, it will be, again, dependent on the kind of demand scenario, but cost-led price 
increases clearly sort of softened out, but the demand-led increases and also new pricing that we 
will do based on the new cost that we have baked in, those will continue. And I think we should 
roughly be inflationary or similar pricing is what we can achieve this year. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. And in terms of land acquisition capex, do you have a number in mind with regards to 
what kind of projects do you want to add every year or any particular geography where you want 
to increase your focus? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So we already have, Parvez, in terms of committed land payments for our existing lands and also 
the new developments that we would like to take up. So our focus geographical areas for us in 
the immediate future would be Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad, and NCR. These are our current 
operating markets where we think that the potential is high. And we can see a secular growth in 
these locations. 
So we will pursue opportunities in these locations. Of course, Bangalore, we already have a good 
presence, and hence, our ability to launch projects in our own land or in already existing deals 
will really help us. But we will continue to pursue new transactions there as well. 
Second market for us which is exciting is NCR. NCR was the first non-Bangalore city last year 
which has done ₹1,000 crores sales. So I think there is a huge potential. We have been there in 
the market for more than 13 years. And there we have delivered projects. So we think that any 
incremental investments there would be adding to our growth there. So that's second. Pune and 
Hyderabad also are very exciting markets. And there also, we would pursue growth 
opportunities. 
Parvez Qazi: 
And in terms of the overall number, how much we have earmarked for this kind of business 
development? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
I think if I have to balance out both between cash flow and also the growth that we have to see, 
I think we should be comfortable in investing about ₹200 crores, ₹300 crores, which can be 
funded by our internal accruals. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
My first question is on demand scenario also. If you can highlight how is the demand right now 
in the first quarter. Have you seen continuation of the last year trend? Or do you think some 
softening coming in? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Parikshit, on demand front, we are clearly seeing that the demand which we have observed, or 
we have witnessed in the last year seems to be continuing. It is more what I believe is in some 
of the markets the inventory is key for us to actually absorb the demand. So higher the inventory, 
we will be able to have, the better is our ability to capture that demand. And in some markets, 
it's reasonably stable. But if you talk from a macroeconomic point of view and if there is any 
impact on the overall demand because of the interest rate hikes or any kind of uncertain 
economic environment, that we don't see it on the ground yet. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Given this backdrop and confirmation of demand, so what kind of growth do we expect in the 
pre-sales for FY '24, like on the base of ₹5,200 of FY '23? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
The extent of the growth is clearly dependent on our ability to do launches, Parikshit. So if I'm 
very optimistic in terms of launches, then easily we should look at growth in the range of about 
maybe 15% to 20%. But if there are any slip-ups in the launches, then we might see a lower 
growth. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sir, just the last question on the promoter non-executive role. So typically, we have seen 
in real estate companies, a very promotor-driven decision-making on any large capital outlays 
on land, any large major launches. So just wanted to confirm on like will this non-executive role 
somehow slow down our growth aspirations, acquisition capital allocation. In a time when we 
are coming out of the debt issue, and where the market looks to be quite promising, so how do 
we juxtapose all these 3 together and position for growth? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Right, Parikshit. If you had been following the way our company has been functioning, right, 
from the inception, Mr. Menon, when he has established the company, it was always a 
management led company and majority of the decision-making in terms of capital allocation and 
in terms of driving growth has been fully professional. 
And, of course, with the guidance from the promoters. Hence, it's not anything new in the way 
we are functioning today versus what we were functioning about 25 years ago. So that I don't 
think there is a big change. 
But one of the aspects which is more positive right now is that the promoters as a group in the 
UAE are also very well recognized right now, and they're doing really well there. So that should, 
in fact, give a further boost in terms of performance here as well in the future. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Just one more thing on the non-real estate business, the manufacturing, the contractual 
business. So now that has been a pain point for us for the last many quarters now and you still 
expect it to linger on for a couple of more quarters. So as a future of this business, you probably 
see this going out into FY next year, 1 or 2 years? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Right. So we have a good order book currently. And our current focus is to make sure that the 
order book that we have is executed with better margins, that's number one. Number two is, for 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
new business development in these businesses. So we have now, based on the learnings that we 
had in the last couple of years, so we had put in additional processes wherein we will take up 
projects which will conform to the new framework that we have evolved. 
And also our ability to monitor those projects on a regular basis will also be improved. So the 
combination of these two, I think we should be able to turn around. Basis that, in a year or so, 
we will review the whole strategy around. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Any update on the Chennai market. You did mention about other markets, Hyderabad, 
Bangalore, Pune. So anything on Chennai. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Chennai, as you know, we have completed 6 projects. It's one of good markets for us. However, 
we have seen not the kind of growth that we have seen in other markets. But at the same time, 
there are certain asset types or product types like plotting etc., are doing far better there. Whereas 
end products are not in the similar growth path. So we are looking at opportunities and evaluating 
them. 
So while we are trying to do business development in other places, we think in the overall bigger 
five, Chennai right now doesn't look to be having such a large share. But in case things change, 
since our presence is there for a long time. Our ability to identify those changes and quickly act 
on it will be there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment Management. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Jagadish, I have two questions. One is, how much is the land bank in Hoskote currently? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good evening, Niraj. So we have a land bank of about over 200 acres there. And we are currently 
identifying the parcel, where we can clearly launch a project in multiple phases. So that's where 
we are. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. And the other question is, if you see the real estate business, in the past, we had an EBIT 
margin in excess of 30% also. And I know the costs have gone up and so the reporting 
requirement leads you to a lower reporting number right now. On the current projects which we 
are selling, what can be an EBIT margin from those projects? 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Good question, Niraj. The current margins are reflective, of course, of the past sales that we have 
done 3 years ago. And what clearly happened was that, of course, the pricing was far lower at 
that time. And in addition to it, we have been hit by a very large cost increase. And that's clearly 
going to reflect in the revenue and corresponding margin that we'll recognize even in the next 
few quarters. While that is said, for the future, where we have sold specifically in the last 1.5 
years, we can clearly see EBIT margins of over 15%. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
I thought number would be higher. You think, 15%? The last quarter, you reported an EBIT 
margin of 18%. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
EBIT margin? 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Yes. 
• 
SOBHA 

 
Sobha Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Probably not, but we will recheck on that, Niraj, and... 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay, sorry. So let me put this the other way. What would be the stable EBIT margin that you 
will do because you have been doing in the past, numbers have been quite high in term of EBIT 
margins. And so... 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
So let me put it this way, that our aim is to, of course, increase our margins. And hence, we have 
already taken these price hikes and new cost into the factor and our new released inventories 
also. Those, we should see far better margins and our aim is to move towards overall PAT 
margins for the real estate business to be in double digits. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Okay. You are talking about PAT margin. Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jagadish Nangineni: 
Thank you, Darshit. I express my sincere gratitude to all participants in the call today and for 
your patient hearing. I hope we have answered some of your questions satisfactorily. In case of 
any further questions, please do reach out to us. Your queries and views have always helped us 
improve. We look forward to a good performance in FY '24, too, with an optimistic outlook 
towards the economy and the industry. 
We believe Sobha is very well-positioned to grow with a disciplined operational and financial 
model, which we think is being set up for building and scaling in the long-term. We'll continue 
to pursue our goals with passion. And I wish you all a very good evening with an exciting IPL 
final coming up tonight. Truly appreciate your support. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
• 
SOBHA 
