 
UNIPARTS INDIA LTD. 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Gripwel House, Block-5, LSC, C 6 & 7, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi-110 070, India | Tel: +91 11 26137979 |Fax: +91 11 26133195  
Corporate Office: 1st Floor, B 208, A1 & A2, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.), India  
Tel: +91 120 4581400 | Fax: +91 120 4581499 
E-mail: info@unipartsgroup.com; website: www.unipartsgroup.com 
An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Company 
CIN : L74899DL1994PLC061753 
August 17, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543689 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: UNIPARTS 
 
Subject:  Regulation 30: Transcript of Earning Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the investors and earning call on the Unaudited financial 
results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, which was held on Thursday, 
August 10, 2023. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.unipartsgroup.com/home/quarterly_financial_results .  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Uniparts India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Jatin Mahajan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
JATIN 
MAHAJAN
Digitally signed by JATIN MAHAJAN 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=43305fa8c586294773c97cdef6146
2ffd44d9a9337979d36ee03ea6821736eba, 
postalCode=110055, street=Central Delhi, 
pseudonym=146af83d2b1fe64f69157a0b7
70df0bf, 
serialNumber=d5b1db751344dcaea44f0c2
05f807da679a55e6357945c94be95083c41a
c9235, o=Personal, cn=JATIN MAHAJAN 
Date: 2023.08.17 20:34:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Uniparts India Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURDEEP SONI - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, UNIPARTS INDIA 
MR. PARAMJIT SINGH SONI - VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, UNIPARTS INDIA 
MR. ROHIT MAHESWARI - GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, UNIPARTS INDIA 
MR. VIVEK MAHESHWARI - VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCIAL PLANNING AND ANALYSIS AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, UNIPARTS INDIA 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHRIDA SHAH - GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Uniparts India Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shrida Shah from Go India Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Shrida Shah: 
Thank you, Seema. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call 
for Uniparts India Limited. 
We have on the call with us, Mr. Gurdeep Soni – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Paramjit Singh Soni – Vice Chairman and Executive Director; Mr. Rohit Maheswari – Group 
Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Vivek Maheshwari – Vice President, Financial Planning and 
Analysis and Investor Relations. 
We must remind you that the discussions on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must therefore be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company may 
face. I will now request the management to take us through the financials and the business 
outlook subsequent to which we will open the floor for questions and answers. I will now hand 
over to Mr. Gurdeep Soni. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gurdeep Soni: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the quarter one FY24 
Earnings Call of Uniparts India Limited. 
I would like to extend our heartfelt gratitude for the continued support and interest from 
investors, analysts and capital market participants. 
Before we get into the details of the reported quarter, I would like to reiterate that the core of 
our organizational functioning is guided by the principles of passion, innovation, integrity, 
excellence and teamwork. The Uniparts team has worked diligently and with passion over the 
years to establish Uniparts as a preferred supplier to the global off highway vehicle market. 
The world today is prioritizing food security as well as infrastructure build out and 
modernization more than ever before. These trends are likely to continue in the long term and 
we at Uniparts believe that we have a robust global business model to cater to these trends 
through our off-highway focus and well positioned product offerings to marquee customers 
portfolio. Uniparts is present both in the OEM and aftermarket segments in the Off Highway 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
industry with strong global operating model and wide customer base comprising of (+125) 
customers from across the globe. Our products are shipped to over 25 countries worldwide. 
With the above backdrop, let me spend next few minutes sharing my thoughts with respect to 
the current operating environment and the business highlights for the first quarter of FY24. To 
start with, the North American small ag market demand continues to be subdued in the short 
term. There is softness in the aftermarket segment in both Europe and USA and this is 
extending a little more than earlier estimated. This includes inventory levels rebalancing at 
customer's end as one of the drivers for the softness. North American Large Ag and 
construction equipment market is performing well with healthy end user demand. Demand 
from Europe based OEM customers is stable. Demand in Indian domestic tractor market made 
a slow start of the year, but it is expected to pick up in the balance year. With the following 
reasons and the backdrop for the overall demand outlook remains soft in Q2 of FY24. Our new 
enquiry engagements are conversions owing to the China Plus One theme continue to have 
very good traction. The progress on new initiatives, namely the three-point linkage system for 
the utility train vehicles as we call them UTVs and the newly acquired account in USA, which 
is the second largest retail store group for farm equipment and accessories in North America, is 
progressing well on the expected lines. 
During the current phase of mixed external environment, we continue to focus on the 
following. We are closely monitoring the macro and micro factors likely to have bearing on 
short-to-medium term demand, identifying opportunities to expedite new business 
implementation, operational efficiencies and costs, and augment the digital platform creating 
further agility and optimization to our business. Our efforts continue to be focused on 
executing our medium-term business plan. We stay course on our operational endeavors, 
leverage our deep customer relationships, global business model and strong financial profile to 
optimize the opportunities emerging in the rapidly changing and evolving operational 
environment. We further believe that our five key strengths that is our leading market presence 
in off Highways system segment, our global business model, our engineering and design 
capabilities, our robust financial performance metrics and our experienced and very passionate 
team continue to drive Uniparts forward. As large global players are increasingly looking 
beyond China, India's manufacturing sector is expected to benefit significantly from this and 
we continue to witness favorable impact from new enquiries. Further, the augmented global 
need for food security as well as infrastructure build out and robust income levels of global 
agricultural industry are expected to keep demand for new equipment at healthy levels. With 
this I would like to hand over to Vivek Maheshwari to discuss the details of our financial 
performances during the reported quarter. I hand over to Vivek, please and thank you. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, all. 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
I would like to share following “Financial and Business Highlights” of the quarter ending 30th 
June 2023.: 
Revenues from operations for Q1 came in at Rs. 297 crore, which is a year-on-year change of 
minus 14.4%. Reported EBITDA for Q1 was Rs. 60.2 crore, which is a change which changed 
year-on-year by minus 20.9%. EBITDA margin reported at 20.3% for quarter one. PAT for the 
quarter came in at Rs. 37.1 crore which is approximately 26.5% lower year-on-year. Operating 
cash flow generation for the reported quarter was Rs. 46 crore, the net working capital which 
comprises of the big three elements of inventory, AR and AP, as number of days of revenue 
from operations on TTM basis was approximately 147 days. Working capital comprising of 
big three elements improved in absolute value by about Rs. 9 crores during the quarter. The 
business therefore continues to generate higher than guided cash flow. 
Uniparts’ balance sheet continues to be net debt free with group net cash position at 
approximately Rs. 54 crores at the end of the quarter. CAPEX for the quarter has been 
approximately Rs. 8.2 crores. Inflationary pressure on operating costs remains in medium term 
to be partially mitigated through operating efficiencies. Macro concerns over global economic 
slowdown and impact of worldwide interest rate hikes continues to remain a key monitorable. 
With this summary, I would like to hand over the conference back to the moderator for a 
question-and-answer session. Thanks very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Saurabh Jain from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
I have a few questions. My first question is, sir, last quarter, the impact of inventory destocking 
was Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 30 crores as you had mentioned on the last call. So, you had 
mentioned that this might go on for a couple of quarters, but the impact may not be of this 
quantum. So, could you tell us what was the impact of destocking in this quarter and what 
would be the course going forward? 
Paramjit Soni: 
This is Paramjit Soni here, Saurabh. Thank you for the question, Saurabh. My estimate of the 
inventory destocking in this last quarter is in the region of Rs. 27 crores. So, ballpark in that 
number of 25 to 30 that I had mentioned, I think we are within that zone. We still see some of 
this cycling down. I had already mentioned last time that Q1 and Q2 will be soft and I do think 
Q2 will be soft. I don't think it will be to the level of Rs. 27 crores. I think it will be lesser as 
some of this is getting in our rearview mirror. My gut sense is that while it's difficult to tell, my 
gut senses but this destocking may take another quarter or quarter and a half at best and then 
we are out of it. But Saurabh, it's a moving target because it's very hard to predict these sort of 
things. 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Saurabh Jain: 
Also, sir, during the last quarter, we had already toned down our top line guidance for FY24 
from 15%-16% to high single digits, that's what we had mentioned. So, considering this 
quarter's performance, how do you see the year playing out? Would you further tone it down or 
high single digits look good with you? And how is the scenario shaping up in US and Europe, 
particularly in small equipment and precisely in this fiscal for the second half, since you have 
already mentioned that Q2 also is likely to be a bit softer. And if you could also give us some 
data how our clients are doing in terms of volumes in last two quarters, how John Deere or 
Kubota have fared and what is the guidance from them for the rest of the year? 
Paramjit Soni: 
As far as giving the guidance for the full year, I think I want to refrain a little bit for the full 
year just now. I do believe it's a tough year. Quarter 2 will be tough as well. Let me give you a 
better guidance once I'm in half two or something as I get closer, but the sense on the, to 
answer your question on the overall markets and where it's going, I think the US, like Gurdeep 
mentioned, the US small tractor market seems to be more severely hit than what was earlier 
anticipated and consequently the inventory cut downs are also significant over there. The other 
aspect of our business which has taken the hit is the aftermarket, which is where it's very 
difficult to do with data because the aftermarket hasn't predicted that well for you. The OEMs 
still you have some data, but the aftermarket is more difficult to predict. But there also we're 
seeing significant more cuts than earlier anticipated and the inventory adjustments there are 
high. The construction equipment market in the US continues to remain robust. So, when you 
ask me for and so does the large equipment continues to be good. Europe has become a little 
bit more stable now. I thought it was between stable to up 5% for me till the last call. I think 
it's more stable now as far as I'm concerned, and the Indian market, I think the Q1 has been 
soft, but it is expected to pick it up. So, Saurabh, it's a little bit of a mixed bag. Sorry for the 
elongated answer, but our market is divided into so many different segments and two segments 
are not doing well. The other segments are doing well and some are stable. So, it's not a simple 
answer unfortunately. It's a long answer. Having said this, I think the robustness of the 
business model on having participating and making it more risk mitigated kind of remains and 
I think we're seeing the benefits of that. The key factor go forward is actually the amount of 
interest we are seeing on the new business and I think the rate at which we see this coming has 
significantly gone up, Saurabh. From an earlier situation, we used to have a run rate of about 
Rs. 200 crores of business. A year come in and awards already, I'm looking at the trailing 12 
months at about Rs. 330 crores. So, it's actually significantly jumping and how much of this 
will translate into Q3-Q4 and Q4 I think you may see a quite a bit of numbers. But frankly, a 
lot of it you may see in the next year. So, that part remains very, very good. The traction on the 
UTV side remains very good. So, there are some pluses and minuses on this, Saurabh. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Sir, my third question is on our margins. Our growth and EBITDA margins have fallen on an 
annual basis. And during all our previous interactions, we had mentioned that profit margins 
are likely to improve on account of rising share of warehousing and many other factors. So, 
your comments on that? 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Paramjit Soni: 
I am still maintaining my earlier saying that yes, on the long term they will continue to 
improve and that is what I expect. If you look at what's happening just now and I'd mentioned 
this earlier as well, last year as commodity prices and trade prices were going up, we had some 
benefit come on our inventory side and I had said last year as well that in our financial there 
was a Rs. 15 crore benefit. As freight prices and steel prices are cycling down through the 
levels, I think you will see some of that correction happen. Part of the drop in revenue also 
you're seeing is because of the price corrections. And freight frankly has come back to about 
what it used to be pre COVID levels now. So, all that cycling through has already occurred. As 
you see this go forward, I think the margins are robust in each one. You see part of it is going 
to be if you look at the material for example, looks slightly more higher, but then, Saurabh, if 
you drop the freight by anything, the freight may have dropped between 3% to 4%. So, if you 
drop the freight from the selling price and the expense, technically you have a lower 
denominator and hence the material looks higher. But overall if you look at the combination of 
material and freight together, I think that's still in the same region. This quarter you're only 
seeing it a little bit simply because of the slightly lower volume and hence maybe the operating 
delver on that. But other than that, the key material cost, all our conversion cost, everything is 
still in good shape. Coming back, I had said to you earlier that our highest margins come from 
the warehouse business model. That still continues frankly till the last call we were saying, 
hey, we were at 44% and I would go to between 47% to 48% over the next three to four years. 
This quarter, we're already at 47% not because and I can't take credit for that. It's actually 
happened because that side of the business did not take as much of a hit as the aftermarket 
business, which is more coming from direct exports out of India. So, because the direct export 
went down, you see the warehouse business looking higher, but longer term, maybe this will 
cycle back a little bit, Saurabh, but then it will go back again to 47-48 of what I had told you 
earlier. So, I'm maintaining my guidance for that. So, even despite the lower sales, Saurabh, 
we’re still over 20% in EBITDA. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Sir, one thing, we have been mentioning our market shares in 3PL and PMP based on FY22 
estimates. So, it's been several quarters since then and do you think there is any possibility that 
we have lost our market share in any of these segments? And if you could talk about little bit 
about the competitors, how they have fared during this period and also if you can talk about 
our orders in hand? 
Paramjit Soni: 
So, Saurabh, in terms of market share, obviously the last mapping we did with that we don't 
actively map that every quarter or anything. But in terms of your question of, do you think 
you've lost any market share, I don't think so. In contrast, I think we may have gained a few 
because. for example, we gained new business with Case New Holland in the large tractors, 
right? So, as you're getting this it's coming off somebody else because of with all this 
resourcing happening. Even on the China Plus One, theoretically we are gaining market share 
as well, right? China’s that product is shifting. So, do I have it mapped, Saurabh, the answer is 
no. Do I believe we’ve lost market share? I don't believe we've lost market share, on contrary I 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
think we may have gained a little bit, but I don't have the exact mapping to answer your 
question to that level of detail just now, I can only give you my macro sense on it. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Any thoughts about orders, order book or something? 
Paramjit Soni: 
The order book is still good. Like I said, quarter two is looking tough, but quarter three and 
quarter four are looking good based on the new business as well. But the customers are still 
fluctuating the order book quite a bit. Especially as the market is dynamic, we've seen, like I 
said in last quarter for example Europe, I was flat to up 5%, but now I'm saying Europe maybe 
flat because I think they're reducing their order book go forward a little bit. But the US 
construction equipment continues to remain strong. The US large Ag continues to remain 
strong. The aftermarket and the US small Ag actually are even more worse hit than what I 
thought they would be. So, those two are actually getting pretty badly hit and India is expected 
to be flat. So, that's how the outlook is looking. 
Saurabh Jain: 
My last question, sir. This quarter we have skipped our regular slide of revenue break up in 
terms of product vertical, geographies and market presence and agri and CFM segments. So, if 
you could provide us with the numbers or if you want, I can take it offline, but just a request 
that going forward we should provide these details. That would be helpful. 
Paramjit Soni: 
I can give those now, Saurabh. So, as far as the geographical mix is concerned, Saurabh, there 
is no significant change. And again you should look at the full year versus the quarter rather 
than not quarter-on-quarter but to give you, when I'm giving you these numbers, these are full 
year FY23 numbers versus Q1 of FY24 because if you look at them quarter-to-quarter the 
variations may be larger. But looking in this way, Americas is still about 50% of our market. 
That's remains. Europe is still 23% that remains. India is actually slightly moved up from 15% 
to 16% of our market because Indian market hasn't been going down, it's more flattish, right? 
And then Japan has actually moved up from 5% to 5.7% of market and the rest of the world 
has kind of dropped from 6% to 4%. So, not a significant change per se. The larger change that 
you will see is more on product verticals as 3-point linkage business has actually dropped from 
56% to more like 47% now. In contrast, our PMP business, which is more focused on the 
construction, has moved from 40% to 51%. This is in sync, Saurabh, is what I've been saying, 
the small Ag market in the US and the aftermarket which is also on the smaller tractor that is 
hitting the 3-point linkage, whereas the construction is robust. So, you're seeing that shift 
happen. From a margin perspective, it doesn't bother me on this shift because my margins are 
similar on both. And this is frankly part of our risk mitigation, Saurabh, when one segment is 
not doing another one is doing better. I think that's the robustness of our model. If I look at it 
by the delivery channel, Saurabh, we moved on the warehouse side. We used to be 44% for 
FY23, Quarter one actually has been at 47.6% on the warehouse. And direct exports have gone 
down from 29% to about 23%. And so clearly, you are seeing that shift, which I had mentioned 
in that the way warehouse has gone up a little bit. Similarly, Saurabh, when I look at the OEM 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
and the aftermarket side of the business, OEM was 84% and FY23 is actually 87%. Now in the 
aftermarket, which was 16% has dropped to 13%. Again, in sync with what I'm telling you 
how the aftermarket is a bit softer. And if I give you the mix from a agricultural and 
construction market, Ag contributed 71% of our business, now is contributing 66%. 
Construction moved up from 29% to 33%. So, hope that gives you all the different permutation 
and combinations you need on this, Saurabh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Muchhala from Reliance General 
Insurance. Please go ahead, sir. 
Pranav Muchhala: 
My question was that particularly that what we've seen is if I look at on a Y-o-Y basis also 
particularly we've seen the topline degrowing by 50 odd crores to 297 crores. So, if you could 
help me understand how much of that would be an impact, particularly from aftermarket and 
rest from other segments and also if I could also understand that what has been the root cause 
for a sudden decline in the demand for US’ small tractor market which has been hit much more 
than our anticipation? 
Paramjit Soni: 
I don't have that breakout, but I can tell you out of the 50 crores like I was answering to the 
earlier question, about 27 crores of that actually came out of just inventory destocking. So, 
about 50%. plus of what you're seeing is actually not related to the true consumption at the end 
customer. It's actually coming off the portion of the inventory destocking happening. On top of 
that, I estimate close to about 8 crores-9 crores of that has come off from price downs related 
to freight in this thing. So, the real volume reduction has not been that high, Pranav. And to 
answer your question on the why the US small Ag is going down, I think the small tractor here 
is more a utility tractor and with the interest rates going up and stuff like that, I think this is the 
kind of commodity that has got hit here. It's not a farming tractor. The serious farming tractors 
are over 200 horsepower here. And because the farm income still remains strong that segment 
is still growing 8% to 10% in the US on the large. I think the small one is more becoming a 
consumer thing and this is maybe the consumer while the consumer spend in the US is good, I 
think it's the big ticket spend on the consumer side may be slowing down a bit. 
Pranav Muchhala: 
Sir, one more update which I wanted to understand is that, we had recently tied up with one of 
the major players in aftermarket, especially TSC and we were pretty confident of making 
inroads with them and boosting our aftermarket sales with them. So, how is that fructified? 
Has that not been good enough to nullify the impact that we see over here in the small tractors? 
Has that not picked up well enough? 
Paramjit Soni: 
No, it is running from an end market perspective, they are also equally hit from a perspective 
what the end market is doing and the inventory destocking is doing. So, they are not different 
to anything else on that. But our sales to them continue to be, but they are also performing the 
way the rest of the market is performing. What is really working well with them for me is, they 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
are the ones I used to actually launch the UTV platform for us for the 3-point linkage and that 
frankly has been going phenomenally well. And I think the interest that we are seeing there is 
absolutely amazing and it's on track and like I had mentioned even the last time that 
opportunity alone is actually equal to almost the entire 3-point linkage market on the small 
tractor that I have US over the next few years. So, that with TSC is growing rapidly. We are 
exploring new China Plus One opportunities with them on other products which they want to 
resource out of China. That's still in the pipeline a little bit at the early stages, but the UTV 
ATV is doing phenomenally well with them and at the same time while I'm partnering with 
them to launch this, we've already started our work on all of this with let's say other 
aftermarket chains like Gurdeep mentioned, we've got the second biggest chain now. And now 
I'm actually taking this out to those guys with a slight 6-month to 8-month lag from TSC, we 
will open the next one on this and everybody showing a lot of interest on that. So, the 
relationship with TSC is actually very, very robust. 
Pranav Muchhala: 
The reason I was asking is that, seemingly I feel that we seem to be stuck. If I look at Q3 top 
line 330 crores, Q4 328, Q1 close to 297. So, seemingly we seem to be stuck and with a 
decelerating trend. What is that we are trying to do that with over and about the inventory 
destocking which you know which is what it is that we try to diversify to at least up the hill 
and buck the trend in terms of a deceleration in the top line. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Which is all the new business, which is what Gurdeep referred to earlier that we are going to 
implement all this new business and speeden it up. I mentioned to you already the awards last 
year were about 200 crores, this year on a trailing 12-month basis, they're already at 330 
crores. So, you're seeing a significant jump in the new awards. We are focused on the 
execution of that. The UTV ATV you'll start see sales of that starting on quarter four when the 
launch happens. So, clearly, you will see a few of these things. So, what can we do? The 
market is the market. So, you are going to go ahead and make sure that all your other aspects 
on China Plus One the projects that you're executing as well as the other strategic projects 
you're executing, those run on track and go faster. So, we are executing on those. 
Pranav Muchhala: 
How much does our order book stand as of, to get a perspective, if you could share? 
Paramjit Soni: 
The aftermarket doesn't give me an order book beyond 90 days, so it's a difficult, if I give you 
an order book, I'm not going to give you an order book go forward. But the OEM order books, 
clearly, we have all the way up going forward, but the aftermarket doesn't. So, I can't really 
answer that question of how much the total order book stand. If you're looking at the total 
order book on how the OEM's go or something, I can get those numbers out and call those out 
for you. I don't have them of the top of my head just now, though. 
Pranav Muchhala: 
And sir, one question which I wanted to understand is that, since USA is 50% for us, what are 
the challenges for us to move up in terms of HP up in the tractors, where it can hedge us in 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
terms of in terms of the impact that we are seeing in terms of the small HP or the small tractor 
size? Is there any possibility where we can move up the HP and that can potentially hedge the 
impact? 
Paramjit Soni: 
And that we are doing that. You're absolutely right that one of our growth areas was greater 
than 70 horsepower. We've made inroads already with Case New Holland in the United States 
this year. We'll see that come into the focus in production in next year. Similarly, the larger of 
this is actually being used in the European market, I think if you look at the large horsepower, 
let me just segment that again for you. When I say small tractor, I mean below 70 and when I 
say large Ag actually it's for me it's over 100 because there's really no category between 70 to 
100. And then when you go from 100 to 200 is really the farming tractor in Europe. In the US 
that is still a little bit of that. But literally 200 plus is the real farming tractor in the US, so the 
200 plus horsepower tractor, a lot, Deere, for example produces those linkage in house But till 
such time as they don't outsource that, that opportunity is limited. So, we focus more on the 
100 to 200 horsepower and I think over there we are making some gains not just in with Case 
New Holland there but we're also looking at some projects in Europe with agco and at the 
same time, we've also looked at some projects with the companies out of Korea, which were 
further exporting these into Europe and the US. So, all those, Pranav, continue on track. 
Pranav Muchhala: 
And sir, if you could also give me any update on the hydraulic cylinders, where is that going? 
Are we getting some traction over there? Are we getting some new orders or not? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Yes, hydraulics not on cylinders but on hydraulic components. So, on that we've already 
launched the one that I had done earlier which was indirectly going to go to danfoss I think 
that is already in play one project and I think there are two more projects in the pipeline there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Chirag Uttam Jain from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead, sir. 
Chirag Uttam Jain: 
So, just wanted to check, so one obviously despite the tough environment, our profitability and 
cash flow is quite strong and obviously we are sitting on a net cash position and at the same 
time obviously the external environment is relatively weak. So, how do we, are we thinking 
about our acquisition strategies especially in the newer segments? Can this be a good 
opportunity for us to accelerate our growth into the new categories in this kind of 
environment? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Absolutely, Chirag, And I think we are very actively looking at it. And the company is sitting 
on, like in the last quarter I had said, hey, I was expecting to be net debt free by maybe May or 
June of this year. But we were actually net debt free already at the end of March. Today I'm 
already sitting on 54 crores of net cash even after paying a dividend of Rs. 27 crores in the last 
quarter. So, clearly the cash is high and I think we are very focused on looking at that. So, I'm 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
looking at multiple things, Chirag and but again, have to do them strategically, have to make 
sure my return on capital is protected. I’m not going to do something which dilutes any of our 
core things that we want to achieve and the opportunities are coming, especially as it's in some 
of these things are things cycle down. I think you will with these high interest rates in the US, 
you will see some opportunities come up and maybe even in Europe. So, we will see what 
happens, Chirag, but we are very actively pursuing those, Chirag, to answer your question. 
Chirag Uttam Jain: 
And second in terms of the down cycle in terms of the small agri tractor space, based on your 
past experience, typically how long does is last and especially when obviously when things 
will come back, I'm sure there will be restocking again to the earlier levels. So, any, thoughts 
around that in terms of how long this down cycle could last? 
Paramjit Soni: 
I don’t think. See the small tractor may only last maybe a year, year and a half as a down 
cycle. It's a consumer cycle, so I think we’ll see how the economy goes in that. But here is the 
thing Chirag, which I think as we, so there's a down cycle happening. So, FY24 is getting hit. I 
actually believe in FY25 what's going to happen, Chirag? At the end of the day, you won't see 
the impact of the time down cycle because that's already out of the way. So, any reduction in 
sales we've seen in this year that will be added growth over normal. Then on top of that, you're 
going to see, in any case, the run rate that on new business has gone up, so you're going to see 
that come out. So, for me, FY25 is going to be way higher than my normal 16% predicted long 
term growth while this one is lower, I think FY25 will be significant higher in percentages. I'm 
still maintaining my normal long-term scenario of 16% that we will be able to do over the four 
year period-five year period. So, I'm not changing those Chirag, because fundamentally 
nothing has changed over there. It's a cycle, in our entire model we knew that cycles come and 
we've taken only the secular growth of the markets of 4% to 5% through the system and the 
rest was coming 11% to 12% of our growth was going to come from the new business, China 
Plus One and gaining market share. That portion is actually robust. So, if you are talking of 
just the cycles, it will come, it will go. It's not the first cycle I will see in my life. So, I do see 
FY25 significantly better. I do see whenever this cycle turns back you will see the increase 
from the stocking up go there, that's part of the business, Chirag, over here. 
Chirag Uttam Jain: 
And just last thing, just to reconfirm, this kind of cyclical challenges is not impacting our 
structural initiatives to let us say expand our presence in large tractors or 3PL for UTVs or 
even let us say China Plus One, by and large that seems to be on track. There could be one or 
two quarters delay here and there, but by and large, let us say the medium story remains intact? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Absolutely Chirag. In fact, it is like one of my customer says, you got to have your eyes on the 
horizon and your feet on the ground. So, the horizon part 3-4-5 years, all that is intact. And in 
fact we are executing. We have our feet on the ground executing everything. So, whether it's 
the hydraulics, whether it's greater than 70 horsepower, whether it's the UTV, all that is 
executing and I think it's all on track. What has taken, to be honest with you, what's taken me 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
completely by surprise, is the scale at which these small tractor market came down. If you 
asked me on the history, I've never seen that larger decline. Does the decline happen? Yes. 
Does it happen to this amplitude? That is a new one, but this is where the business model 
becomes really nice now, because as this is happening, we are seeing still growth on our 
construction equipment side. We're still seeing growth on the larger ag side. So, I go back to 
the years when we were only in the small tractor. Can you imagine what would have happened 
to our company if we were only in that Chirag? So, clearly, I think the entire robustness of the 
model is, so my long term is completely remains and I've repeatedly said earlier, our company 
has lived through cycles and we really, really understand how to manage ourselves through 
cycles. If you look at what I've been saying, I think what I'm building the strength for the 
company today are to deal with volatility because everything when something changes that 
dramatically, that's what I think we have to build on. We're currently building some 
phenomenal digital tools to be able to arm us with significant better data to be able to deal with 
volatility as well and how we react quickly, but, Chirag, long term I think I'm not changing 
anything. I'm not changing my long-term guidance with just one or two quarters decline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Srinjana from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Srinjana: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. So, one is on the demand side. So, on the demand side 
you mentioned that on the small Agri business at the end consumers there is some inventory 
correction, which is happening. So, I just wanted to understand what kind of inventory 
correction is it like how much inventory were they holding previously and what kind of 
correction is happening on that side? So, yeah, that's my first question. 
Paramjit Soni: 
It's not the inventory that I am holding at my end, it's the inventory, the channel inventory that 
customers and dealers are sitting on, they're cycling that down, which is causing the demand to 
go down. Like I mentioned earlier, when on the previous question when somebody mentioned 
you dropped about 50 odd crores and I said already about 27 crores of that is my estimate of 
how much the channel inventory has gone down. So, this is not my inventory that is going on 
that is that is something that we manage internally, our working capital and everything 
separate. The numbers that I'm giving you, the 27 crores out of the 50 crores is actually just the 
channel inventory which has gone down. All right. 
Srinjana: 
Secondly, on the interest expense side, since we don't have debt as of now like in opening 
commentary, it was mentioned we have around 50 crores of net cash. So, just wanted to 
understand why do we have interest expense of around 1.1 crores this quarter? Is it related to 
some working capital debt or? 
Paramjit Soni: 
No, I think we had some fixed term debt working capital debt actually finished I think a couple 
of months ago only. And so there is some term debt which gets paid every month. So, if I look 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
at that at the end of June, you're sitting at about, so you’re between 9 crores to 10 crores of that 
as balance, I'm sitting with about 64 crores-65 crores worth of cash and cash equivalents. So, 
when I give you my net being positive of 54, it's actually taking that 64 deducting the 10 crores 
that we have there and I'm giving you that number. So, the interest that you see is maybe it's 
going to keep coming down further because I've actually just in July paid off another term debt 
as well. So, wherever I can get rid of them, I'm getting rid of them if it makes sense for me to 
get rid of them. It's not a big concern to us on this time. I think my bigger concern is I need to 
quickly deploy the money in an acquisition, so that's what I'm focused on. 
Srinjana: 
Just one more question, sir. So, on the other expenses side, it has come down even sequentially 
and year on year. So, is it because of this change in the mix where our warehousing share has 
increased, is it because of that? 
Paramjit Soni: 
No, I think that's a great question that has come down because of freight predominantly. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
And inflation recovery zone. 
Srinjana: 
So, warehousing share has gone up. So, in terms of, because trade would be less like that was 
my assumption that create cost would be less in terms when we do a warehousing sales. So, 
that translates into lower Opex for warehousing, is that understanding wrong? 
Paramjit Soni: 
No, let's say, what do I mean when freight has come down, whether I ship material to our own 
warehouses or whether I ship it to some customers out there, my terms are where I'm paying 
the freight on the CIF basis or whatever. There was this entire sea freight in the pricing right. 
So, container cost to give you a sense so before COVID started, if you were shipping a 
container from India to the US, you were paying between all the way inland, maybe between 
$4000 to $5000 a container. To give you a sense of this, at its peak, it actually went up to 
$15,000-$16,000 a container. It is now back to the $4000 to $5000 a container. So, technically 
when you say lower freight costs as freight comes down, freight used to be between 3% to 4% 
of our sales in typical pre-COVID. It actually went up in last year in some quarters to as high 
as 7% to 8%. And now it's back to the 4% odd levels and it's still trending down as it's cycling 
through the system. So, that is what is driving it. So, when you see the other expenses come 
down, if you take 2%-3% off on just freight, that's the bigger one. The other part is that on the 
other expense, we changed our agreements with customers where we wanted to use the 
exchange rate to help us pay off inflations or inflation recovery and foreign exchange is 
helping us compensate and delver some of our fixed operating cost as well over there. So, it's a 
combination of both but the heavy lifting on this has been done by the freight cost. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Gindodia from AlfAccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Chetan Gindodia: 
We wanted to understand regarding the order book position. So, as per last communication it 
was over 460 crores at that time from the OEM side that was to be there over the next four 
years. So, if you can give any update of the book or any new orders that you have received in 
last three months, that would be helpful. 
Paramjit Soni: 
When you say the order book that is, I think you're referring to the new Business Awards that 
we have, I think that was the 400 plus number over the next few years, Chetan. Vivek, do you 
have that readily available? I know it was a little over 500, but I don't have the exact number in 
front of me. Vivek, can you help me out with that? Otherwise, we'll have to come back, 
Chetan. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Yes, it is. These are awards and values of projects on which we are working and are likely to 
spread over three to four year period. So, it is a little over 500 crore as of now and this includes 
broad buckets of obviously the 3PL for UTV, then all the construction related awards that are 
coming through for the China Plus One reasons. Also, the high horse power projects and the 
hydraulic project that Paramjit sir had mentioned and also the new aftermarket account and 
new awards over there and some regular on our existing business, the regular additional 
awards. So, those are the key buckets. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Chetan, that number has kind of increased from what we told you last time and that's in sync 
with what I'm telling you, couple of things are happening. During COVID nobody was able to 
process new RFQs and stuff like that. So, everybody talk China Plus One. But who could 
execute it? I think I've been saying for the last 6-8 months to one year that this is getting into 
execution mode now and you see that. You see that in couple of metrics. You see that, frankly 
we see that internally in the number of RFQ's we're getting and we're also seeing that in the 
number of awards we are getting. So, like I said, the awards, the early indicator for you is that 
the awards are going up, so if that went from 200 crore to 330 crore I think that is giving you a 
sync of hey, what's going to happen in the future, right? And so based with some of those, if 
you project that and these are annual numbers, so when you project that out, go forward the 
what you are seeking is the 3-4 year number and that's a consequence of all of that. So, as these 
awards are going up, more you will see the other part in the execution go up at a later stage as 
well. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
And just lastly, how much of this 500 crore orders are projected to begin in the next one year 
period? I think the UTV ATV order and the high horsepower order from this new holding, the 
ones you pointed out. So, what would be the quantum of this, that would begin in the H2 or in 
say next one year? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Vivek, you will have that number readily available, I know we have got  92 crores already 
implemented just now and which was part of that you are even going to see in quarter 4 and I 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
think there is a balance implementation, which is showing Vivek, how much is that number? 
Can you tell me the numbers exactly, Vivek? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, the estimate as of now and broadly and obviously this is subject to fine tuning and it's all of 
it is indeed region of 150 to 175 for the next year. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
This includes the 92 you just mentioned or more than that? 
Paramjit Soni: 
92 is more the annualized number. So, when you see it in the quarter, you will see one-fourth 
of that in quarter 4, right? And every Q is annualized numbers because that's the way we kind 
of internally look at it. 
Chetan Gindodia: 
And this 92 and 150, these are the full potential when completely... 
Paramjit Soni: 
Yeah, 150 to 175 that you will see that is the full new business that you will see in the next 
fiscal over and above any existing business that we have. So, the way we budget is we say hey, 
what was already the existing business and how much? Then we look at, we say, hey, this year 
for example, let's say we started a project worth Rs. 100 crores, but we only got two quarters of 
sales in this year. So, hence you still have the tail of that and you will get 50 crores next year 
more because now you will have a full 12-month impact. Then there are projects which will 
start within that year as well and you'll get some of that. So, we look at these into our Y1, Y0s 
and Y2s and kind of see where it is coming in and the number Vivek is giving you is an 
outcome of that is about 150 to 175 for new business that we can already see in the next year. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Just to add to that, and since we are in August only, so as the year progresses further, so this 
number is subject to fine tuning and further evolving. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Because as we do this and we implement some more things, I think you will see that change. 
But every quarter we kind of review them, but I think the real deep dive happens when our 
budgeting is happening that's traditionally what we do. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Mitul Shah: 
My first question is on this after market weakness. So, whenever we see recovery in this 
market, is it a steady gradual improvement type of based on your past experience or it is a very 
big spot happens like post COVID time of recovery in this type of market? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Typically, the speed of these is fairly fast. But like I said, the decline, Mitul, that we saw this 
time the amplitude was very high. I've never seen that big a decline, right? Clearly, like I've 
been saying, volatility sits in the business now and that's how we deal with it. So, historically 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
when it came, it also recovered quickly and you get the double whammy at that time people 
not only want that product or they also want to restock and hence when the market goes up by 
5%-7%, that time you will see 20%-22% growth at that time because everybody wants to stock 
back up again. So, it will come rapidly as well whenever it cycles through. The market, it 
seems is getting faster and faster. 
Mitul Shah: 
So, this phenomena can we expect in second half possibly? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Second-half of what, next year? 
Mitul Shah: 
Second-half, the year end FY24. 
Paramjit Soni: 
No, I don’t think you will see it come that quickly because the down cycle has started about six 
months ago. The down cycle once it cycle, so it will take at least a year, year and a half for this 
to come back. 
Paramjit Soni: 
I don't think it goes like that. Again, you have to factor this is more a consumer product rather 
than a farming product over here in the US. The farming one is doing fine on the large Ag and 
again when you look at the India tractor market, which is also the small tractor market for us, 
you're not seeing the amplitude of this in India because India tractor market while Q1 may 
have been a little slower. But I think it will catch up for the rest of it and it's still going to be 
flat. It's only the US market which is driven by completely different reasons than farming. 
Mitul Shah: 
Overall, how much contribution drop has come from USA in terms of broader breakup of 
revenue, US contribution compared to last two quarter, how much it is dropping this quarter? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Like I just gave you the thing in terms of the US, I haven't compared quarter-to-quarter in 
terms of contribution. When I gave the geographical mix earlier to a question, the US is still 
the same. It was 50% of our market in FY23 in quarter one, FY24 is still 50% of the market. 
So, the US while it is contracting to me on the small tractor, it is also increasing on the 
construction equipment and the larger Ag and what is contracting for me on the aftermarket is 
both in Europe and in the US. When I gave you the geographical mix of the year versus this 
quarter, I said India moved up from 15% to 16%. So, that kind of tells you Europe and US is a 
little bit slower than India. So, that's the shift you're seeing. Japan also moved up from 5% to 
5.7%, but then those are coming from the rest of the world because Mexico has slowed down. 
Brazil has slowed down. So, some of those have slowed down as well, but the big-ticket 
markets of Europe and US and India, if you look at it last year between these markets, I was 
still 50% US, 23% Europe, so 73% in these two and still in this quarter the same. India has 
moved 1% up. So, as a region, it's different and as a region, America is still fine for me 
because of the improvement in construction equipment at large Ag. 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Mitul Shah: 
We did the products in these new orders, which is relatively faster growing segment now in 
terms of 3PL, PMP? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Vivek, can you add from the breakout of the 400 crores-500 crores, Vivek? 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, his question is in our view, which one is the faster growing segment? So, I believe and sir 
you can add to it, the awards which are coming through because of the China Plus One theme 
and which are largely on the construction side is one of the faster growing ones and 3PL for 
UTVs, it's a new market, but once the pilot is done, it can turn out to be a good one. 
Mitul Shah: 
This sir was mentioning about the broader breakup of that 500 crore new order. If you can give 
that will be also equally helpful? 
Paramjit Soni: 
Go ahead, Vivek, give the break out of the 500 where it's coming from ballpark from China 
Plus One construction and UTV and 3PL and hydraulic. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
I'll have to revert separately for that. So, I'll have to go into the details I think. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, we will take the last question from the line of Mr. Shivam, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Shivam: 
I'm actually new to the company, as you have been mentioning that the margins are going up 
because of the change in the business model like more of the focus on the warehousing. So, 
just wanted to ask that is the largest sales in warehousing we are getting because in the last two 
fiscals there was also a supply chain disruption, so a lot. Of like, a lot of customers because we 
have moved towards the warehousing model. So, as these constraints ease out, so do you think 
that there will be a pressure on warehousing model as the supply chain disruption ease off 
more? 
Paramjit Soni: 
I don't think so, Shivam, here's what I believe. How we see it? The product we do for our 
customers forms between 1 to 2% of their complete spend and we do a large number of SKUs 
for them. So, when you're thinking like that in your question, you're thinking hey lesser 
number SKUs, lesser complexity and hence why have warehousing, why not bring in indirect? 
Off Highway Market doesn't operate like that. We have thousands of SKUs, not the 
automobile kind of volumes lower mid volumes. So, the complexity is high and all these 
people want a rationalized supply chain which takes all these headaches away from them. So, 
we generally see. that they are willing to pay a premium and they want a risk mitigated 
solution. I've always said that our global delivery model is the strongest part of our business 
and that it makes us unique compared to the rest of our competition. And that is offering 
customer solution. Customers clearly know today that they can buy direct from India at a lower 
cost. They also know that they're paying a higher cost, running it through a warehouse. That's 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
not hidden from them. They still choose to use the higher cost warehouse model. If you go 
back, you're saying, hey COVID one or two years or whatever, but let's go back even what 5-7 
years ago, the warehouse was only 30% of our sales. Now it's 44. This is not a one- or two-
year trend, one or two quarter trend, this is a longer term trend. In our business model, I 
already said when we are looking at the customers come in from a risk mitigation, I kept 
saying., hey!, people are talking about near shoring and onshoring in the US and we brought in 
the model of dual shore manufacturing where we will produce a part of it in the US, part of it 
in India, now what is that model? You produce 25% in the US, you produce 75% in India, but 
you still route that 75% through warehouse model. So, the warehouse model is more and more 
coming into play where people want this, so I don't see this as other trend. I think the 
warehouse will continue and we believe we will be able to drive margins from that. 
Shivam: 
And sir, like you mentioned that the warehousing was there still like five years ago at 30% of 
your revenue. So, like what did really move the margin from like FY21 onwards to a higher 
20% is the EBITDA margins? 
Paramjit Soni: 
I think if you look at the 4-5 year history you will notice that we did multiple things. We 
actually the warehouse model went up, during that period took a very hard look at what makes 
money, what doesn't make money. We got rid of product which didn't make money. We 
focused very heavily on the bottom line. We transformed product we were producing in the 
US, we moved that to India to take a lower cost advantage. There were multiple things. 
Shivam: 
So, you moved into the efficient model. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Yes, originally we moved it from the 13%-14% is I said I'll go to the 17%-18% and when we 
came in we said hey, we even performed to the higher one because I actually got rid of 
business which didn't make money. And focused and that made us such strong financially, 
there our bottom lines are good or I used to say at that time we were a 21-47 company, 21% 
EBITDA, 14% PAT, 7% free cash flow. And that is after factoring in the 16% growth. This 
year what is happening, the north of 20% is still being maintained despite the lower sales, 
instead of 14% we've seen close to what 12.5% and 13% on that on the pack. Still being higher 
because you're seeing it when I'm not using that much on the working capital, you're still 
getting more cash flows with cash flows is still strong. But my normalized still remains. I am 
not changing from that at all. 
Shivam: 
And sir on a broad basis, can you give a guidance of like what's your targeted ROCE internally 
that you want in the next 5 years that this much should be maintained at the minimum 
threshold? 
Paramjit Soni: 
I used to say north of 25% if you had asked me five years ago, now I say north of 30%. 

 
Uniparts India 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Shivam: 
North of 30% for the next five years, not going below that. 
Paramjit Soni: 
Yeah, that my internal one. I used to say north of 25, but then we already achieved that and 
now you change your goal post as you move on in life. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Gurdeep Soni: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone for participating. It's really great and great questions that 
came in and we do look forward to the future and we are still very sure that the growth is 
coming back and it's going to be a great future for all of us. So, thank you everyone for coming 
in and goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
