 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Registered Office: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1/F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shirwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai  - 400 706 
CIN: L65100MH2007PLC171959 Tel: (+91 22) 7104 7000, website: www.finobank.com 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001          
(Scrip Code: 543386) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
(Symbol:  FINOPB)  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on July 31, 2023 - Disclosure under 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing 
Regulations") 
 
Ref: Earnings call with Investors and Analysts on July 31, 2023 
 
In continuation to our letter dated July 24, 2023 please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings 
call with the investors and analysts held on July 31, 2023. 
 
Only information available in public domain was given to the investors/analysts. 
 
This information is also available on the Bank’s website i.e.  www.finobank.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Basavraj Loni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
Encl: a/a 
BASAVRAJ 
SHIVANAN
D LONI
Digitally signed by BASAVRAJ SHIVANAND LONI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8681, 
pseudonym=be15eaffcf4dba3971e30ee1105428c2005facbaa7a7dccb6fc8
a38bea5a7e0f, postalCode=410206, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6218379125ad35ea1f529e34fdc467e4ab710ca0b69d84550
d035b80b5898171, cn=BASAVRAJ SHIVANAND LONI 
Date: 2023.08.03 15:38:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Q1 FY „24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – FINO PAYMENTS BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN MERCHANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUP AGARWAL – FINANCIAL CONTROLLER – 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Fino Payments Bank Q1 FY24 Earning 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisor. As a reminder, all participants will be on listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes, hi. Thank you, Leba. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Fino Payments Bank 
earnings call to discuss the Q1 FY24 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. Rishi 
Gupta, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ketan Merchant, Chief Financial 
Officer, and Mr. Anup Agarwal, Head, Investor Relations. 
 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. I 
now request the MD, Mr. Rishi Gupta, to take us through the company's business outlook and 
financial highlights, subsequent to which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for 
Fino Payments Bank earnings call. My opening remarks this time will be a bit longer because 
of the strategic initiative we have announced, so please bear with me. FY23 was a great year 
for us, and FY24 has started on a very positive note. Our TAM strategy, which is transaction, 
acquisition, and monetization, is delivering good results. We are happy to announce that this 
quarter's performance is a step in the direction to achieve the aspirations we have set for 
ourselves for FY26. 
 
For the quarterly performance, we registered our highest ever quarterly revenue of INR348 
crores with 8% sequential growth and 21% year on year. PAT has grown 85% year on year at 
INR18.7 crores with EBITDA at INR40.5 crores which grew 72% on an year-on-year basis. 
Our total throughput crossed INR75,000 crores for the first time in the quarter, growing 25% 
y-o-y and the total number of transactions also crossed INR40 crores which grew by over 62% 
y-o-y basis. Our distribution network continues to grow, and we have now built a merchant 
base of over 14.4 lakhs. 
 
Our growth of high margin products consisting of CASA and CMS now constitute 29% of the 
overall revenue compared to 21% a year ago. Our own channel contributed to 65% of the 
overall revenue, much in line with our range bound guidance. The subscription revenue now 
contributes to 34% of the overall revenue compared to 25% a year ago, demonstrating a 
substantial jump in just one year. We are adding on an average 2.5 lakh new customers every 
month to our base. Our customer base now stands at 8.3 million and is growing by the hour. 
 
This is helping us not only increase our annuity income but will also augers well towards our 
long-term strategy of SFB. Before we go into strategic discussions on SFB, let me first dwell 
upon my thoughts on other key aspects which I am monitoring besides the business growth. 
Digital. Our business continues to see strong traction on the digital banking side as digital 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
throughput reaches INR18,000 crores in Q1 FY24, growing at 94% year-on-year basis. Digital 
throughput is Now 24% of the overall throughput as compared to 1% in Q1 FY21, which 
showcases the strong significant strides we have taken on our digital initiatives. 
 
We continue to contribute more than 1% of the transaction volume in the UPI ecosystem, 
which is much higher than many of the known established banks. During the quarter, we have 
opened 34,000 savings accounts on a digital platform through our FinoPay app. In order to 
enhance our digital footprint, we are partnering with Fintech and during the quarter we 
partnered with Sequoia Capital-backed Fintech Hubble to develop India's first spending 
account. It offers a digital savings account powered by Fino Payments Bank. 
 
We are looking at many more partnerships in the near future. In overall scheme of things in the 
long run, facilitating digital penetration and that too in a profitable basis is a key impetus for us 
in our strategy roadmap. Now let me come to technology. While we don't invest in building a 
brick-and-mortar branch network, but we don't shy away from investing in technology. We 
believe technology is the backbone of payments bank and will continue to be the case in case 
of SFB as well. 
 
In line with that approach, let me share that our technology upgradation of following the core 
as well as review of our existing core banking platform is on track to deliver a much superior 
technology platform to cater to the business growth and future product offerings. We will 
continue to invest in technology to be future ready and enhance our digital offerings. With 
distribution, data and digital at our core, let me dovetail into our strategic agenda. In line with 
our long-term strategy, we are happy to share that our board has given us the go-ahead to 
upgrade our banking license and convert into small finance bank subject to the regulatory 
approvals. 
 
We will apply to RBI in the due course of time. It will take around 24 months subject to 
regulatory approval on time before we start, we start operations as an SFB. Also, board has 
directed management to evaluate corporate restructuring for group consolidation. The 
restructuring will help us in streamlining the group structure and build long term value. I know 
some of you have questions apprehensions on how Fino or how Fino's SFB will be different 
from other SFBs in the market. 
 
Let me clarify and reiterate, Fino continues to believe in its core asset-light approach and fee-
based profitability. It will be a differentiated SFB. Let me dwell a little bit on the strategy now. 
It will be enhancement of license thus enabling us to become a payments bank plus plus model 
which means ability to raise higher amount of liability deposits and also offering lending 
products. This being a twin engines of growth for any bank. Second, lending to a known 
customer merchant who have been transacting with us for the minimum of 1-2 years. 
 
Meaning lending based on transaction history with lot of data analysis thus reducing the credit 
risk and building operational efficiencies in lending. The third approach will be on our Asset 
Lite approach. The Asset Lite approach by leveraging the existing distribution network, data 
and limited branch expansion backed by robust technology and tools. In any normal bank, you 
would see high fixed cost and high fixed asset model. But in our case, it will be very different 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
with few branches and lot of merchants oblique BC points. These BC points will help in 
generating liability as well as will be the consumer of credit plus help us on lending as well. 
 
Number 4, Fee based income will continue to be the core contributor to the revenue. Our own 
estimates show that 75%-80% of the revenue pie in the next five years will continue to be from 
the non-interest income compared to 10% to 90% for existing SFBs where 90% of the revenue 
comes from credit and only less than 10% comes from transactions, are really pretty much the 
opposite of that. Low cost of funds, that is higher CASA balance, our cost of funds will be 
200-250 basis points lower than competition. 
 
This I am already saying in terms of our experience right now and we would continue with that 
approach. At less than 2.5% average rate, we have been able to generate more than INR1,200 
crores of deposit from our existing customers and merchants. We expect to substantially grow 
the liability franchise as our customer base crosses INR2 crores in the next 3-5 years. Boost to 
our existing payment services in B2B and B2C space. As you remember, we had mentioned 
that we are getting into payment space. We believe the B2B payment business is expected to 
grow once the limit of 2 lakh EOD balance restriction is removed post the SFB license. 
 
We will be working on creating a very different SFB with no new requirements of capital to 
start with and will continue to be a transaction services bank with fee-oriented payment growth 
strategy and lending as one of the products only. We are committed to deliver superior 
performance and enhance shareholders' value. With this, I would like to hand over to Ketan 
Merchant, our CFO, to walk us through the financial results. Over to you, Ketan. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thanks, Rishi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining our earnings 
call today. As Rishi mentioned, this quarter's performance showcases that we are in right 
direction towards achieving our stated guidance of FY‟26 and will continue to grow at 20% Y-
o-Y focusing on our acquisition strategy. As we mentioned earlier, our business model is such 
that with 20% annualized growth in revenue, operating leverage playing on, our bottom-line 
growth percentage is typically in the range of 2 or 2.5x of revenue growth. 
 
Our profitability across past 12 quarters clearly demonstrate this strategic model approach is 
working to the core. Now let me start talking about the Q1 numbers. Our Q1 FY24 revenue is 
at INR348 crores which saw a Y-o-Y increase of 21%. EBITDA has grown by 72% Y-o-Y to 
INR41 crores, and our PAT increased to 85% Y-o-Y to 18.7 crores. Our Cost to Income ratio 
Q1 FY24 continues to remain at around 26% and we are confident that over a medium to long 
term we will be able to maintain this around 25%-26%. 
 
This is despite the digital and technology plans which Rishi explained earlier. Our Q1 FY24 
total throughput crossed INR75,000 crores, growing by 25% Y-o-Y and our digital throughput 
grew by 94% Y-o-Y to INR18,350 crores which now constitutes 24% of our overall 
throughput. Our debit card spends have gone up by 45% Y-o-Y. This is establishing that active 
customer base. For us, transactions, accounts, and the activity in the transaction is equally 
important. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
On a product level performance, in CASA, our revenues have gone up by 63% Y-o-Y to 67 
crores, led by strong growth in our renewal income, which is increased by 96% Y-o-Y. A 
strong renewal income which also reflects a healthy bottom line because the margin of renewal 
income as I have said earlier is around 75% or more. The secular uptick in our account 
subscription renewal rate points to customers' preference to bank with us, the service-oriented 
approach which we are saying. 
 
Additionally, we are witnessing an increase in account balances of customers who transact 
digitally. Average deposit base for this customer has increased by 13% sequentially to 
INR1,221 for each account. As we add more customers, with most of them being digitally 
active, we expect to have a healthy deposit growth which is a cornerstone of our SFB model as 
well. Remaining on CASA, it is imperative to highlight that our digital customers' renewal rate 
is in excess of 80%, whereas the normal renewal rate is in around 60%. 
 
CMS. CMS is our second high margin product and continues to grow exceedingly well as we 
enjoy the leadership position in this product. On a Y-o-Y basis, throughput in Q1 FY24 grew 
by 71% to over INR15,500 crores. At one point of time, this was dominated by BFSI. The 
diversification initiative which we worked on has resulted in quite a divergent CMS customer 
base which we have. To corroborate that with numbers, in Q1 FY22, 97% of our CMS 
business was coming from BFSI. Now it is coming to around 61%. 
 
So, this is the diversification which we've done across 189 partners is what we have in CMS. 
Overall, CASA and CMS continue to outperform our expectations. These businesses are at a 
stage where we can grow at good rate, and we are confident that this momentum will continue. 
Very quickly going on our transaction business which is hooked to our acquisition strategy that 
is showing a muted growth and overall industry specifically in AEPS is also witnessing some 
challenges on account of cloning. 
 
However, our endeavour is that business and footfall year will continue to drive our acquisition 
strategy which is a key element of business plan now and even in an SFB scenario. With 
respect to our strategic decision which Rishi alluded to in terms of conversion to SFB, we will 
be Payments Bank plus plus model i.e., service oriented, fee oriented and with lending as one 
additional product only. We continue our asset light strategy, ours would be a liability focused 
franchise and credit to known customers merchants having a relationship in excess of 2-3 
years.  
 
In this regard, would like to draw attention on slide 26 of our deck wherein our long-term 
strategy of liability generation has been articulated. Key aspect here is that if our CASA 
acquisition strategy goes the way we have envisaged, our liability franchise will indeed be a 
key differentiator. Some of the percentages in comparison with other SFBs, Rishi has already 
alluded to. 
 
The limited point which I essentially want to make on this slide 26 is to have a low-cost fund, 
a low-cost liability base, we do not have to do anything out of the blue. If our 2.5 lakh new 
customer acquisition continues and we are in the range of around 35 lakh, 40 lakhs new 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
customer accounts and we manage to increase the quality, our liability base or our CASA base 
which low-cost liability would be indeed a real differentiation between us and the rest. 
 
Our low-cost funds, robust technology, analytical tools and asset light approach will provide a 
cutting edge over players in the market who rely on lending only as a primary approach. Since 
FY „22, as part of our TAM strategy, along with physical, we have been steadily making 
strides on the digital side and the results are overwhelming. 
 
We have invested quite a bit on our digital stack, including putting our FinoPay in app 
application and pushing on the UPI transaction. We will continue to invest in technology, 
largely on the capex front to upgrade, capacity build up and be ready for in line with our 
strategic directions. However, our operating leverage will continue to play, wherein our 
revenues will continue to grow higher than cost. 
 
Finally, I would like to reiterate that at Fino, we have already cracked the transaction part and 
we are further looking to fuel the acquisition of users, which would then further set the stage 
for monetization. We have largely been a rural-focused bank catering to a segment of 
customers that prefer assisted services. Now the focus is on making ourselves future ready and 
for that we are strengthening our digital footprint through our Fino 2.0 initiative. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor to questions. Rajat, back to you. Rajat, are you there? 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes, we can take the questions, please proceed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Yash Gala from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Yash Gala: 
So, my question is, as we see from the PPT, the contribution of BC model to total revenues is 
roughly around 10%. So, I just wanted to know how will you offset this revenue once you 
become an SFB and you are no longer allowed to do this. That was the question. 
Ketan Merchant: 
You are right and couple of points on the statistics side as well. Over last couple of years our 
BC model has not been growing. Since the time we became bank, we are focusing on a B2C 
model and our kind of a customer base. To answer your specific point, I would like to put two, 
three thoughts out here. One is as Rishi said, it is around a 24-month journey wherein we 
convert into SFB. 
 
Second aspect which is very important and which Rishi alluded earlier in his opening 
comments as well is that there are lot of payment related initiatives which can be done 
currently which are not being because of our regulatory liability limit of 2 lakhs, we are not 
being able to do through. So, our strategic model, the way we have envisaged is around 
INR110 crores or INR150 crores of the BC income which is there at a margin of around 28%. 
We can more than compensate that with a relatively higher margin products as well, whether it 
is on the payment services or also on account of the liability franchises which we can do on 
low-cost funds and needless to say there will always be a lending as well. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
So as a part of our strategy we have envisaged that and the growth factor which we are seeing 
is after factoring that BC banking may not be allowed in the SFB scenario. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Sankharva from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Dixit Sankharva: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, sir, my question is around the reverse merger. So, 
what all the assets are holding in the holding company and apart from the FINO shares, any 
valuation exercise we have done and what will be the timeline for this reverse merger to be 
completed? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Hi, Dixit. Ketan here. Let me just put a perspective to that. What our board has agreed upon is 
look at avenues of consolidation. So that could be anything. Consolidation can be happening 
through a merger, through a reverse merger, so various kinds of options which we will 
evaluate. At current stage, have we reached a stage where we know we fixed upon an option, 
are we looking at an inter kind of a company between the holdco and the opco? The answer is 
essentially no. 
 
Our understanding is that the bank is a primary franchise of the group as a whole. So, keeping 
that in the context, all the options would be evaluated. As regards to your point on the 
timelines, I think it's a bit too early to mention about the timelines as we've just got a nod to 
explore it off and this between the various companies in the group and the bank, this would be 
explored and we shall keep you guys updated as and when there is progress. 
Dixit Sankharva: 
Okay, sir. Sir, the question is in the CASA. So, are we looking for any tie-up with the other 
companies for CASA? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, on the CASA side, as I mentioned earlier, we right now have our own CASA which 
through our merchants, we are now planning to start CASA with one partner somewhere in 
this quarter and so that will be the first tie-up which will be do. CASA being a highly regulated 
KYC product, we are going very slowly on that. So, one tie-up which is already in the 
advanced stage should get announced in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Maheshwari from Reliance General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Sir, I think it's good to hear that we are now actually going on the path of becoming SFB and 
all. So I just want to understand how we are going to add up more digital partners in this 
journey because I think our as you have mentioned on the television also you are going to be 
like SFB++ which is more digitally I would say penetrated and all and how do we see things 
actually you know moving ahead for us from these partnerships and all because I think we 
really don't have done there any kind of large lending so far in that meaningful manner. So 
how do we see panning out for us as a thought process and strategy? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So Utkarsh on the digital part as we mentioned earlier, 24% of our transactions now are 
coming on the digital platform. It is largely a UPI platform which is being used for digital 
transactions. We continue to grow that ecosystem. About 2 years back it was less than 1% now 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
it is more than 24%. We have already started to invest quite a bit on the FinoPay app as well 
where you could see the FinoPay app offers as many solutions as any other bank app is there. 
 
Thirdly, what we are planning to do is we are trying to do partnerships with a lot of B2B 
players. So, one player we mentioned is Hubble, there are two or three more partnerships 
which are also underway which will get announced during the course of the year. So, our 
strategy as a Payments Bank Plus Plus model is on building up the liability and the lending 
business. 
 
And looking at the fact that we have a huge distribution, a lot of data for our customers and 
merchants, and the digital ecosystem which we are building gives us the edge that we can 
really build up a very differentiated, completely new kind of a franchise as far as SFB is 
concerned, which can be a really a Bharat ka Digital Bank. So that is what our endeavour is. 
 
And we have already made a lot of inroads, the technology upgradation and everything which I 
spoke about technology and digital actually gives me lot of confidence the way we are 
progressing on some of the aspects and not investing in building a brick-and-mortar system but 
investing in building up a digital and technology ecosystem. So that's what we are doing, and 
we will continue to grow our digital stack as we move into the next direction. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
But I think as far as the transaction goes digital that is fine, I mean when you are going to 
process the loans and all, then you need something at the grass root level to understand, 
underwrite and everything. So how do we plan that, because over the next 24 months if you are 
transforming into a Bank, need to keep a eye on, to keep a control on that, what underwriting is 
done, how is done? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So that is where we think putting together a differentiated approach. Our underwriting will be 
more on technology and data, largely to start with through our existing customers and 
merchants for whom we already have the transaction history, we already know the balances, 
we know where they are spending, how they are spending. A lot of that we will be doing. 
 
Our business on credit will be largely low value credit rather than high value credit. Initially it 
will be more of an individual and a merchant-based credit. Over the years it will become more 
from unsecured it will be more of an individual and merchant-based credit. Over the years it 
will become more from unsecured it will become more secured. 
 
So, underwriting and everything else will be more technology driven and at the back end rather 
than taking decisions at the front end where the files will be sourced. Because our existing 
customers and merchants itself will be a huge number to go for in the initial years. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
That is agreeable, but do they have that kind of need in terms of loans and all. I mean merchant 
may have a need but are you sure about the customer that they are taking some loans and all or 
how is it? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, we already have data of which shows that some of our customers have loans from other 
MFIs and NBFCs and they have taken loans because we can see the credits coming into our 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
bank account. So, we expect that some of their customer base will move to Fino because of the 
saving account and the history which we have. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
So, you will be giving them a better rate to come back, come to you from as a change? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, obviously because as I mentioned and Ketan also mentioned the fact that our liability 
franchise it is a much lower cost of funds compared to the other SFBs. So, the benefit of that 
also to some extent will be passed on to the customer and he will be able to both customer and 
merchants he will be able to get loans at a reasonably reasonable price much better than some 
of the other players who are there in the market. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
I just want to understand what could be our cost advantage of a low cost when you say low-
cost CASA is it like 200 300 bps or something less than that over the competition? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So Utkarsh, if you just go back to the slide 26 which I alluded to, you know typically as I said 
if we just continue to open with our acquisition strategy, we can build anywhere in the range of 
around INR7,000 crores of liability base by not abnormal numbers of CASA. We are looking 
at anywhere a differential in the range of 250 basis points from the normal SFB. It can be more 
as well, but that is a differentiated approach which we are going to. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Okay, just last question before I just come back to the queue. You mentioned about that Fino 
app, right, FinoPay app. So, if I want to just understand how many new users have signed in 
this current quarter and what kind of offering is available to them, because I think you have 
mentioned only 7.0 lakh average users quarterly. So, what is the new addition to the app, if you 
can just help me out with that? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, I will come back to you with the exact number, but 2.1 lakhs have been the new users in 
this quarter. 
Utkarsh Maheshwari: 
Okay, and I mean basically this is more like you know this app is going to be available for all 
the users that is how you have to make it. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, all Fino, you have to understand that our Fino bank customers are not the top end they are 
the low pyramid of the market. So, for us when we see large part of them, nearly 40% 45% of 
our overall customer doing UPI and about 20% of them on FinoPay, that gives us very 
encouraging response to the digital story which we want to build because somewhere India is 
becoming more digital. So that will help us in as we go into that journey will help us in our 
digital credit portfolio which we want to build. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam Shroff from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Gautam Shroff: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, congratulations, Rishi. Congratulations, Ketan. 
Very well done. Thank you. My question is that we are focusing on high margin on network 
business. And this is one of the fastest growing that I understand the portfolio, CASA and 
CMS. But overall, gross margins are down 100 basis points year-on-year, and 150 basis points 
quarter-on-quarter. How do we explain this? 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, this is more with regard to, while Ketan will get into more details, but from my own, this is 
just a product mix change which is there, which has happened. One item in case of CASA 
because the chip costs has gone up substantially in the last six months to one year, may be 
more than a year now. So that has also impacted to some extent our CASA margin, that is the 
only impact on the CASA margin because of the increase in the chip cost. 
 
Apart from that, it is largely a product mix issue which is there between the overall business, 
Ketan. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Gautam, thanks. I think one point which Rishi essentially explained was on the CASA chip. 
However, I just want to add one point out here is that this is important. While CASA chip costs 
will continue for larger part of this year. Our renewal income, which is now 38% of our total 
CASA comes at a 75% plus margin. 
 
Last year the same renewal income was in the range of around 32% of the total CASA income. 
So, there will be an offsetting which will come, if not fully but to a large extent. Couple of 
more points in terms of this thing is Rishi just mentioned earlier in his comments as well that 
we intend to keep our own account and our open banking in a particular range. 
 
Just to give a number on that and that will explain on a Y-o-Y basis own and API or own and 
open banking was in Q1 „23 was 62% 38%. In Q1 2024, it is 65% and 35%. In the 
immediately preceding quarter, which is quarter 4, „23, that percentage was around 67% and 
33%. Definitely, we want to keep it range bound and we will continue to keep it range bound. 
That definitely has an impact which is on coming on our bottom line as well. 
 
Second aspect which I would also just want to trade off is typically if we go by the trend, first 
quarter is the profitability, there is a very steep growth which comes essentially, and this is on 
the expensive side as well. Our operating cost, which is in quarter 1, „24 is around INR69.6 
crores. In Q4, „23, it was INR62.7 crores. In Q1, „23, it was INR64 crores. So somewhere over 
the period of time, and that's how our business model is also generated or made to be, is that 
the margins, whether it's patent margin, and I know what you are referring to, if you are saying 
sequentially Yes, sequentially EBITDA was 13.3 in last quarter now it's 11.6. 
 
However, the nature of our business is such that, Quarter one is typically the lowest in terms of 
these margins and as we go during the year, it peaks in Q3 and Q4. 
Gautam Shroff: 
Great. Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you, Gautam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Yes, hi Rishi and Ketan. Congrats on a great set of numbers. So just two questions. One again 
on the corporate restructuring bid. So, what will happen to the microfinance business we have 
under the parent? 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Ketan Merchant: 
Renish, hi, Ketan here. Technically, this is an agenda or the headache of the really HoldCo. 
And HoldCo, when they have initiated this conversation on corporate restructuring, they are 
well within, aware of the regulation that there cannot be an NBFC and a bank coexisting 
within the same group. So, I'm sure that at a HoldCo level, there is some solution which is 
coming out on the NBFC, MFI. 
Renish: 
Got it. And let's say when as a company we want to apply for SFB license, we will be applying 
through the existing entity or from the parent? 
Rishi Gupta: 
We will be applying through the bank, payments bank. 
Renish: 
Okay, we will be applying through the operating company only, right? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, as well as payments bank can convert into an SFB. If you want to apply as a separate 
entity while regulation allows payments bank and SFB to coexist within the same group is my 
understanding, but we would like to convert from a payments bank to an SFB not apply as a 
separate SFB under the holding company. 
Ketan Merchant : 
Renish, just a point on here which we mentioned earlier as well that typically by the regulatory 
guidelines, a payment bank which is completed five years of operations can apply for a 
conversion and that is the essentially the window or the avenue which we are going to utilize.  
Renish: 
Okay but then what about the promoter holding I mean, if we do reverse merger then 
practically there will be no promoter but then for applying SFB, we need promoter right? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, for Payments Bank, we have already completed five years, which is a required scenario for 
a promoter to be identified. RBI anyway looks at diverse holdings and you would have seen 
RBI has approved quite a bit of holding company and subsidy reverse merger. So, we don't 
expect that to be a challenge because we are already meeting the five-year criteria of a 
promoter under payments bank. 
Renish: 
Got it, sir. And so just a last question on the SFB part, so I do hear you about, our SFB will be 
differentiated from, all of the other SFBs in terms of the continuing with the asset light model. 
But do you foresee any, let's say, P&L impact because of that on the opex side? Maybe it could 
be towards, let's say, a licensing expense or some bit of expense on tech, etcetera. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Ranish, hi, Ketan, I'll just try and take this. Let's just start off with what we said is overall 
process is a two-year process. So, let's just go back in a scenario wherein is there any kind of a 
P&L impact coming in the first two years or the immediately two years of operations? The 
answer is, no. The second point which essentially, which Rishi also alluded in his comments 
was that, from a capitalization perspective as we speak, we have enough capital and more 
wherein we can essentially, and it is also about the accruals which are coming to us in terms of 
the profitability which we are hearing. 
 
Third aspect is yes, there can be, there will definitely be some sort of a technology investments 
which will come, there will be a credit team as I think earlier Utkarsh was also indirectly 
alluding to. So, all of that will be built over a period of time. However, the benefit or the 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
differentiation besides the low cost of funds which we discussed, it is also about what, we said 
earlier, the way we are looking at is a payment bank plus model. 75% to 80% of our income 
even in the first couple of years of operations on SFB would be through payment bank. 
 
So somewhere our lending institution or the model which we are building will be largely the 
payment bank engine will actually fund it off as well. As regards to how the specifics, I think 
those are being worked out and we will keep you updated as we go forward towards this 
journey. 
Renish: 
Got it. So, let's say to summarize this, SFB from day one, let's say assuming today's day one, 
and we apply for SFB, there will be no impact on the P&L? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, we just mentioned, someone earlier said, as in when we get the SFB license, there will be 
a regulatory point, which will come whether BC banking can be allowed. As per the current 
regulations, BC banking cannot be allowed. That is constituting around 8% to 9% of our 
revenue. That we have to work out. However, the incremental revenue which comes at the 
time of SFB, not only on account of the lending or the cost of funds, which we have explained, 
but also on account of payment services model is far more to compensate any of these aspects.  
Renish: 
Okay, got it. So, I think what we see at your BC relates to banking revenue. Okay, thanks 
Ketan, thank you Rishi and all the best. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Renish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, thank you. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have two questions. First is on the 
CASA book. Can you give an update against the INR1,200 crores of CASA deposits that you 
had last quarter, which included customers and merchants? What is it as of June? And if you 
can help me understand the, you've given the renewal income of it, can you give me the new 
subscription revenue part of it as well. 
 
Now my main question with the CASA book is that, if I go with your FY „28 aspiration of 
about 27.5 million CASA accounts, if I project it in my future and if I use the same rate to 
project my deposits on balance sheet, I am not able to reach the INR6,800 crores. So obviously 
you are looking at a higher CASA balance per customer or per account. So, what is going to be 
the strategy? Are we looking at newer customer segments? If you can give some color around 
it because obviously the balances are growing, the deposit book will grow much faster than the 
number of accounts at first. 
 
Second is on, again, coming back to the loan question, instead of going into the SFB side, I 
think for the past couple of quarters, you've been talking about how you're doing multiple pilot 
programs on gold loan or other loans with your merchants. So, if you can help us understand 
and probably it'll give us a little bit more comfort on how a Merchant driven Banking model 
can do loans. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
I can understand underwriting, and disbursement will be done digitally but collection and 
everything could you tell us any learnings you had through your pilot program so that is easier 
for us to understand. How you will be scaling up your lending side and how much will your 
lending book become by FY „28, if you can give us any estimates on that. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, Shreya, thanks. I've been writing what you just said. Let me just go in sequentially. In 
terms of our deposit balances, on an average, and I'll say both average and period, so that, it is 
a very, it gives the right kind of a perspective. On a sequential basis, between March and June, 
on a period end basis, our deposits are largely flat. However, if you saw on the average deposit 
size, the average deposit between these two quarters have increased by around 13%. And that's 
the point which I essentially made. 
 
Now, your question remaining on deposit, how are we growing? I again take you back to the 
slide 26, where we have just put our thoughts. If we are opening anywhere in the range of 
around 35 lakhs account or in that range, whatever that number we put. And our average 
balance‟s continues to increase. Here in „28, we are seeing that from 1200, which is the current 
average balance, we will go to 2500. That will be a staged manner. But even if we keep on 
opening it off, so that actually gives us a good amount of impetus coming on our average 
balances. And that is how the liability franchise or liability balances which we book. 
 
You and I both know that in terms of EMD or the merchant business these are added numbers 
so we can't even comment at what 31, March and 30, June. We are focusing on the average 
balance out there essentially. Remaining on liabilities you mentioned it that, are we looking at 
increasing the profile of our customers. The answer is yes, we are. Rishi mentioned that we 
opened some 34,000 digital savings accounts and we are widening our net as well, while 
focusing on the real Bharat or the rural Bharat where we are there. 
 
However, there is an expectation built in our model as well that, an average balance of 
customer will go double from year on over next five years. That is in regards to our entire 
CASA strategy or the liability strategy. Everything else is a moving and a variable factor. One 
thing emphasis is about the new customers which we are opening up. 
 
Your second question is on the lending side. If I did understand your question, you were 
saying that, how are we going to build a lending? And by FY „28, how do we expect or what 
should be the lending book which we are there? Here I'll just put up thought of our strategy 
essentially as Rishi earlier said is that it will be largely to the known customers. We have by 
the time we go into SFB; it is likely that, we are expected to have, somewhere in the range of 
around 20 lakhs accounts or in „26, „27, we are expecting two crores of customer liabilities.  
 
Now, our first aim would be to monetize those. How will we monetize? Most of these guys 
will have, data, we will have data with them for at least three years, if not more, two years to 
three years. Going back to the point, which we are saying that our larger book would be the 
merchant loan which we are looking at. 
 
The merchants who have been interacting, who have been earning essentially through us is 
something which we will look at. So, that will become the larger component of the book. Other 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
thing is the 2 crores customers, who are getting high-cost credit currently, those we will try 
and convert to us. We have a distinct advantage in terms of the low-cost liabilities which we 
have explained off and gradually, we transit into a auto loan and more secure products as well 
which will be coming through. 
 
So that is our plan in regards to the credit which we are looking at. We are not going to go 
aggressive in terms of credit. All of this taken together will result in still lending income being 
in the range of around 20%, which means that our expectation if I am saying in my opening 
statement that we go 20% year-on-year in terms of our growth, our payment business and 
some of the new avenues which comes to us on account of the INR2 lakh restriction getting 
lifted will essentially help our payment services to grow as well. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So the one thing that I was trying to ask over here is, I understand the underwriting, 
disbursement and all of those that I think you've explained it in your presentation as well, but 
particularly on around collection which is which may become a heavy part of on your opex 
because you only have 2,000, 3,000 employees on your payroll. I mean how will that work 
out? That will be one of the key questions when you start a lending business. 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, from a collection point of view, two ways in which collection will happen. One is that 
because we already have an account with the people, with our customers and merchants, the 
same account can be used for collection purposes. Over and above that, you would recall CMS 
is one of our big products in which we do a lot of collections for NBFCs, MFIs and likes of 
other companies. With more than INR5,000 crores now on an average, we are collecting every 
month.  
 
We believe the same engine can be used for collections as well when we get into the SFB 
model. But largely collections will be coming from the direct credit which will come into their 
account. Over and above that if required, we will also set up ecosystem of agencies if required 
at a later point of time depending on the collections. As somebody asked us earlier, because of 
our cost of funds being much lower than the other competition which is there in the market 
will help us to offer loan also at a much reasonable price compared to the other competition, 
which makes us believe that the collection should also be reflected from the fact that our loans 
will be at a lower price. 
 
Will also result in a higher collection from a rating review point of view as well. So, three 
things, one we credit into the account, we have already a CMS engine which is running and 
thirdly because our loans will be more affordable compared to the other peers, which should 
result in better collection. So those are the three things I can say as of now. But over the 
period, if required, we'll have to build-up a collection agency model, which bases our 
experience we have seen. We have been able to build it quite significantly otherwise also. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. Thank you. So just last one clarification. Is your banking model, is there an equivalent 
we can look at somebody who is doing merchant driven loan model anywhere across the 
globe, any peers… 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Management: 
Yes. There is one company in Brazil, which is a Nubank. You should look at that model that is 
very similar to what Fino will be. So, they started with transaction banking through a merchant 
model and now they got into credit, and they got big into credit card and everything else. So 
that is I think they have some 7 crores or 8 crores customers on their platform. One of the 
largest ecosystem which has been created in Brazil, which is following which Fino is in a way, 
independently we have been doing, what we have been thinking is independent of that. But 
very similar roadmap and similar business lines like Nubank. Look at that it's a very interesting 
company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipika M from Axis Bank. Please go ahead.  
Dipika M: 
Thanks for taking my question. So, I wanted to understand what is your target of maintaining 
your cost to income ratio? Although, I find it to be low even for a payments bank, but after 
getting into an SFB, given you may not be able to do BC banking, or you have to get an 
agency for collection and employees will also increase. So, what's your target on cost to 
income? 
 
And my second question was, current average balance in your CASA account is around 1,200 
and aspiration is up to 2,500 for FY '28. So how does the INR2 lakh balance limit removal 
help you given that you will still be a rural focused bank? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Hi Deepika, Ketan here. Let me just take the first question first in terms of cost-income ratio. 
You are right, 25%, 26% for a retail bank is lower. However, I think, just go back to the 
genesis of Fino, we have always maintained that we will be an asset-light model. The way it 
essentially works is, rather than branches of brick-and-mortar, as Rishi said in his points, we 
operate through these touch points. So that is something which will continue. If I just go back 
to my opening statements, I just said that our model is structured in a manner and we have seen 
that testimony of last 12 quarters that if our revenue grows by 20%, our bottom line is 
scheduled to grow by anywhere in the range of 2x to 2.5x of that growth. And that is 
something which we are dovetailing into our SFB model as well. 
 
In terms of whilst we will continue to invest into technology and digital which we have done, 
which we have done on a phase basis, and we will do that as well. But we will not lose the 
asset-light nature of our business, whether it is in the payment bank avatar or the payment bank 
plus, plus avatar, which we are looking at two years from now or at least two years from now. 
 
Now the question comes is how does a typical SFB function with such low operating cost? The 
answer to lies -- here lies in two aspects. One is the question which Utkarsh earlier asked and 
even the preceding one, I think Rishi's answer to Shreya. I will take the credit underwriting or 
the order or the collection piece in a very simplistic manner. I think Rishi explained in the 
earlier question is it's not that typical feet-on-street approach which we are going to adopt. We 
have our merchant network, we have our back-end processes, we will leverage that, we have 
the experience on the CMS piece as well, where we are doing more than INR15,500 crores of 
throughput or collection if we can say, in a quarter. So, all of that will dovetail into our 
collection strategy without making it too asset-heavy. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
In terms of dispersal or in terms of mobilizing deposits, currently we have INR1,200 crores of 
deposits without any significant branches or these are collected, or these are mobilized through 
our merchant point only and that is what we dovetail, or we will continue to doing it off. 
Lending anyway is simple, sourcing of lending is simple, it's about the quality of sourcing 
which is more important. So, if our merchants can actually mobilize deposit and it comes back 
to the point, I'll address your average balance points separately, but if we happen to open 2.5 
lakhs plus accounts on a monthly basis, lot of these aspects in terms of liability building even 
for SFB will be sorted just by the business flow which we have currently built through. 
 
Now coming to your last point, yes, in slide 26 we have mentioned it off that we will be 
looking at increasing the customer base. Now, does it mean that we will be shifting our focus 
from a rural to a non-rural kind of a base? No. Are we going into the upper strata of the 
demographic Indian population? We will gradually grow into the upper kind of a business 
model as well, in terms of liability franchises. There will be some deposits which will be there, 
more than INR2 lakhs, definitely. However, more than INR2 lakhs point, which Rishi and I 
both eluded was to facilitate a B2B business. Once the INR2 lakh deposit balance is gone or 
that restriction is gone, it will help us in growing our payment services with B2B where lot of 
business currently is getting restricted because of this. 
 
So, to answer, asset-light is the core, and we will always continue to be that. Operating cost 
matrix very-very super important for us we will not spend unless there is a requirement. We 
intend to continue that DNA in our SFB as well and the INR2 lakh limit restriction helps us in 
our B2B business. Digital overplay which we are doing will help us in terms of increasing our 
balances from 1,200 to 2,500. That's my perspective. 
Dipika M: 
I have one more question. So, can you elaborate on how you get your cost of deposit to 100 
bps to 250 bps lower than your competitors? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, again, as I said, if you go to slide 26, we have to just put a perspective out here in FY „23, 
and this is, I'm seeing previous March, we had 75 lakhs accounts, now we have around 83 
lakhs. Our aspiration number of FY '28, and I'm just reading it from the slide, is around 27 
million, if we are adding 3.5 million to 4 million account on a steady average balance. Also, 
this leads to a number which is around 4x the existing numbers on that our average balance is 
which is 1 to 1.6. 
 
Currently we can bring out to 2,500 for the reasons which I just said, that deposit balance will 
become 6,875 from 1,200 now. Our belief is that in the target segment where we are or our 
focus is, we may not have to shell out too much of cost of funds if our acquisition engine 
works the way we have envisaged or our acquisition engine works the way it is working for 
last five quarters six quarters. 
Dipika M: 
I got you sir, thank you.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Dipika. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishrut Bubna, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Vishrut Bubna: 
Yes, hi. Just wanted to understand as to how saturated, in your opinion, is the AEPS market 
opportunity and going forward, do you feel that there's room for AEPS to grow beyond rural 
areas to places where instead of maybe building an ATM distribution, AEPS is a better go. So, 
has it saturated to a point where even as for your strategy moving towards UPI is going to be 
the way forward for even the more rural strata? 
Management: 
So, when we look at the India opportunity, see, India has 1.4 billion population with nearly 
800 million people who don't have proper access to financial services and banking. And we 
have just started the payment bank five years, six years back. So, the opportunity is quite big. 
And from opportunity point of view, we are just focusing on right now on transactions and 
now moving to accounts. The monetization piece which will come from the lending is about to 
start once we convert from a payments bank to an SFB piece. 
 
As far as Aadhaar Enabled Payment System, AEPS is concerned, government is moving very 
fast in terms of subsidies and disbursements which used to happen in kind to now subsidies 
and grants which are happening into the bank account of the customer directly, which is direct 
benefit transfer. So AEPS volumes are expected to grow from the last year levels. We have 
seen substantial growth in the AEPS in the year '21-„22 and to some extent in „23 because that 
was the migration, or the thinking process change in the government from transferring the 
money through the old system to the direct benefit transfer. 
 
Now that part has been already taken care of. Now whatever incremental allocations are 
happening on the budget side, whether on P M Kisan, NREGA scholarship that are now 
moving into AEPS framework. So AEPS has become the de facto framework for all kinds of 
direct benefit transfers which are there. 
 
And looking at the success of direct benefit transfer, we believe that this ecosystem of AEPS 
will only become stronger and better over the period of time. 
Vishrut Bubna: 
Yes, and going forward, do you see your primary driver deposits coming from your digital 
channel or are you still like what how are you going to be investing in terms of acquiring those 
deposits and channels? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Our primary channel continues to be the physical network of merchants which we have built 
up so they will continue to be the primary source of accounts for us. What we are now pushing 
more is moving people who have been acquired physically to work with us on digital 
framework whether on FinoPay, whether on UPI because we have seen people who are active 
on digital platform even though we have acquired them physically continue to do more 
transactions, continue to do have more renewal, continue to have more balances. So, you can 
say we are a very physical kind of a bank. Physical to digital is the road map which is there. 
 
Over and above that, we have two sources through which we acquire digital customers. First is 
through our own B2C piece which is there through the marketing initiatives. And the second is 
through the partnership initiative which we have just started with Hubble. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, we will probably have one or two more tie-ups in this financial year on 
account of that.  

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Vishrut Bubna: 
Thank you. Great and congratulations. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachit Motwani from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Hi, Rishi and Ketan. Congratulations. Just one question. You mentioned about B2B within the 
payment services. Can you help me understand, would this be margin diluted? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Hi Sachit. Again, as I said, the way we have to look at it is typically our payment services will 
replace or we will use it more because if we get more than 2 lakhs kind of a thing. There are 
two aspects which we are looking at it. We have in the past said that our own to our open, we 
want a skewing towards our own. We have been largely successful to keep it range bound. I 
can say that the payment services margin would be far-far better than our open banking 
margin. 
 
As regards to the other products, I think it is you know, as in when we are launching our 
payment services which goes beyond to this thing, we will have a look at that coming through. 
However, it will definitely be better than our sort of open banking margin. Hence, it will have 
a positive impact coming on the bottom line. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Got it. But in the interim, would you need a higher float as well? 
Ketan Merchant: 
No, Sachit. Actually, for doing this business or for that matter any business is for ours, we 
enjoy higher float inward coming, we are not required to keep any float or nostro account if 
you are alluding towards. In the, until now in our only payment bank avatar, we have not 
specifically emphasized on liability building. This is what it comes to us based on the 
acquisition which we do. 
So, if your question is, will it lead to a benefit in terms of higher float? The answer is essentially, yes. On a staggered basis, 
there will definitely be a benefit which will come on that. If we have to maintain any float, for 
facilitating this, the answer is, no. That business is somewhere where it will give us float rather 
than we have to put a deposit or anything else with anyone else. 
Sachit Motwani: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thanks. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Okay Sachit. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Hi, Rishi. Hi, Ketan. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My questions are to Ketan. 
One is we have seen an 11% increase in the opex, is there any major drivers of this? Is there 
any one-off into this? And second is, how much is our total borrowing as of June '23? 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes. Hi Deepak. Yes, you're right. On a sequential basis, we have seen 11%. I mentioned the 
numbers earlier as well, that it's an account of, you know, our Q4 was 62.7, we have a 69.6. 
Couple of points which we have to be cognizant out here is, in the Indian sector, April 
dovetails the growth in terms of the employee emoluments as well. So, of these 10.9%, if I can 
just say around, 5.5%, 6%, if not more is on account of the employee emoluments which we 
have started from 1, April onwards. 
 
There is one more aspect which has come out here and I mentioned it in my earlier comments 
as well that AEPS industry as a whole is going through a cloning kind of a scenario. This is an 
ecosystem challenges which have come across. So there has been some operational loss not 
only for us as players but all players across. It depends for some players it has come in last 
quarter for us it has come in this quarter. So that approximately would be in the range of 
around INR2 crores. I would not want to call it a complete one-off. However, this is a number 
which is far higher than what we have anticipated off. So, these are the two reasons on the 
main reasons on the sequential differences between on the operating cost 
 
Sorry, your second question I missed was, on the borrowing space, yes. On the borrowing 
piece, if I go between March and June, the borrowings have increased by somewhere in the 
range of around INR400 crores. My investment together has increased by around INR500 
crores or INR480 crores to be very precise. So, wherever we are getting an opportunity to 
leverage our payment banking license, we essentially do that and currently our yields are good 
so that our borrowing pricing is completely outpaced by the incremental yields which we are 
getting on the T-Bills. 
 
Having said that, just to reiterate it off, we do not take long-term positions as a payment bank. 
off, we do not take long term positions and run a mismatch of ALM book. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Deepak. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing comment. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you everyone for joining us. I know it's a busy week as far as analyst calls are 
concerned, earnings calls are concerned. But let me reiterate the fact that we had a good 
quarter, and we continue to stay focused on our 20% growth target. Our DDD strategy on 
Distribution Data and Digital will become the cornerstone as far as the SFB transition is 
concerned. As we mentioned, SFB transition, first step we have taken by taking the board 
approval, now we'll be applying to RBI and then build-up the model and the technology over 
the next two years and then the SFB operations will start subject to all regulatory approvals. 
 
As we mentioned also our SFB will be more a transaction focused with lending as an 
opportunity and I mentioned always that we run payments and liabilities like a bullet train and 
lending will always be like a goods train. So, we will be very focused in terms of the approach 
we take on the lending piece. Liabilities will continue to be the focus for us as we want to 
build-up a liability first bank and then do lending on top of it. 

 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
With this I again extend my warm wishes and thank you to all the participants. Thank you. 
Management: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisor that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
