 
 
 
 
SEC/FILING/BSE-NSE/23-24/68A-B                                                               July 31, 2023 
  BSE Limited 
  P. J. Towers, 
  Dalal Street, Fort, 
  Mumbai – 400 001. 
  Scrip Code: 511218 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G- Block, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: SHRIRAMFIN 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub.: Transcript of investors earnings call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
Further to our letter dated 27th July 2023, regarding the audio link of the investors earnings 
call for the first quarter ended June 30 2023, we enclose herewith the transcript of the said call. 
The Transcript is also been uploaded on the Company website www.shriramfinance.in  
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
U BALASUNDARARAO 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.:a/a. 
 
 
BALASUNDA
RARAO UPPU
Digitally signed by 
BALASUNDARARAO 
UPPU 
Date: 2023.07.31 
11:31:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Shriram Finance Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
. 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. UMESH REVANKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN – SHRIRAM 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR.  Y S CHAKRAVARTI – MD & CEO– SHRIRAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. PARAG SHARMA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR & CFO 
 
MR. S. SUNDER - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. P. SRIDHARAN - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SUDARSHAN HOLLA - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. NILESH ODEDARA - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. G. M. JILANI - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. RAVI SUBRAMANIAN – MD & CEO – SHRIRAM HOUSING 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MUNDRA – INVESTOR RELATIONS HEAD – SHRIRAM 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shriram Finance Limited Q1 FY ‘24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Umesh Revankar, 
Executive Vice Chairman. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you. Good evening, friends from India and Asia. A warm welcome to all of you who have 
joined this call. Greetings also to those who have joined from the western part of the world. 
To present our Q1 earning call today, I have with me Mr. Chakravarti, Managing Director, Joint 
Managing Director and CFO, Mr. Parag Sharma, and Joint Managing Directors, Mr. Sunder, 
Sridharan, Sudarshan, Nilesh and Mr. Jilani. We also have with us Mr. Ravi Subramanian:, MD 
& CEO of our Subsidiary, Shriram Housing Finance Limited and Sanjay Mundra, our Investor 
Relationship Head. 
Financial year 2024 is also when Shriram Group is celebrating its Golden Jubilee. So this is the 
50th year of our existence. I take this opportunity to thank all of our group customers, investors, 
deposit holders, team members, and all of the stakeholders for enabling our Group to reach this 
milestone of 50 years of existence. Thank you very much. 
Coming to the economy, the performance of which is intertwined with our company's own 
performance, Indian economy grew at 7.2% in FY'23, exceeding government's projection. India 
was the fastest growing major economy in the world, and this performance underscored the 
country's resilience compared to general slowdown in Europe and other parts of the world. 
The GDP growth outlook for FY24 is currently expected more than 6%. With good monsoon, 
well-contained inflation, increasing consumption would likely boost the private capex. The 
government spend on logistics infrastructure would encourage international manufacturing to 
move to India. And that means Indian economy is likely to exceed the expectation. 
On inflation, the CPI index has been reasonably benign in the first quarter of FY'24. The month 
of April it was 4.7, and it is the lowest since October 21. In following month, May 23, it came 
down further to 4.25. And in the month of June, it went up to 4.81, but still below the RBI's 
tolerance limit. 
The wholesale inflation was in negative territory throughout the first quarter. Meanwhile, RBI 
in its MPC meeting retained the repo rate at 6.5 and guided for the inflation for the FY'24 at 5.1. 
So we can expect the repo rate to remain at current level if that is the overall guidance. 
On the rural economy, after having faced some headwinds in the last 18 or so months, mainly 
caused by the inflation and higher commodity prices, Indian rural economy appears to be doing 
well now. It has reflected in higher FMCG consumption plus two wheeler sales. The crop yields 
are up, the MSP prices are up, and therefore, the agricultural income and non-agricultural income 
should be helping the rural economy to revive. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
As for the monsoon, southwest monsoon has covered entire country and we expect the kharif to 
be good. The kharif planting season is underway now. There is sufficient stocks of staple grains 
which are wheat and rice, the procurement of which has helped the agri-economy. While the 
official statistics on food grain production of FY'22-23 season are yet to be published, it is 
estimated to have been 324 million tons, which is 2.5% higher than the previous year estimate, 
and also represents record production levels for seventh year consecutively. 
Meanwhile, the government has set a target of 332 million foot grain for this crop year, that is, 
23-24, that is, July to June, which is 2.6% increase over the previous year. Overall, Kharif crop 
has been sown in around 53.6 million hectares till July 14, which is around 4.29% less than the 
previous year. But by the end of this month, it is likely to cover that deficit. 
On GST collection, the Q1, 2024 has seen a robust GST collection. And April 23, we saw highest 
ever GST collection of 1.87 lakh crore. The strength of GST collection continued into May with 
1.57 lakh crores and June at 1.61 lakh crore. This helps the government's planned infrastructure 
spend. 
Now coming to the auto industry, the automobile industry has largely been doing good, despite 
the fact that first quarter normally is a dull one. The commercial vehicle, the CV sales aggregated 
2,17,046 units, compared to 2,24,488 units. And within CV, M&HCV saw a growth of 2.5% 
year-on-year, that is 77,774 versus 75,854. Meanwhile LCV sales were slightly lower at 139,272 
against 148,634 a year ago. 
The passenger vehicle registered a growth of 9.4% with 9,95,974 units against 9,10,495 units 
previous year. Two Wheeler again has seen the growth with 11.2% in Q1, 2024 versus Q1 FY'23, 
which was 41,40,964 units compared to 37,24,533 units. Three wheelers have seen the maximum 
growth of 89.4% growth with 1,44,475 units against 76,293 units. Tractors have again seen 
growth of 19.23% over the previous year with 2,25,234 units, against 1,88,903 units. 
India's construction equipment industry turned out a best ever performance in FY'23 with 26% 
year-on-year increase in sales with 24,806 units being sold against 21,299 units. India with this 
kind of consumption or the sales is likely to become third largest market for construction 
equipment overtaking Japan in the year 2024. 
On the other prominent loan product that Shriram Finance offers is MSME. India has an 
estimated 63 million MSME units registered and Shriram largely caters to Micro and Small with 
average ticket size of around 1 million and with which the company has been nurturing for nearly 
two decades now and wanting to scale it across the country post-merger with large number of 
branches and the network being there. 
The growth of formal retail credit demand in India is in upward trajectory overall. And we see a 
lot of involvement happening from urban and rural region also. The surge in demand is largely 
driven by digitally literate, tech savvy, younger generation who have embraced mobile 
technology for their daily transaction. Even the rural credit, which was dependent on local 
moneylenders, is now moving towards formal credit option with the JAM Trinity helping them 
become part of digital economy. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Recognizing this opportunity, we have forged a strategic collaboration with pioneering mobile 
payment platform, Paytm, to extend financial services across the nation. As a prominent player 
in delivering financial solutions to unbanked populations, this partnership holds immense 
significance for Shriram Finance. Being the largest retail NBFC in the country, this alliance will 
facilitate issuance of loans to credit starved segment of the economy through a few taps of 
smartphones. With this new digital alliance, the company aims to reduce downtime for 
customers seeking instant credit, while retaining its position as trusted financial service partner. 
Paytm, a trailblazer in QR and mobile payment, has redefined the traditional loan distribution 
model with its focus on digital first credit distribution, ensuring access to users at the last mile. 
By combining Paytm's extensive reach and technological infrastructure with Shriram Finance’s 
expertise in lending and underwriting, this partnership forms a potent force in financial services 
sector. 
With sourcing, distribution, and servicing moving on to digital platforms, the cost of borrowing 
would certainly get reduced to the customers over the period. This is going to be a game changer 
for small enterprises in improving business margins, increasing sales, and expanding their 
market. 
We also are happy to inform that the S&P international rating agency upgraded our international 
ratings from BB minus to BB. On merger synergies, the synergies arising out of last year's 
amalgamation of Shriram Transport Finance and Shriram City Union Finance, we continue to 
expand our product suite in our combined network of branches in Shriram Finance Limited. The 
process of two companies coming together and working has been relatively seamless and a year 
down road, it appears to all of us at Shriram Finance, it has always been one entity. 
Now, I request my colleague, Mr. Chakravarti, to take over and run through the operational 
performance. Thank you. 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the earnings call for the first quarter of the new 
financial year. 
We have declared our results for the quarter earlier today and I trust you had the opportunity to 
peruse them and the related investor presentation, which are available on the website of the stock 
exchanges. 
Post the merger which came into effect last year, our combined efforts are reflected in the results 
of the first quarter, and we hope they will only grow stronger progressively. We registered 
disbursement growth of 21.26% Y-O-Y, our disbursements in the first quarter aggregated to 
INR30,454.80 crores versus INR25,114.78 crores in Q1 FY'23 and versus INR31,054.10 crores 
in Q4 FY'23. 
Our asset under management as on 30th June 2023 has registered a growth of 18.56% over Q1 
FY'23 and of 4.06% over Q4 FY'23. Our AUM stood at INR1,93,214.67 crores as against 
INR1,62,970.04 crores a year ago and INR1,85,682.86 crores a quarter ago.  

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Our net interest income in Q1 FY'24 registered growth of 11.31% year-on-year to INR4,435.27 
crores in the quarter as compared to INR3,984.44 crores in Q1 FY'23 and INR4,445.89 crores 
in Q4 FY'23. 
Our net interest margin was 8.32% as against 8.12% in Q1 FY'23 and 8.55% in Q4 FY'23.  
We registered a PAT growth of 25.13% to INR1,675.44 crores for the first quarter of FY'24 as 
compared to INR1,338.95 crores in Q1 FY'23 and INR1,308.31 crores in Q4 FY'23. 
Our earnings per share for the quarter stood at INR44.73 as against INR35.76 in Q1 FY'23 and 
INR34.94 in Q4 FY'23.  
On our asset quality, Gross Stage 3 in Q1 FY'24 stood at 6.03%, and Net Stage 3 at 2.96% as 
against 6.27% Gross Stage 3 and 3.32% Net Stage 3 in Q1 FY'23, and 6.21% Gross Stage 3 and 
3.19% Net Stage 3 in Q4 FY'23. 
Our credit cost for Q1 FY'24 stood at 1.62% as against 2.34% for Q1 FY'23 and 2.24% for Q4 
FY'23. Our cost-to-income ratio was 27.29% in the first quarter as against 23.18% in Q1 FY'23. 
Our cost-to-income ratio in Q4 FY'23 was 28.29%.  
Regarding our subsidiary, Shriram Housing Finance, they have registered a disbursement growth 
of 139.42% over Q1 FY'23. Disbursements in the first quarter of this year were 1,902.61 crores 
as against 794.68 crores in Q1 FY'23 and INR1,301.13 crores in Q4 FY'23. 
The asset under management for Shriram Housing Finance as on 30th June 2023 has grown by 
64.39% year-on-year to INR9,539.20 crores as against INR5,802.64 crores in Q1 FY'23 and 
INR8,046.60 crores in Q4 FY'23. 
Their net interest income registered at growth of 41% in Q1 FY'24 to INR85.27 crores as 
compared to INR60.47 crores a year ago and INR66.63 crores a quarter ago. Shriram Housing 
Finance registered a profit after tax growth of 51.07% to INR45.64 crores as compared to 
INR30.21 crores for Q1 FY'23 and INR37.14 crores for Q4 FY'23. 
Their EPS stood at INR1.40 against INR0.93 in Q1 FY'23 and against INR1.14 in Q4 FY'23. 
Their Gross Stage 3 for the first quarter of this year stood at 1% and Net Stage 3 came in at 
0.75% as compared to Gross Stage 3 at 1.56 and Net Stage 3 at 1.19 in Q1 FY'23 and at 0.93 
Gross Stage 3 and 0.69 at Net Stage 3 in quarter 4 FY'23. 
I shall now request our Whole-Time Director and CFO, Mr. Parag Sharma, to highlight the 
activities centered around raising of resources and credit rating upgrades, after which our Joint 
Managing Director, Mr. Sunder will brief you about accounting and other aspects. Thank you. 
Parag? 
Parag Sharma: 
Hello everyone, I am Parag. On the debt, we have total debt outstanding of INR1,61,931 as of 
the June quarter and the cost has gone up by around 7 basis points from 8.82 to 8.89. We are 
maintaining diversity of liability sources with the retail deposit at around 24%, external 
commercial borrowing both in the loan and bond format at close to 15%, the domestic capital 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
market at 21%, bank borrowing at around 25%, and securitization, which is done for priority 
sector assets at around 15%. 
The liquidity is close to around INR16,165 crores, and this will take care of our next three 
months of maturity, which is close to around INR15,790 crores. We always had a policy of 
maintaining three months of liability repayment into liquid assets, and that continues to be there. 
The LCR ratio is at 202.83% versus 209% in the previous quarter. The debt to equity has slightly 
come down from 3.65% to 3.6%. This is on account of utilization of the excess liquidity what 
we had. And the ALM buckets continue to be positive. And up to one year bucket the cumulative 
surplus will be in excess of INR26,000 crores. 
We had taken an ECB loan of 200 million in the last quarter through – this is on the loan format 
through different banks. I'll hand over to Sunder for his comments. 
S. Sunder: 
Hello everyone. The employee count as of 30th June 2023 was 66,343, an increase of 2,291 
compared to the March number. And while on the ECL positioning, the stage 1 PD was 8.05%, 
and the stage 2 PD was 18.88%, and LGD was 42.32. As against the March number of 8.04 of 
stage 1 PD, 18% of stage 2 PD, and 42.27 of the LGD. And we continue to hold this COVID 
provision. The amount as of 30th June was INR1,008 crores and as against an opening balance 
of INR1,107 crores. We had utilized INR99 crores in the current quarter. And that's it from me 
and we would open the forum for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is in the line of Digant Haria from Green Edge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Digant Haria: 
Hi, congratulations on the good performance and thanks for this opportunity. So, two questions 
from my side. First is a little on the recent performance that, see our -- in the last 12 months we 
have seen fast growth in, the old SCUF portfolio, which is the personal loans and MSME loans. 
These are typically, these are higher yielding loans, but still, our margins this quarter has been 
under pressure. So, if you can just explain that like it's from the borrowing cost side or what is 
it? 
S. Sunder: 
It's a combination of both on the yields as well as the cost. The interest cost has gone up 
marginally by around 7 basis point. And the yields have come down by 8 basis points to 9 basis 
points and that has caused the pressure on the NIMs. 
Digant Haria: 
Why would the yields come down because there is a faster growth in the SCUF portfolio? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Digant, I am Chakravarti here. So, that's basically because in the last quarter, we have funded -
- the share of our new vehicles have gone up. Funding of new vehicles has gone up. That has 
primarily led to both passenger and commercial vehicles has gone up, which has led to a slight 
compression in yield. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay, perfect, perfect. That's helpful. Thank you. And the second question is – maybe to both 
of you, Mr. Chakravarti and Revankar that, see when we look at this period of 2015 to 2020 both 
Shriram Transport and SCUF had credit costs in excess of 3% if we look at the whole five-six 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
year bucket. I understand we were migrating from 180 days to 90 days and there was ILFS and 
some economy itself was patchy but what has changed internally that we are now so confident 
of 2% kind of a credit cost. Is it our collections, our credit writing, or is it just that the vehicle 
prices are so high that even if we have to repossess, we'll not lose money? Is there any qualitative 
color you can give on this particular question? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes. It's a combination of everything. One is the economy is really doing well, and the vehicle 
utilization levels have gone up and vehicle values or prices have gone up. All this matters a lot 
for the operator. When the vehicle prices go up, people would like to hold on to vehicle, not to 
default, because the moment they default they lose the value of the vehicle or rather they lose 
the increased value of the vehicle. That is one thing primarily making them work little extra hard 
to retain the vehicle and operate.  
And second, their operating income has gone up. See, on an average, a vehicle used to operate 
around 19 days, 20 days earlier. And in the best of the days, it used to work for 22 days to 23 
days in a month. But today, consistently in the last two years, if you see, vehicles run around 25 
days, 26 days in a month because there is a good utilization, good demand for the vehicle. The 
number of vehicles have not increased in the last three years, even in spite of the economy 
growing because the vehicle prices have gone up steeply by 25%-30%. 
Since the vehicle prices have gone up, the buying of a new vehicle has slowed down. That 
enabled us and also the operator to use the existing vehicle for longer time and also with the best 
profitability. All this has helped. It is not only in the vehicle department, whether it is a personal 
vehicle or a passenger vehicle or a commercial vehicle. Even in the business also, there is a 
significant improvement in the environment. Earlier, around 60%, 70% of our collection used to 
be in cash, where we have to go to the customer and collect the cash. But last four, five years, 
the cash component has come down. Most of them are digital transactions. 
That saves a lot of time. And there is a substantial improvement in the productivity for both 
customer and the employee. That also helps the efficiency in the overall collection. So, all these 
things really matter a lot. So, the credit cost, as you rightly put it, from around 2.5% in the last 
couple of years back, it has come down below 2%. And we believe, this will continue to remain, 
and I don't see any further deterioration, and it should below at 2% in any point of time. One is 
environment, one is vehicle prices being up and the business overall operating levels have gone 
up. All this have resulted in this. 
Digant Haria: 
Perfect, perfect. Sir, thank you. That was a detailed response. And just on the SCUF portfolio 
also, if you can just comment on the same because SCUF was usually 3.5% to 4% kind of credit 
cost in the past. And on the Shriram City Union portfolio also, you can give those comments. 
Y S Chakravarti: 
That portfolio, Digant, as I was telling you, we were, you remember, that we have been working 
on both credit and collections for quite some time, and I think, plus added to that, the economy 
doing well, has resulted in what you see. I think this is not a flash in the pan, it's work across 
probably about five-six years of hard work. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Digant Haria: 
Right, right. Of course, of course. Just one more thing if I can squeeze in that, whenever the 
environment deteriorates next, someday in the next 10 years, it is going to deteriorate again. But 
those days, we will have lesser credit cost than in the past because of all these operating 
efficiencies that you talked about 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Exactly, exactly. 
Digant Haria: 
Perfect. Thank you so much for clarifying. All the best. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Kochar from Mirae Assets. Please go ahead. Gaurav 
your line is unmuted. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Yes, hi. Good evening sir. Thanks for taking my question. Firstly congratulation’s on the quarter. 
Just three questions from my side. First, I'm just extending the question asked by the previous 
participant. It is on the yield on loans. If I look at the mix today, gold loan, personal loan, MSME 
loans, all these are typically higher yielding loans. The share of these loans have been going up 
as the AUM mix is moving faster towards these loans. Going forward, sir, taking a slightly 
longer term view, maybe two, three years, what do you think would be the overall share of these 
products, gold, personal loan and MSME, all of this combined? Today, it's about 20% of the 
overall AUM. In two to three years, can we expect this to be at least 25%-26% of the overall 
loan? And if that is the case, then structurally, don't you think we can have better yields on the 
overall portfolio? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes, see, as you rightly put it, there will be a small shift in the portfolio towards high yielding. 
So, naturally the net interest margins will improve. We are aiming at around 8.5 level of net 
interest margin by the last quarter. So, that is one. And one of the reasons for the margin crease 
for this quarter was because normally during the end of financial year, that is March, the demand 
for new vehicle goes up. So, many of our customers upgraded to new vehicle during the March 
and this quarter. So, what happens is when the new vehicle component goes up, the margins are 
a little lower in new vehicles. 
So, this, normally you will see the demand coming up in the March, April, May. So these are 
the three months normally the new vehicle offtake is high for our customers. So, these are the 
two reasons. And as you rightly put it, by making slight changes in the overall portfolio, we'll 
be able to improve our margins as per the plan. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Sure, sure. Thanks. And then on AUM growth, this quarter we grew 19% Y-o-Y. Your overall 
guidance has been 15%. There is also a tie-up that you have done with, new FinTechs and you 
plan to do more tie-ups in the near term. So, taking that cue and, given that the growth and 
overall demand has been strong, do you see, upgrading your guidance of 15% AUM growth? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, as of now, we will stick to 15% guidance, but coming to the end of the second quarter, we'll 
be able to clearly say what is likely growth for the full year, because we would like to see the 
monsoon coverage fully and see how the rural economy shapes up and that will help us to give 
a concrete number. But as you indicated, this 18%-19% is something in the first quarter is a good 
sign and we can expect these numbers to be maintained for the full year. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Understood. Understood. And sir, in that the FinTech partnerships that you will be doing, any 
sort of cap that you would have internally decided what percentage of AUM would be 
attributable to these FinTechs or what percentage of your AUM can be sourced from these 
FinTechs? Any sort of cap or any sort of number that you have in mind? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Right now we are looking at around 5% of the total AUM. So, that should be the target. And we 
will be growing very slowly there. We are not in a hurry to grow because we have the branch 
network reach. And this will be additional sourcing for us. Plus, we'll be combining both to see 
that we are most,very effective in our disbursement and collection. Because for us, the 
relationship and collection matters much more than the sourcing. But this will help us to reach 
out to new set of customers who are young, who are tech savvy and who would like to do 
business on digital mode. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Sure, sure. Understood. And on the cost, coming to cost, this quarter cost to income was slightly 
elevated at 30% versus your guidance of 27%, 28% kind of cost to income steady state. So, on 
a full year basis, do you see any risk to that 27%, 28% kind of cost-to-income guidance or you 
believe we can still achieve 28% kind of cost-to-income ratio for four years? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Yes, we should be around 27-28. I think we're very confident of managing it within that level. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Sure, and just last question, if I may squeeze in. If I look at the subsidiary, Shriram Housing, I 
mean, very strong performance in this quarter. AUM growth was 18%, Q-on-Q. Even margin 
expanded by 130 basis points sequentially. So, just wanted some color around where the growth 
is coming from. I see the share of LAP has gone up. So, any sort of color that you'd like to give 
on this portfolio? And secondly, if I look at the capital position, clearly it has, it's just a shade 
over 20% on the capital adequacy front. So, do you see any capital raising in the subsidiary in 
this financial year? And whether it will be Shriram Finance who will put in the capital or you're 
looking for some strategic partners? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
So hi, this is Ravi Subramanian here. As far as the split of growth is concerned, given that we 
are governed by NHB, there are certain, there is a certain mix that we have to maintain between 
HL and LAP to maintain our principal business criteria. And any origination that we do will 
actually be in line with that. We built a new team this quarter and that's the reason why you see 
the origination of LAP going up slightly higher than normal. That will stabilize and home loan 
will stay in the 62% to 65% range for us going forward. 
As far as the capital position is concerned, I think statutorily we are required to be somewhere 
around 15% capital adequacy. We are still 7%, 7.5% away from that and as a subsidiary of a 
large NBFC, I think we are in a reasonably strong position to capitalize as and when required. 
So, at this point in time, I don't see too much of a stress on that point at all. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Okay, understood. And on the profitability, the ROA for the subsidiary was at 2.2%. Steady 
state, what is the ROA and ROE you're looking at, let's say, by the end of this year? 
Ravi Subramanian: 
For the subsidiary, given the leverage is high, my ROAs should be somewhere in the region of 
about 2.75 to 2.8 on a steady state basis. And at the leverage levels that I am at right now, I think 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
we would be, for the full year, FY’24, we would be somewhere around 15.5% in terms of an 
ROE. Because we are also investing heavily in growth and as a result of that, we will be at about 
15.5% ROE. The benefits of this growth will actually come in FY’25. 
Gaurav Kochar: 
Understood. Great. Congratulations again and thanks for taking my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Garg: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, when I look at the overall auto portfolio of CVs, 
passenger vehicles, construction equipment, all of this cumulatively, that portfolio has grown by 
about 16%. And this is while it's good on a standalone basis, but when we compare to peers, the 
growth is lower. So, what would be the reason why we've been lagging our peers in terms of the 
overall growth as far as the auto finance portfolio is concerned? Should I take up my other 
question right now or should we go one by one? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, as far as the growth is concerned, please understand and appreciate that we are fairly large. 
If you add our commercial vehicle and passenger vehicle put together, we are INR1,32,000 
crores. So, our growth rates will be definitely, cannot be compared with the smaller companies' 
growth rate because of the sheer denominator. So, overall increase in AUM will be still one of 
the highest is what I believe. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sure, sir. And sir, another thing which I wanted to ask is, so you've been pointing out since a 
few quarters that the vehicle prices, especially in the used vehicle market have gone up quite a 
bit, maybe in the range of 15%, 20%, even 25%. But then, what I wanted to understand is that, 
what is the growth in the number of vehicles that you would have financed in say Q1 or maybe 
even last year? Is there a growth in the number of vehicles financed by you? 
Umesh Revankar: 
Number wise, I think around 6% to 7% growth would be there and the rest is because of the 
value growth. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. And, sir, my last question is, so one of the large NBFCs, just yesterday 
highlighted some bit of caution on the rural personal loans. Since you are, present in that business 
segment or at least geographically, your presence is there. What is your sense about whether 
there's stress in the rural segments or not and the kind of leverage levels that they have and 
whether it is prudent to continue to lend to them and grow at the rate which we are growing in 
the personal loan segment. That will be all from my side. Thank you. Yes. 
Y S Chakravarti:  
Yes. Hi, this is Chakravarti. The entire personal loan book, you see that is there is totally consists 
of our existing customers. right, number one. Number two, majority of these customers are, 
100% of these customers are two-wheeler customers where either they would have completed 
75% of their existing two-wheeler loan, or, and above, basically, tenure would have been 
completed and we would have offered them a personal loan. Two things we must note here is 
that our two-wheeler portfolio, about close to 70% is semi-urban and rural, as you pointed out, 
and again, about 70% of them have no prior credit history. That is, they have minus one score. 
So, their ability to leverage outside is very limited. And we do offer them credit basing on their 
performance, on their loan performance. So, we are not too, to be honest with you, I'm not 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
worried about any stress on this portfolio. In fact, I'm very, very positive on this personal loan 
portfolio. We also make sure that the EMI for the customer does not cross the two-wheeler EMI 
that he was paying us. So, we do take precautions before lending. It's not just that it's a blind 
lending. And since they are all proven customer base, I don't find a reason to worry about this 
portfolio at all. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. What I see is that in the personal loan segment, I think the gross Stage 3 
may have gone up a little bit. I think it was 5.53% in the last quarter, gone up 5.6%, and that too 
we've seen a decent amount of growth in this quarter. So, but you think there's nothing really to 
worry about here? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Nothing to worry about. 
Raghav Garg: 
Probably because it's a seasonally lean quarter, that could be one explanation right? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
See, these small bumps happens, but it's not something that we really need to worry that the 
portfolio, about the portfolio. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sure. Thanks a lot sir. Thanks 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI. Please go ahead. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Actually, I've joined late, so sorry for 
being repetitive. As you said, there has been an increase in the cost of funds by 7 bps. So, how 
one should see this cost of fund moving in next two quarters? And respectively, what will be the 
impact on the margins and margin guidance impact for the full year FY '24? And this was my 
first question. 
Parag Sharma: 
Okay. As for the costs are concerned, there could be some increase in the subsequent quarters. I 
don't expect any significant increase in cost. Margins, as indicated, we are looking at the asset 
mix and looking at a better net interest margin in subsequent quarters. So, it will be able to pass 
off whatever additional cost will be there. So, I don't expect any significant increase in the cost 
of liability. 
Bunty Chawla: 
So, can we say 8.3% could be sustainable for next two quarters? 
Parag Sharma: 
Yes, until and unless there is some market event, some regulatory changes, I don't expect cost 
to go up. It should be in the same lines, flattish only. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is, are you seeing any impact on the asset quality? As sir said 
about the rains we are seeing some flooding in a few of the states. So, any negative impact on 
the 
asset 
quality 
front 
because 
of 
that 
reason? 
 
Umesh Revankar: 
If you look at the Monsoon season, every year, there will be some geography, which will be 
flooded, and some geography where the rain is deficient. Both will be there. So, if we average 
this out across, I don't see any reason to be alarmed at this stage. And the loss of property or the 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
discomfort on transportation has not been seen anywhere. We have not got any report on such 
big instances. So, I don't really see any challenge. Some of the, you would have seen some either 
video clipping or maybe news where larger cities like Delhi or maybe Hyderabad are flooded, 
and that doesn't impact overall business or transportation. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. Sir, thank you. Thank you, very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Uday Pai from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Uday Pai: 
Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted the disbursement number for the quarter.  
Moderator: 
Uday please use the handset. Your voice is echoing. 
Uday Pai: 
Hello, is it clear now?  
S. Sunder: 
Disbursement for the quarter is INR30,454 crores. 
Y S Chakravarti: 
Your voice is totally garbled.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh from Flute Aura. Please go ahead. 
Harsh: 
Hello, sir. You have given us the guidance for cost-to-income ratio already and a steady state 
margin, you would be maintaining around 27%, 28%. But when I see the breakup of other costs, 
the opex cost and the employee expenses, they are somewhat like fluctuating in every quarter. 
So, can you also provide some guidance on these cost numbers? 
S. Sunder: 
In the current quarter, the employee cost has gone up by INR100 crores, subsequently close to 
INR790 crores, primarily because of the revision that we did for the employees. And there was 
a rationalization of salary across both the companies at certain levels, and that has impacted the 
staff cost. And this will continue because it's a permanent increase and hence, this trend should 
continue for the future also. 
And coming to the other point that you have raised regarding the other operating expenses, it is 
more or less similar to the previous quarter, except that previous quarter, we had taken a onetime 
or rather hit of INR302 crores on account of the impairment of intangibles, which was for the 
entire year. And current quarter, we have taken INR75 crores, which is for a single quarter. 
 
Harsh: 
Okay, sir. And in terms of steady-state basis going forward, as you mentioned, the cost would 
continue on that level. So, what would be your expectation in terms of ROE? What percentage 
are we targeting? 
S. Sunder: 
See ROE should be anywhere between 15% to 16% for the entire year, yes, full year.  
Moderator:  
Sir you are not audible. Can you please use the handset?  
Harsh: 
I was asking for midterm ROE, what those targets are we looking at? 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, we are aiming at 16% ROE at the end of the year. So, midterm we cannot say, but that's the 
target we have kept ourselves. 
Harsh: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandrasekhar Sridhar from Fidelity 
International. Please go ahead. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Question for Mr. Chakravarti, sir where are we adding all of these employees?  The employee 
count is up pretty substantially. Just maybe could you spend some time on that. And during the 
merger, we had announced that with the salary rationalization between SCUF and Shriram 
Transport was a INR68 crores difference. I mean I'm looking at the numbers now, it seems that 
just salary rationalization looks to be a very large number. 
So, maybe just if you could help me on that. And a couple of questions for Mr. Sunder. One is -
- so the tax rate now is started the issues. I mean we work with like a 25% tax rate. And second 
is just from the annual report, all along the investment in subsidiary, which is largely in Shriram 
Housing was carried at about 650 sort of odd crores. I see this quarter that, and in your published 
numbers, it's gone up to INR1,500 crores, so investments in subsidiaries. So, maybe just help 
me understand what's resulting in the increase in the investment in subsidiaries? 
S. Sunder: 
Yes. The investment in subsidiary, which has been quoted at INR1,500 crores is on account of 
the fair valuation, which we had done at the time of merger. Hence, the INR1,500 crores have 
been arrived. And coming to the staff cost, what we had earlier guided of around INR60 crores, 
INR 65 crores. But this INR100 crores hit also includes the normal increment to all the 
employees which is done on a yearly basis. Added to that, there has been an increase of around 
INR2,000-odd employees in the previous quarter as well as in the current quarter. And that also 
has an impact on the staff cost.  
And the other question was ? Where are you adding the -- ?  
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
So all the employees are basically --The rationalization all has happened only in this quarter? 
S. Sunder:  
Correct 
Y S Chakravarti:  
Along with the increment exercise, we did the rationalization exercise Chandra. And these 
employees are getting added mostly in the erstwhile commercial vehicle branches where we are 
introducing gold loans, two-wheeler loans and SME loans. So, it's almost across the country, not 
specific to a geography. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
My understanding was there are only 100 Shriram Transport branches or something, which are 
on the ground floor. So, there was limited capability to add people for gold loan. 
Y S Chakravarti: 
No, not 100. I mean ground floor and first floor are okay. So, we have added, as of yesterday, 
we have added 498 commercial vehicle branches to gold loan.  
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
So, what's the total number of branches where you're doing gold loans now? 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Y S Chakravarti:  
So, this is 498 of commercial vehicle and close to about 1,000.  
S. Sunder:  
So, it should be 1,500 you can take. 1,500 combined 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Okay. Sorry on the tax rate? 
S. Sunder:  
Tax rate will continue at 25%. 
Chandrasekhar Sridhar: 
Okay. Fine, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. And congrats on the good quarter. The LCR is around 200%. 
Is this a desirable level? Or how does it move going forward? 
Parag Sharma: 
No. Okay. So regulatory requirement, what you’re saying is right, it's much lower. But since we 
always used to maintain higher liquidity, the LCR is looking at 200-odd percent. But desirable 
level, I think, one, we will continue to maintain the liquidity of three months repayment that 
we're not going to dilute. But based on the larger overall size, it can be in the region of 150 to 
200, but it will definitely be much, much above than the regulatory requirement of 100%. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Fair enough. That is helpful. Secondly, on this whole product-wise provisioning, would you 
want to keep a higher stage-3 coverage on the personal loan as a product? I see it is at 47% right 
now? 
S. Sunder: 
Yes. The provision is done on ECL methodology. And we go based on whatever comes out for 
based on the last five years' data. And as of now, it is at 47%. Rightly said yes, because the other 
areas it is -- But we will bring it above 50% maybe in the next couple of quarters. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Okay. Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Cao Sichan from Counsel 
Sichan: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just coming back to cost of fund again, so, you we're saying that 
going forward, expect some cost of fund increase but not material. So, should we expect the 
quarterly cost of fund increase to be smaller than what we have seen in this quarter or -- and is 
it the right way to understand it? 
Parag Sharma: 
Yes. So we don't expect the cost of fund to go up. We should be able to maintain the cost of the 
book at the current level, that is what we are indicating. The incremental cost of fund is definitely 
not up. So, that is the reason which gives us confidence that the overall cost should not go up 
any further. But even if it's closer -- it will be very, very marginal. 
Sichan: 
So, our debt book is entirely almost all re-priced already by now. 
Parag Sharma: 
Yes. Correct. 
Sichan: 
Okay. Got it. Thanks so much. That's all from me. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Oberoi from YES Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajeev: 
Yes, sir. Hi, this is Rajeev here. Sir, just one question on value growth in vehicle finance both 
in CV financing, and your PV financing. So, we have seen significant value growth in the last 
two years. How much do you see value growth helping us in AUM growth in the current year? 
Umesh Revankar: 
See, the value growth now will be a little lower year-on-year. So, whatever increase was there 
because moving from BS4 to BS6, there was a technology upgradation and value growth was 
there. And even this year, what happened is there was BS6 2.0. That's some more increased 
emission norms that also helped the vehicle prices to go up by around 3%. So, last three years, 
there is a continuous value growth and it may be slowing down from the next year. So, therefore, 
the ticket size may not be growing at the same level. But the number of vehicles probably will 
go up as we get into deeper pockets. So, it should be able to overall maintain what has been 
given the guidance of 12% growth in the CV portfolio. 
Rajeev: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Punit from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Punit: 
Yes. Just wanted one thing. You said that your cost of funds was up 7 bps and the yields declined 
8 bps, right? If I'm right, could you – or was the number different? 
S. Sunder: 
Yes, the cost of fund increased by 7 basis points and yields came down by 8 basis points. 
Punit: 
Okay. 8 bps. So that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Gaurav Sharma from HSBC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Yes. Sir just a small data keeping question. Can you please provide the segmental breakup of 
disbursement in Q1? 
S. Sunder: 
we will give you offline. You can contact Mundra. He’ll help you out. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
Okay, sure. Thank you that’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Jain from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Jain: 
Yes, hi sir, thanks for taking my question. Sir just wanted to know your thoughts on the MSME 
and the two-wheeler segment. How was it growing? Any challenges you see in terms of asset 
quality or the pain is behind and how do you see the growth panning in these two segments, sir? 
Y S Chakravarti: 
So, I don't see any worry about asset quality. In fact, honestly, I think we are seeing one of the 
best periods for me, actually, one of the best periods of asset quality in both the segments. As 
far as business growth is concerned, two-wheeler, we expect a growth of about, the OEMs are 
expecting a growth of anywhere between 10% to 12% this year. So, and if it grows at 10% to 
12%, we are sure that our portfolio will grow upwards of 15% plus. 

 
 
Shriram Finance Limited
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
In fact, after a long, long time, we have crossed the disbursement of more than 103,000 two-
wheelers in the month of June. So, it looks like good. There is also, I mean, the known fact is 
that there is also a clear competition in the market. I mean in the two-wheeler space. So, let us 
see how it goes. But we are confident that on the growth of both MSME and two-wheeler. 
Amit Jain: 
Sure, sir. This is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to Mr. Umesh Revankar for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Umesh Revankar: 
Thank you all for joining the call. As some of you – and it’s one of the good quarter, especially 
in the first quarter, which is a little challenging, is a good quarter for us, and the indication of 
the growth is the indication for the full year. And as we discussed, we'll definitely work on 
improving the margins. And we will come out with better numbers coming quarters. Thank you. 
Good day or good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Shriram Finance Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
