 
 
 
                                                                                                                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 8, 2023 
 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 524558 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: NEULANDLAB; Series: EQ 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on August 3, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, conducted on August 3, 2023. Also please note that 
this transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website. 
 
The weblink to access it: 
https://www.neulandlabs.com/investors/investor-updates/announcements/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neuland Laboratories Limited 
 
 
Sarada Bhamidipati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
SARADA 
BHAMIDIPATI
Digitally signed by 
SARADA BHAMIDIPATI 
Date: 2023.08.08 19:16:58 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
“Neuland Laboratories Limited 
Q1 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 03, 2023 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUCHETH DAVULURI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NEULAND LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. SAHARSH DAVULURI – VICE CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – NEULAND LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NEULAND LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. SAJEEV EMMANUEL MEDIKONDA – HEAD - 
CORPORATE PLANNING AND STRATEGY – NEULAND 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST & YOUNG 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Neuland Laboratories Limited Q1FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from EY. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you, Carol. Good evening, friends. We welcome you to the Q1FY24 Earnings 
Conference call of Neuland Laboratories Limited. To take us through the results and to 
answer your questions, we have with us today the top management from Neuland 
Laboratories Limited, represented by Mr. Sucheth Davuluri, Vice Chairman and CEO, Mr. 
Saharsh Davuluri, Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Abhijit Majumdar, CFO, and 
Mr. Sajeev Emmanuel Medikonda, Head Corporate Planning and Strategy. We will start the 
call with a brief overview of the financials by Mr. Abhijit Majumdar and then Saharsh will 
give you broad highlights of the business trends and what he is observing in the market. And 
post this, we'll open the call for the Q&A session. 
 
As usual the standard safe harbor clause applies as we start the call. With that said I now hand 
over the floor to Abhijit. Over to you Abhijit 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Thank you very much Ravi and a very good evening and warm welcome to each of you all 
for joining our Q1 FY24 call. My apologies for the delay. There were some challenges with 
technology, I think, so that's been sorted out. I'll briefly talk about the financials now. The 
total income for this quarter was INR365 crores, as against INR221.7 in the previous 
Q1FY23, an increase of 64.7%. This was largely driven by growth in the specialties and the 
CMS segment. In comparison, our revenues for Q4FY23 was INR415.1 crores. Our EBITDA 
for the quarter stands at INR99.3 crores with an EBITDA margin of 27.2%, an increase of 
14,410 bps over Q1FY23. 
 
The increase in EBITDA margins has been due to a better business mix, combined with an 
operating leverage as well as some easing in input prices. This is in comparison to an EBITDA 
of INR127.8 crores and an EBITDA margin of 30.8% in Q4FY23. I'd like to state that the 
overall operating environment continues to be uncertain. However, we have seen some 
favorable movement in terms of input cost over the last sequentially for the past three quarters. 
Our focus on execution excellence and managing costs has enabled us to manage our 
profitability. 
 
And as we have consistently said in our previous earning calls, we would request you to 
measure our performance over a longer time horizon, as our revenues and EBITDA margins 
will fluctuate on a quarter-to-quarter basis based on mix, and which is obviously dependent 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
on order flow and project execution. Now coming to specifics, our gross margin was 55.2% 
in Q1FY24, compared to 53.6% in Q1FY23, and 54.1% in Q423. This gross margin, as 
always, includes the manufacturing and other costs directly attributable to the product. The 
profit after tax was INR62.2 crores as compared to INR9.8 crores in Q1FY23. This quarter's 
EPS is at INR48.5 per share. We generated a free cash flow for Q1FY24 of INR40.7 crores. 
We utilized part of this cash surplus to bring our working capital debt to zero and repay 
INR8.6 crores of our term loans. 
 
Consequently, our net debt position stands at INR24.4 crores. We also reduced our working 
capital cycles to 118 days in FY24 as compared to 141 days in Q4FY23. We continue to 
invest in upgrading our facilities and have invested INR11.7 crores in capex during this 
period. I'd like to add that we continue to be mindful of balancing growth with profitability 
by having continuous focus on cost optimization and an efficient operation. At the same time, 
focus on cash. 
 
Our focus on cash will position us to make capital investment should such opportunities arise 
over the short or medium term. With that, I would like to hand over the call to Saharsh for his 
remarks. Once again, thank you very much. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Thank you, Abhijit. Hi, good evening, everyone. And again, my sincere apologies for the 
delay in starting the call. I will add a few comments on top of what Abhijit has said, and then 
we can open up for Q&A. We have stated in the past that Neuland is transitioning from a 
model that was predominantly composed of prime APIs into a model which has greater 
emphasis on speciality GDS business and CMS business. This quarter also represents that 
gradual shift that we have been envisioning for quite some time. Also, the growth and the 
evolving business mix has started to see a significant improvement in operating leverage.  
 
And while there would be variability on a quarter-to-quarter basis, I would like to say that the 
progress we see is sustainable. The momentum of the CMS business continues to be strong 
as new molecules transitioning into commercialization have contributed well. As we have 
mentioned in the past, we have a healthy pipeline of new chemical entity APIs, which are 
showing promise. Two APIs have become commercial in the recent past, and we expect two 
more to commercialize in the next 12 to 18 months. 
 
Each molecule has a different business characteristic to it. Therefore, we must continue to 
expect lumpiness on how this business evolves. Also, we are seeing significant number of 
requests from companies who would like to onboard Neuland as a partner in the drug 
development process. This is an indication of Neuland's reputation as an established CDMO. 
 
At the same time, I would like you to note that at a macroeconomic level, there has been an 
impact on the funding of molecules early in the clinical pipeline, as well as programs where 
the data has been weak. While this doesn't impact our immediate business outlook, it could 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
have a bearing on our plans of creating a steady flow of new molecules to our CMS pipeline. 
On the GDS side, the specialty business segment saw good growth led by Palipridone, 
Apixaban, and Ezetimibe, which again  point to an improvement in the business mix. 
 
Prime also saw some growth arising from Mirtazapine and Labetalol. Again, the environment 
is uncertain from a generics perspective, and certain prime products like Levetiracetam 
continue to face competition from multiple suppliers and low prices. At the same time, the 
value of working with a pure play API company with our track record is being recognized by 
players across the industry, including Indian formulators, with focus on regulated markets. 
 
In other updates, I would like to recall that during Q1FY24, we had a successful USFDA 
audit of Unit 3, as well as an audit of Unit 1 by EDQF. We are observing a shift towards high 
margin business, which has been our stated objective. However, we continue to be mindful 
of any future negative effects that the business mix, product mix, raw material prices, or forex 
could have on these margins. And we would like all of you to be cognizant of this. 
 
In terms of overall business, we have a healthy pipeline in the medium to long term, and we 
are optimistic about our prospects. As always, I would like to reiterate that the business will 
remain uneven on a quarterly basis, and therefore it's better to look at our business over a 
longer frame of time. At Neuland, we always keep our customer at the forefront of what we 
do. In line with the same, we will continue to invest in our operations in terms of establishing 
new capacities as well as adding new capabilities. 
 
This will be done to achieve our stated objective of furthering our leadership position in key 
molecules, as well as being the partner of choice for new molecules for both existing as well 
as potential customers. With that said, I would now request Ravi to open up the floor for 
Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Yes, thank you. To begin with, I must acknowledge the brilliant scale-up and execution in the 
CDMO segment as well as even better balance sheet and free cash generation. So overall, 
great achievement. First question I have is one of the things I have noted about Neuland is 
that you have embraced many failures along the way and that's normal in any business that's 
rapidly transforming and we know that innovators can pull the plug on their projects anytime. 
 
And see, scale up always can throw unexpected negative surprises. So all those risks are very 
well documented. What I'm interested to know today is about your learning from those past 
failures. So that's my first question. And my second question is from our latest annual report, 
page 41, it says, and I quote, the nation's API capacity or nation's API supplier rather, is 
expected to treble over the next three years. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
So how does Neuland capacity expansion plan fit into this bigger national picture, given the 
lean balance sheet that we have and the solid cash flows that we have now? Thank you. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Thanks for that, Sajal. I think in terms of the lessons learned and an experience over the years, 
I think from time to time, we've shared that on these calls as well as our annual reports, from 
Chairman, from Harsh, from myself in the Q&A. So I think everything that we've talked about 
comprehensively captures all that, but notwithstanding that, I think a couple of things which 
are important from our investors' point of view is that I think from an overall capex point of 
view, we have some internal metrics and policies that really guide what kind of capex we 
approve, what should be the payback period, what's the minimum IRR for our capital 
expenditure, how we source our materials from, where do we source them from, and the 
minimum safety stocks that we need to maintain. 
 
I think connected to your second point in terms of our capex and tripling our capacity, as you 
know, the core of our strategy has always been over the years, and I think Harsh alluded to 
this in his opening comments, is that our goal is to continue to focus on higher margin, higher 
profit specialty APIs without losing focus on our primary APIs as well as our CDMO 
business. 
 
So that using the same asset while improving the quality of the infrastructure, we're able to 
constantly improve our margins without taking a significant amount of debt or risk. So 
therefore going forward, we will stick to that core strategy, and the focus on building our 
business. Obviously, the lessons learned are many, but we don't have as much time to 
elaborate on all of them, but appreciate your question. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from Meet Katrodiya from Niveshaay Investment Advisory. Meet 
your line is unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Good evening sir and congratulations team for the good set of numbers. My first question is, 
I asked this question in the AGM also but I need some more insight on that. So my question 
is that we have mentioned in our annual report about commercializing of two new molecules 
in coming years. So if you cannot provide the market size, then it will be helpful if you throw 
some light on its therapeutic segment, how much amount of quantity we are supplying right 
now, and when we can expect to get it commercialized? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, thanks for the question. I think the molecules that have been commercialized, the market 
size for these molecules, I think it's difficult for us to give a specific number. However, I think 
just to help you understand it better. I think what you could look at is that the growth that we 
have seen in our business, I think, you know, we were INR150 crores, INR200 crores kind of 
a CMS business. I think if you see the last couple of quarters, I think the trajectory has 
improved significantly. 
 
 And a big part of that growth is coming from these molecules. So I think it's safe to conclude 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
that these two molecules have a much higher market potential than the molecules we've had 
traditionally in our CMS pipeline. But how big they could be is something that we would not 
be able to quantify because these molecules are still in the early stage of launch. Maybe we 
may be able to answer this question, say two, three years from now. But having said that, I 
think with regards to the indications, we again, I think, you know, we continue to have these 
conversations with our CMS customers and we've been, you know, advised to keep the 
information very, very confidential. 
 
And therefore, you know, we're not really even comfortable disclosing therapeutic area 
because, again, it could potentially lead to more follow-up questions about these molecules. 
So what is important is that these molecules are early in their phases of launch. They have an 
exciting 5, 7, 10-year kind of a runway in front of them under patent exclusivity. And we are 
still seeing very early stages of the growth. And that's reflected in our numbers. So this is 
probably what I would limit the response to. And perhaps you will be able to understand it 
more as the future quarters come by. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Okay, thanks. Next question is, Q1 was quite surprising on the margin side of Y-o-Y because 
it is a high share of CMS business, right? So will we be able to see this kind of revenue sharing 
upcoming three quarters? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think you should probably look at the business over a longer frame of time. And I think 
what, as I had mentioned in the opening remarks, I think the performance of the recent 
quarters is a sustainable performance. But at the same time, it's difficult to quantify whether 
it will be replicated in specific quarters or not. So I think if you look at, the last six quarters, 
you will clearly see how the CMS business is trending, how the GDS business is trending. 
 
I think that's the visibility that we can give you, and we can tell you that that business or 
whatever trend you're seeing is a sustainable trend. But we would not be able to elaborate on 
how the specific quarters would pan out. I think that's something that, again, because of the 
uncertainty of the business, we would restrict our response. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Okay, sir. And the last question is also, sir, we have mentioned in that Indian API, in annual 
report, that Indian API companies are facing tough competition from the Europe companies 
so we may also face the same. My question is we have competitive capabilities in terms of 
gas prices, lower labor costs and more economic stability so how these European companies 
are able to give us tough competitions? 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
No, I think it's a good question, Meet. The only response we would give is that a lot of the 
business that we get from our customers is based on the technical capabilities that we bring 
to the table, our understanding of the customer need and the experience that we've developed 
over the years, both in the generic API business, which includes prime specialty, as well as 
the CDMO business, and what those needs of those customers are. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
 We as an organization don't typically compete on cost or because of the physical or 
geographical location of Neuland as well as its facilities. Therefore, I think today most of the 
business that we're getting is repeat business from our existing customers as well as new 
customers who've heard about us from the market as well as our existing customer base and 
that will be the business model going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Carnelian Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. I have two 
questions. So one was you mentioned that we are receiving significant number of requests 
from companies across to partner with Neuland. So if you could help, one is obviously the 
capability that we as a company have been building up. 
 
But other than that, it is because the scale that we have achieved or what exactly has led to or 
you know, they want to diversify from other countries and therefore, if you could help 
understand the nature and how meaningful it could be in the next two, three years for Neuland 
as a company when it comes to scaling up? That was the first question. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Can you ask the second question as well? 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, the second question was more from, the kind of capacity utilization level that we have 
now, considering the business visibility we have, if you could help understand and the Capex 
plan that we have for this particular financial year? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Okay, thanks. I think with regards to the first question, I think when we work with innovator 
companies for the CMS business, one of the things that we recognize is that we are able to 
help them take their drug through an NDA approval and help them launch a new drug. It's our 
ability to partner with them starting from say an IND stage, take them through Phase 1, Phase 
2, Phase 3, and then help them launch the molecule and then stay with them as a commercial 
supplier. Crudely speaking, this is the capability that we bring in. 
 
Now, how are we different from our competitors or what is the factor that drives customers 
to us? I think it's slowly emerging as our track record of how many NDAs we have filed over 
the last several years, how many situations are there where we have come in as a second 
source and embraced an existing process? How many situations where we've started at an 
I&D level and helped craft a scalable process of a complex NCE? 
 
I think it's largely this track record of having worked with customers that has really created 
that vindication that I had referred to in the opening remarks. I think it's the number of projects 
that we have completed and also the innovator community, the CMC community is a finite 
community, whether they are mostly in the biotech space in the U.S. or big pharma or even 
in Europe. Good word spreads very quickly. So when you end up doing a project for a 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
particular company, then either the word spreads around and therefore that has also been very 
helpful. 
 
I would say that the China Plus One has, seems like it will help us because there is a clear 
messaging from innovators that they don't want China and they want an Indian CDMO so 
maybe you know compared to earlier we are getting more requests because of the China Plus 
One but that is not still reflected in our current performance because I think that may reflect 
more in the future performance. But I think I go back to the points which it had mentioned 
earlier to the gentlemen. I think we are not necessarily competing with local players or 
specific companies in the CMS business. 
 
I think it's a very large space. I'm told it's a hundred billion dollar plus space. Even the largest 
players may not be more than $1 billion or $2 billion in revenue when it comes to complex 
small molecules. So the space is really big. And we are essentially just trying to find the best 
fits for our capabilities, which is small to mid-volume kind of complex APIs. And I think one 
thing that we are very proud of in Neuland is that our focus. 
 
We are not going after any other spaces. We want to stay focused on complex APIs, both for 
generics as well as CMS. We are not going after, let's say, animal health or crop sciences or 
other spaces, which in our view could become a distraction and not necessarily a good fit for 
the kind of infrastructure and capabilities that we have. So I think that's how I would look at 
it. I think with regards to the second question, the capex, Abhijit, do you want to answer that? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Yes. So on capex, as we said today, we have three units, two units are at around 90 percent 
plus capacity utilization. The third, which is the new one, is at around 60 percent. We need to 
be mindful of the fact that our facilities are multifunctional. So that means they can make 
different APIs should some volumes drop off for a particular molecule. The second is that, 
we also have the ability to expand in our third unit should we have underlining contracts 
coming up. That's the second point. 
 
The third point is as far as our capex is concerned, as we had alluded to in our previous calls, 
we are spending close to INR100 crores every year or we are budgeting for it and that's what 
we are doing to keep on upgrading our facility, making the necessary tweaks so that, we are 
able to meet the customer expectations. 
 
So currently our visibility is that, as and when we see opportunities, would we look at a fourth 
plant, but currently or expanding our current facility unit three, but that's not on the anvil till 
we have something. We'll certainly come back to you, but right now we are optimized and 
we are able to meet the customer requirements at least as we see it for this year and for next 
year. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Maulik from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Maulik: 
Hi, sir. Good evening and thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted one understanding. So 
in terms of our segmental revenue break-up, for Q1FY23, the revenue from CMS was 
approximately 31%, and for Q1FY24, it is 44%. So, our CMS revenues have increased, but 
the gross margin has not increased. It is flat on a year-on-year comparison. So, just wanted to 
understand one thing. If the margins are similar to other segments or how is it? Can you throw 
some light on it, please? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
So, I'll kind of explain that. You're right in saying that the CMS, the revenue growth is 
significantly higher than GDS. We need to be mindful of one point, that as we commercialize, 
our margins, prices deplete, because that's the nature of the game. Up to validation stage, the 
prices could be USD100, and after that it would drop. 
 
And so we would have a drop in margins, so they won't kind of get reflected in your, as you 
have alluded to, in your Q1FY24 numbers. Butat an overall mixed level, we have a blended 
margin, which is around that 54%, 55%. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
And maybe, if I can just add to what Abhijit said, one is because these molecules and the 
business itself is lumpy, comparing quarter-to-quarter, like a quarter one year ago, the mix 
may be completely different. That's also something to take into consideration, other than the 
fact that as the business scales up, it's also natural to expect that, because of economies of 
scale, etcetera, there will be, some reduction in prices, which could have an impact. 
Maulik: 
Okay. Understood. So just to clarify, in the Q1FY23, so maybe these product mix would have 
been different as compared to the Q1FY24 and that is the reason why, there would have been 
a margin differentiation. Is my understanding correct? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, the mix could have been completely different. I don't have the exact numbers here with 
me, but the mix would have been different. And also the scale of the business as it's ramping 
up, logically at a broad level, the margin will have an impact because of that, lower prices. 
Maulik: 
Okay, thank you so much, sir. I'll get back in the queue, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. So you had mentioned that, our 
capacities are multifunctional. So just wanted to understand if, are they fungible across, our 
API and CDMO products? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, all our capacities that we are creating are multi-products. So they would be fungible not 
just within a segment, but across segments. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And we have a lot of opportunity in our CMS business and it tends to be non-linear. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
So if we were to expand our unit three, how long would it take to get that expansion done? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Expansions, you have to look at it in two scales, Anirudh. Within the existing facilities, 
particularly unit three, we can create capacity, which will be, maybe relatively shorter, 12 
months to 15 months. You can create significant capacity, but that would be finite, right? And 
then, there's the higher level of capacity creation would be to, creating a unit four, which 
would be our fourth manufacturing site that would obviously have larger headroom, but that 
would obviously take a longer period. 
 
And again, depending on the way, we would go about it, Greenfield, Brownfield, etcetera, 
again, the timelines would depend on that. I think for us, it's a constantly reviewing process 
because what we're trying to balance is, the needs of our customers, both existing and new, 
over the next two-three years, how we can service them from our existing facilities, balancing 
that with the needs of the customers beyond a three-year, four-year time frame. 
 
And then trying to figure out, what kind of capacity we have to create and then trying to 
optimize the decision-making based on what kind of you know investments it would require. 
So it's kind of an on-going process and right now, we feel comfortable that we have sufficient 
capacities for the next couple of years.  
Anirudh Shetty: 
Correct. And you mentioned that, the intention is to stay focused and you don't do agro and 
animal health for that reason, but just one pushback, there is assuming that, you'll have a 
certain chemistry skillset that can be used to, for into these categories and why wouldn't you 
all want to consider if, then the opportunities come your way, what would, how do you all 
see this as a distraction or different from our existing, pharma CDMO business? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
See, I think one is, Neuland, if you look at our operations and the scales at which we operate. 
We make a lot of molecules, which are in the 5 metric tons, 10 metric tons per year kind of 
capacity. So, if you look at our plants, we don't have a lot of 20,000 litre, 15,000 litre reactors. 
 
We end up having a lot of 5,000 litre reactors, with a lot of complex instrumentation to control 
reactions and things like that. So one, our setup is more suitable for human health, where the 
volume of the products are in the 10 metric ton to 50 metric ton range, we will have outliers 
as well. 
 
Second of all, we definitely keep an open mind in terms of when it comes to chemistry, you're 
absolutely right, we are a chemistry-based organization at the end of it. But while we are open 
to it, we don't see a lot of great fits in that area. And pursuing opportunities in that area would 
most likely require us to significantly tweak our infrastructure. And this is something that, we 
have observed. We have looked at the market. 
 
We have tried to understand certain chemistry areas that we are strong in, whether they're 
applications and agrochem, we've talked to companies in the past, Japanese companies who 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
have shown interest in these areas. But it all comes down to not having a ready fit of 
infrastructure. 
 
And then there are elements which, the dynamics of which we are not very clear about, 
Anirudh. So for example, the kind of stickiness that those businesses would have. These are 
the strengths that, we bring, which is GMP, a lot of precision in our controls and process 
chemistry. 
 
We are not seeing a clear evidence of these attributes actually mattering to those kind of 
customers and that translating into stickiness of business because at the end of the day, we 
don't want to get into businesses where, we could be very easily pitted against competitors 
getting into price situations and that's what creates a little bit of this thing. Sucheth, you want 
to add something? 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
No, just to add to that, for our customers, we provide a lot more than just chemistry. As 
Saharsh was saying, we bring project management, our GMP track record, being able to scale 
up technology, because all these pharmaceutical goals for human consumption, and therefore 
requires an extremely focused and a consistent mindset, when it comes to quality as well as 
regulatory affairs. 
 
And that is something that, we've developed over decades of experience. And therefore, 
coming back to your question, we see enough opportunity that Saharsh made a comment that, 
our market is expected to be in the vicinity of USD100 billion. So for us, it's a very simple 
equation is that, when the market is big enough and we've spent close to four decades building 
expertise, why would we look elsewhere unless we've become so big that the market is not 
sufficient for us anymore? That's the bottom line.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika group. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
Yes. Congratulations on great set of numbers. So my first question is actually that, earlier you 
were talking about repeat businesses. So I wanted to know that in a CDMO business, we are 
currently molecule specific and even getting repeat businesses from existing companies. My 
question is that, going ahead in the future, do we intend on setting up a dedicated capex for 
our customers in a more SPV kind of business model or anything else that would actually 
reduce the lumpiness of the business? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Two things. One is the need of the customer determines whether we will, what kind of 
dedication, we will have on the infrastructure side. Typically, our strategy has been to build 
multi-product facilities, and we would produce anywhere from three to five APIs in one 
facility. And that gives us the flexibility to, manage different molecules growing at unknown 
growth rates. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
But having said that, when a specific molecule tends to do well and there is an increasing 
demand and it's very evident in terms of supply agreement and visibility from rolling plan 
forecasts and things like that, then what would naturally happen, and we are seeing that also 
happen, is that certain production areas get more and more dedicated towards one product. 
That's not a challenge for us, and we are opportunistic that way. 
 
When we see a customer with a clear surge in demand, we are happy to allocate certain 
infrastructure to them. Other than that, for us, that's something that again we are open to, 
right? Because as Sucheth and I explained, our strategy is very clear. 
 
We want to grow the complex APIs, both for GDS and CMS. And as we are engaging with 
more and more customers, both on the generic and innovative side, and we are seeing a critical 
mass of the business, there are varied level of engagement requests coming from customers. 
There are some customers, who might want a dedicated production block and they are willing 
to enter into certain agreements that might give us that kind of assurance, especially if we 
have to make those investments. 
 
But for us, the broader point is, we want to create capacity ahead of time, but we want to 
create capacity when it is, when the customer is actually willing to partner with us and show 
us that demand. What we would not likely do is create capacity and then look for customers.  
 
We might create small scale capacity like pilot plans or R&D infrastructure, but our business 
is evolving to a level, where we won't be creating huge production capacities and then look 
for customers for it. We will create capacity on the back of a customer demand. So that's 
something that will be the way forward.  
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Yes, so very nicely said, Saharsh. Kind of just adding, that's what I kind of said, we need to 
be mindful of balancing growth with profitability, right? Because it doesn't make sense 
making capital investments and then, kind of figuring it out, figuring out how to fill it up as 
some of the Indian companies have chosen to do. We need to balance it. And that's why we 
are mindful on cash as well as return on capital employed, growth and profitability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay from Ampersand. Please go ahead.  
Sanjay: 
Hi, sir. Questions that I want to ask, one is that is there any kind of benefit that can come to 
you from this discussion of drug shortage in USA? 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Not really, Sanjay. the drug shortage in the US is specific to products. That means it happens 
either because of a quality issue or a regulatory action or someone's kind of stop 
manufacturing of that product. We've not seen happen to that for other products, but for our 
products that we already manufacture, we've seen the benefit where if one ANDA has been 
exited from the market, then we're able to quickly fill in that gap, gain that market share and 
maintain that market share. But currently, on the list of drug shortages, I think we have a 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
pretty good market share and the business is growing, so we don't see any specific 
opportunities as of now. 
Sanjay: 
Understood. And the second question is that I see your part of the CMS business, the 
development part of the revenue has come down sharply on a quarter-on-quarter basis from 
some INR90 crores to INR55 crores. Is there any kind of read-through there? And at the same 
time, the commercial part of it is steadily growing. And is that where you talked about this 
pricing pressure that comes because it is getting commercialized? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think if you take the development revenues, Sanjay, and the commercial revenues, I think 
maybe it's better to chart it back, say, six quarters to eight quarters and see how the fluctuation 
is. Because a quarter-to-quarter may not really give us any kind of a tangible trend. But if you 
look at how the development revenue has tracked over the last six quarters to eight quarters, 
how the commercial revenue has tracked over the six quarters to eight quarters, then you'll 
get a better understanding. 
 
Broadly what we can tell you is that development revenues will be very lumpy, it will be like 
some validation campaign or like a scale-up campaign and when that campaign is over it may 
contribute to some revenue. Commercial revenue tends to be a little relatively less lumpy but 
again, every quarter will be different. So, I think, you might have certain quarters where 
development revenues may be even close to zero, or may only be INR5 crores- INR10 crores, 
and then the next quarter, it might just spike up. I think we still have a pipeline of healthy 
molecules, which will go through development, so there's no concern.  
Sanjay: 
If I can just ask there was a massive surge in your development revenue in Q4FY23, as well 
as compared to the standard average run rate, this quarter has been pretty strong. So, is there 
some kind of a time lag one can think of in terms of translating to it in the commercial part 
of it kind of going up? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, I think that's a very important question. And I think, one of the comments I made in my 
opening remarks of the call is that every molecule has a very different characteristic. There 
are certain molecules which will take maybe two years or three years pause between 
development and commercialization. We have also seen molecules which have translated 
from development to commercial within one quarter. It really depends on the characteristic 
of the molecule. 
 
It depends on things like are we the first source, are we the second source, is the drug already 
commercial by the time Neuland is getting into the project, or is the drug still in phase 2? So 
I think it's really difficult to put some sort of a guiding principle over here, and I think that's 
why it's difficult for us to be able to analyze it for you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of MK Reddy from MR Investment, please go 
ahead. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
MK Reddy: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is regarding the business model, sir. We 
have been participating from preclinical phase to commercial scale manufacturing. When I 
compare with our competitors like Divis labs, they don't participate in preclinical phases. So, 
my question is regarding the attractiveness of participating in preclinical phases in the view 
of few reasons. First one is it consumes a lot of working capital. Second point is there is a lot 
of contingency whether these preclinical molecules will translate into clinical phase or not. 
Just want to know what is attractiveness so forth For Neuland to participate in this preclinical 
analysis.  
S E Medikonda: 
If we were to answer this question, means your question. If I were to rephrase it, is that the 
business model when it comes to participating or when looking at the preclinical projects and 
if we were to look at our model overall, we are most of our success and most of the projects 
that we have been focusing on from a business development point of view historically has 
been projects in phase 2 and phase 3 and later and even but we also have been with on the 
chemistry side worked with companies where we have been part of the ANDA filing too. 
 
So even though, we have certain pre-clinical molecules showing as part of the table, most of 
the work there is not medicinal chemistry, but rather it is work towards the ANDA filing. So, 
I think that is more in line with our capability. So therefore, ours is not a very FTE-based 
model, but rather it is more around the being able to take the product, say, from the ANDA 
filing on the way to commercialization, and that is the reason why our customers come to us, 
and that's the way that our business is built. I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav from RakSan Investors. Please go ahead. 
Keshav: 
Hi, sir, when peptides such as Semaglutide and Liraglutide start flowing into our GDS 
portfolio, where the innovator molecule is RDNA-based which is further chemically modified 
and in comparison, we have a completely synthetic approach. So from cost point of view, are 
we fairly confident we will be competitive at scale? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes Keshan I think it's the fact is that know, the recombinant process of the innovator is 
difficult to replicate. And I think most of the generics are looking at a synthetic process, which 
is what we are looking at as well. I think, our process is fairly competitive. I think we use a 
hybrid technology. I believe we also may be having some IP around it. I think it's still a little 
difficult and early to talk about the economics, the commercials of it, because I think when 
you start off the development of a complex generic like this, your costs will be high, and it 
will be very difficult to figure out how viable it will be. 
 
If it's a more simpler small molecule, then I think those discussions will be there. I think for 
us, the focus is not so much on liraglutide. I think we are working on semaglutide, but we're 
also working on a couple of other peptides. Difelikefalin is another one, and Tirzepatide, 
which is also the Lilly metabolic drug. So, all these are complex peptides, and I think the 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
approach would be to first develop a robust, scalable process. 
 
I think the economics don't tend to be a nattering factor early on in the development, but I 
think we will have to cross that point. And at this moment, we still don't know. So we'll have 
to wait and watch. But there's a lot of active discussions with generic companies for these 
products as well. But it's still a little too early to comment on the economics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Ahuja, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Ahuja: 
So, my question is on the GDS segment. In our annual report, we have mentioned that we are 
going to file around six year DMF in the GDS segment for the next few years. So, can you 
brief us about that, like what proportionate or percentage of that are going into the specialty 
segment? Because Neuland is now positioning itself from a commodity to complex API and 
intermediate play. So can you touch upon that? 
 
And my second question, you have already answered. I want to know about the peptides, like 
when you are filing for a DMF in the like semaglutide, and we are building this molecule 
from last many years. So brief us about the peptides, what's on the development? Are we 
getting any traction in this? So these are my two questions. 
S E Medikonda: 
So thanks for your questions, Rohit. I think when it comes to the portfolio that we have for 
our GDS business, as we have been saying in the past, it is focused almost totally on 
speciality. And we also are looking not just at speciality, but also looking to differentiate our 
pipeline on the basis of technology. So even if there is a molecule which probably would not 
be perceived as say a speciality molecule, but if there is value that the customer would be 
getting in terms of technology or in terms of supply reliability by Neuland having that 
molecule in our portfolio. Those are the kind of molecules that we would choose for our 
portfolio. And those are the kind of products that are there in the pipeline, which our 
customers can look at, and which is there both at trade shows, and it's also available on our 
website. 
 
Now, coming to the question of peptides. I think, as Saharsh has answered, we are working 
closely with the customers who are interested in filing ANDAs for peptides and also looking 
at other markets too. But I think this is not just an investment from our side, but also from the 
perspective of the customer too. So those are conversations which are ongoing and we'll 
probably be able to comment on them at a later date. I mean, I hope that answers your 
question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Gupta from Pranav LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranav Gupta: 
So, I can see that there's a drop of two commercial molecules as compared to the data which 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
was shared in the quarter 4 results. So could you please elaborate on that? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, the so basically what we do as a hygiene process is we keep looking at the molecules 
that we have in our pipeline and if they're molecules that have not been contributing, then we 
also kind of reduce them. So there's been a reduction of two because there's one API and 
intermediate that we were supplying up until a couple of years ago to a European innovator. 
This was one of our first CMS molecules. It had contributed significantly for the first several 
years, but hasn't been in the last two years, so we've actually dropped that molecule and its 
corresponding intermediate from the pipeline. So, therefore, there has been a reduction of 
two. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Rao from Trianz. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Rao: 
I have a different hypothetical scenario. Say, suppose your capacities are maxed out and given 
your capacities are fungible, right? And say that you have orders above what you can serve, 
basically. So how would you tackle such a scenario? I just wanted to know, would it be basis, 
sheer margins of margin opportunity, or would you also see a planned relationship and then 
you're given that, say, it's a critical client, but it's a low margin product. So just wanted to 
know how would you tackle such a situation? 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
So typically, the way we do our planning, Abhishek, is that we'll project all our products into 
the future, both on the GDS side and the CDMO side. We also have allocated capacity for 
products that will get scaled up from R&D. So when we project our volumes, we already have 
our cost, we have our input cost, we have our operating cost, and that gives us a pretty good 
idea of what the margins will look like, what do the costs look like, and we see that there are 
any yellow flags, then we do have programs internally to continuously work on the lifecycle 
management of some of these products, or to take steps to reduce the cost to make sure that 
the product is profitable.  
 
So, this is a continuous process, and coming back specifically to your question, our strategy 
is to make sure that we never actually run out of capacity. So, when we're able to project 
capacity into the future, we also make sure that we initiate adding of capacity well in time so 
that when the volumes grow, we have adequate capacity. That's the same reason that we 
bought Unit 3 and integrated it into the organization to make sure we have capacity on time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Kumar, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Ajay Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Actually, looking at last three quarters numbers, it seems that one 
or two molecules of CMS pipeline has started contributing significantly. Is that interpretation 
right?  
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes. 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Ajay Kumar: 
Okay then what about the about the lumpiness of the subject molecules, provided that some 
of the molecules stay lumpy for over a period of three years?  
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Yes, one, we cannot reveal the names of those specific CMS molecules unless they are already 
in the public domain. From your observations that they've contributed significantly to our 
current performance and therefore how will the performance be in the future. I think we 
expect a consistent performance. However, exactly what will happen, we are not in a position 
to comment. But given where we are today, we expect that performance to continue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead.  
Nirali Shah: 
Yes, so I need to add that the emerging biopharma funding landscape hasn't fully recovered 
yet. So, even though there have been decent numbers of FDA approvals, what are your 
experiences like on the ground and to mitigate this, will we be able to break ground into any 
Big Pharma yet?  
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think the funding itself has been slow for the past several months. I think even starting from 
that JP Morgan healthcare conferences, there's been a certain dark cloud over biotech funding. 
And that's something that we have seen typically in the past also happen, where there'll be a 
period of maybe 9 months to a year where biotechs will struggle to raise funds. So, this will 
not necessarily be a long-term concern. But while the concern, while there is this kind of a 
drought period, what typically happens is that projects which we expect to start do not start. 
 
And the management of these biotech companies kind of go into a little bit of a short 
hibernation. We don't see it as a long-term issue. I think it's something that could, possibly 
change in the next 6 months to 9 months, but we'll have to wait and see and that's the caution 
that was added in the remarks. I think with regards to the Big Pharma business, I think for us, 
we definitely would like to increase our portfolio of projects with Big Pharma. Right now, 
we do work for Big Pharma, but it's more in specialized chemistry areas like peptides, 
etcetera, where they don't have other preferred suppliers who bring in that capabilities. 
 
But what we also see is that there is towards building the Big Pharma business as well, 
because we work with a lot of biotech companies and we are seeing a lot of either licensing 
deals, acquisition deals happening between Big Pharma and biotech. And as a result, now we 
are quite familiar working with Big Pharma and that's also helped us build relationships with 
Big Pharma, which perhaps we were not able to do 5 years or 10 years ago. So, yes, I think 
we will continue to focus on that. And while we continue to build business with biotech, I 
think we will also actively pursue relationships with Big pharma. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from Omkara Capital. Please go 
ahead.  

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Rikin Shah: 
Hi, so it would really help if you could explain the opportunity in Apixaban given the demand 
for anticoagulants has shot up post-COVID and this molecule has been going becoming 
genericize in many geographies. So, how do we look at this?  
S E Medikonda: 
So I think, Rikin, when it comes to Apixaban, I think it is a molecule which is continuing to 
grow and is getting genericized in certain markets in Europe and also in other rest of the world 
markets. But the timeline for it becoming generic say in the North America in the U.S as well 
as say in Japan is still say a few years away. So, I think what we are seeing currently is 
customers who are looking to file in Europe or who are launching in Europe or in certain 
cases have already started doing business in Europe. 
 
And if you look at the product, it is already a product which is likely to be in multiples of tens 
of tons kind of thing. But considering the dosage and all those parameters, it’s going to be a 
very large volume product and once the product goes generic, we may see even the value of 
it going down. But currently the product is contributing significantly and we have got the 
right set of customers for it to contribute to our specialty business for some time now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, the next question is from the line of Mk Reddy from MR Investment. Please go 
ahead.  
Mk Reddy: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My question is regarding this working cap intensity. So for 
FY23 our working capital as a percentage of sales is around 38% and we are receiving a lot 
of advances also. If I adjust the advances it was at 27%. just a comment on this advances 
because these are huge amount. For FY23 we have advances around INR 130 crores and for 
FY22 previous year it is around INR600 crores. So, are customers funding our working 
capital? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
So, on working capital, we have placed that around 110 days of revenue. I believe that moving 
forward, we would try to kind of keep to those levels. That's point number one.  
Sucheth Davuluri: 
So, I think in addition to what Abhijit is saying, I think the advances and all that we receive 
from our customers is part of our business. Therefore, we expect that to continue. So, I mean, 
we do expect the working capital to grow as the business grows, but we don't expect any 
major shifts.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav from RakSan Investors. Please go 
ahead.  
Keshav: 
Hi sir, the employer benefit expenses have seen a 20% quarter-on-quarter uptick. So, could 
you help rationalize the reason for that?  
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Yes, thank you. So, if you look at your right, that it's gone up on a Q1FY24 versus Q1FY23 
the increase is 24%. That's because of two reasons. One is, we had the increment cycle and 

Neuland Laboratories Limited 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
our headcount also moved up. We had a headcount of 1,600 odd and that's gone up closer to 
1,700. And so that's kind of driven the increase in the employee expenses.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference back to the management for their closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you all.  
S E Medikonda: 
Thank you. I want to thank you all once again for joining the call and for your interest. I once 
again apologize for the delay due to the technical hiccups at the beginning. We had some very 
good questions which help us think and I hope our answers have given significant insight into 
our business. Even as we have like to have answered every question on time, our time on the 
call is limited. However, we'd welcome your questions offline. Please reach out to Ravi and 
we would like to answer them to the extent possible. Once again, we thank you for your time 
and look forward to our next interaction.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Neuland Laboratories, we conclude today's conference. 
Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
