 
 
          GEL/SEC/2023-24/40 
 
          August 16, 2023                                                                      
 
                    
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY'24 earnings conference call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q1 FY'24 
earnings conference call held on August 08, 2023. The Transcript is also available on the 
Company’s website at https://www.gokaldasexports.com/investors/.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
 
Gourish Hegde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code - 532630 
   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
   The Exchange Plaza 
   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
   Mumbai – 400 051 
   Scrip Code: GOKEX 
GOURISH 
GANAPATI 
HEGDE
Digitally signed by 
GOURISH GANAPATI 
HEGDE 
Date: 2023.08.16 
21:48:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Gokaldas Exports Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIVARAMAKRISHNAN G. – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – GOKALDAS EXPORTS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. A. SATHYAMURTHY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GOKALDAS EXPORTS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BINAY SARDA – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, greetings, and welcome to the Gokaldas Exports Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participant are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-
and-answer session will follow formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance 
during the conference, please press star and zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Binay Sarda from Ernst & Young. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good evening to all the participants on this call. Before we proceed to the 
call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may 
involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be viewed in 
conjunction with our business risks that could cause future result performance or achievement 
to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
Please note that we have mailed the results and the presentation and the same are available on 
the company's website. In case if you have not received the same, you can write to us, and we'll 
be happy to send the same over to you. 
 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the top management of 
Gokaldas Exports Limited, represented by Mr. Sivaramakrishnan Ganapathi, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; and Mr. Sathyamurthy, Chief Financial Officer. We'll start the call with a 
brief overview of the quarter 1 passed and then conduct Q&A session. 
 
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Siva. Over to you, sir. 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Thank you, Binay. Good afternoon, everyone. Happy to have you at our earnings call for the 
first quarter of FY '24. Global retail offtake has been slow, resulting in overall imports of major 
consuming markets like the U.S., U.K. and EU, declining significantly in this period, primarily 
owing to inventory overhang with the customers. Apparel import data shows a Y-o-Y decline 
for April and May 2023 of 26% for U.S. and 20% for U.K. and Europe put together. Weak retail 
demand in autumn winter '22 due to inflationary trends, high interest rates and a mild winter 
contributed to excess inventory impacting offtake for this year. 
 
Major brands are consciously liquidating excess inventory holdings and controlling their 
purchases. We continue to anticipate the demand to be sluggish for H1 FY’24 with momentum 
picking up subsequently. Our performance endorses the belief in our ability to sustain continued 
operating performance gains in a sluggish macroeconomic environment. A quick analysis of our 
revenue indicates that we continue to gain market share by building on our execution strength. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 3 of 19 
 
On the cost front, an increase in minimum wage and dearness allowance of factory work 
employees resulted in an impact of about 2% to the operating margin. With an extraordinary 
focus on operations excellence, we offset the additional cost through productivity improvements, 
generating an operating margin of 13% in Q1 FY ‘24 versus 12.1% in Q1 FY ‘23. We continue 
our trajectory of strong cash generation. 
Our net cash stands at INR433 crores. We continue to invest in the business, incurring a capital 
expenditure of INR43 crores during the quarter, securing a healthy base for the growth of the 
company. Tight management of the business helped the company unlock working capital, 
though a part of the reduction is also due to reduced business volumes. 
Our ROCE continues to remain high at 23.5%. The long-term prospect for the industry remain 
strong with the continuing shift of global sourcing away from China, supplier consolidation 
towards efficient and well-capitalized players and supply side instabilities in several countries. 
Favourable currency, PLI, FTAs with key markets should drive the company to a strong future. 
The India-U.K. FTA negotiations have made good progress. 
India is also negotiating FTA with Canada and EU. All of these moves has the potential to open 
up large markets for preferential trade. Our new manufacturing unit in Madhya Pradesh started 
commercial production, and we expect the production to ramp up in the next 9 months. The 
project work at our fabric processing unit in Tamil Nadu is in advanced stages. We are also 
progressing well on onboarding new customers. We continue to closely monitor macroeconomic 
risks and take measures focusing on customer relations and service excellence. 
While the global economy is anaemic, the good news is that it can only get better. We are 
optimistic about revival of the business in H2 and are bullish on the long-term prospects of the 
company. We are committed to gaining market share and preparing ourselves for business 
growth when market conditions turn more favourable. Our capacity addition is in line with this. 
As an organization, we are future-ready. 
 
I thank you for listening, and we'll be happy to address questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
comes from the line of Gunjan Kabra with Niveshaay. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Okay. So I wanted to understand that it's very good to see that the team and you and the team 
has been able to post steady numbers quarter-on-quarter, considering a very, very slow business 
environment in domestic and export market. So what strategy are we following? Are the two 
new customers that we added in the last quarter from the U.S. and the U.K. has started to 
contribute or have we increased our wallet share in the existing customer in the current quarter? 
Or are we looking forward to onboard any new customers as well which you initially were 
aiming for? So how is it? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So the customers that we've onboarded, they will start ramping up shortly, and these relations 
take a while to mature. So the initial interaction from them seems to be good and we hope that 
we will grow fast with them. So, so far, so good as far as the new customers are concerned, the 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 4 of 19 
 
relationship is going very well. The relationship with the existing customers are also good. For 
the moment, if I look at Q-on-Q, linear Q-on-Q, we haven't grown much. It's been fairly flattish. 
 
So we have maintained most of the customer relationships, maintained the revenue from the 
respective customers. We intend to grow, particularly in the second half of the financial year 
with some of these customers. And we are reasonably confident that, that will happen based on 
all the discussions that we are having with the customers. So all of that is happening. We are 
also in advanced discussions with several more customers. So some of those will take time to 
mature, but I believe that all that will happen in this financial year. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, like right now, we are in August, which is almost end of H1, so about to 
get over now. So how are we seeing the demand scenario like -- is it on track with what you 
were anticipating since last few quarters that H2 FY '24 will be much better than H1 FY '24. So 
what are your customers guiding now in terms of demand orders and inventory and how you and 
the team is planning to take on this demand revival be more aggressive or slowly ramp up the 
new capacity or how are you taking this scenario as a strategy going forward? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Sure. So, we are in a fashion business, and customers placed orders closer to date. So at the 
moment, we are looking at third quarter bookings and we are very encouraged by the discussions 
that we are having with the customers and the orders that we are booking with the customers. 
So clearly, we are seeing a very good traction in the third quarter so far, and we hope to keep up 
that momentum. Customers are coming and placing orders closer to date unlike the past. 
 
So they're waiting till the last moment and placing orders, thereby, they are minimizing their risk 
of calling out on certain styles and orders well in advance. But we are seeing a fairly good 
traction for the third quarter. And I think that momentum will be maintained or we can further 
build upon it for the fourth quarter. So when I look at the third quarter and compare it with the 
third quarter of previous year, we will see a reasonably good growth. As of now, that's the 
trajectory that we are on. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Okay. Sir, gross margins have improved to 50% this quarter. So do you think this is -- we'll be 
able to stress it for the next few quarters as well or you anticipate it to normalize with 46%, 47% 
or something? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So, one of the reasons is that the raw material costs have slightly decreased. So that has helped 
us from a gross margin perspective. We've also had a minor shift in the product mix, particularly 
in the Q1. So that also helps. So from a very high outerwear, we have slightly increased the share 
of fashion wear and casual wear. 
 
So that minor change has also partially contributed to the lower raw material costs and hence 
offered a little higher gross margin. So by and large, for the year, I am anticipating that the 
trajectory will remain more or less more or less a little better than last year. I would think that it 
will be 0.5% or 1% better than last year as far as the gross margins are concerned. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Okay. Sir just last question. If you can tell what volumes have we done in the current quarter of 
the total 36 million  production capacity that we have. Of that, how much we have done in this 
quarter and the previous quarter Q-o-Q basis? 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
One moment. 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
One moment. In the current quarter, we have sold 5.62 million pieces. In the previous quarter, 
we have done 7 million pieces. As we have explained earlier, the pieces is not a right comparison 
because it again depends upon the product category we deal with. So in the quarter 4, it used to 
be mostly casual wear. And so the numbers, it was 7 million vis-a-vis in terms of this quarter at  
5.62 million., More or less, the capacity utilization has been in the same line, but because of the 
product mix, the pieces are less in the current quarter. 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So, in the first quarter, we do a lot more outerwear and hence, the number of pieces will be low, 
but the complexity of the pieces are high. The standard minutes taken for garment is much 
higher. So from an efforts perspective, it will be more or less the same. That's why the revenue 
is also similar Q-on-Q. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Sir. And Q1 FY '23, what was the number? 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
In Q1 -- it was 6.66 million pieces. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Atul Mehra with Motilal Oswal Asset Management. 
Atul Mehra: 
So, just a couple of questions. Firstly, I think like you mentioned in your commentary and the 
presentation, the bottoming out process will really begin from Q3. So Q2 also we would expect 
a little bit of a decline in business versus Q2 last year sir? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
That is correct. 
Atul Mehra: 
Right. Sure, sir. And secondly, in terms of doing the cash balance that we're sitting on a more 
medium to long-term outlook for the company, any further finalization of capex either 
Bangladesh or any other business projects that we have in our mind. So maybe if you could 
elaborate more, sir, on the medium to long-term capex outlook on the company? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Sure. So we're working  on some of the capexes. So we are at the moment, we will be building 
out our second factory in Madhya Pradesh. The work is continuing in the fabric mills in Tamil 
Nadu, which we are setting up for our knit division. So that's continuing. The Bangladesh unit, 
we deliberately put on a slower track or on hold to wait for the demand revival. And once that 
happens, we will start. So more likely, we will revisit that in the second half of this financial 
year when the business prospects are much better. 
 
In the meanwhile, we are open to all other strategic options from foreign investment, so whether 
it is capex or some new product types or whatever else that we deem fit. So we are exploring 
several opportunities. It's too premature at this stage to -- because we haven't finalized anything. 
But we definitely intend to deploy some of these capital for growth purposes. 
And if we start seeing market traction starting second half of this year, and if we anticipate that 
the next financial year is going to be strong, then we will have to time it also accordingly. So 
definitely, we will work on some of those areas. We have some plans, but none of them are at a 
stage where we are ready to implement. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Atul Mehra: 
Right. And sir, one final question in terms of because we have significant capacity expansions 
coming on stream for the next 12 to 24 months. In terms of conversations with potential new 
clients, how do they typically work because maybe some of them want your capacity to come 
on stream to commit large orders for you. So can you maybe spend a little bit of time explaining 
how this is really working? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So, usually, for the new capacity, some of the existing customers who will take it up. The newer 
customers would want an older mature factory that they feel a little more comfortable with. 
When they start a new relationship, they don't want a new relationship and a new factory. So 
that becomes too much of a complexity for a new customer. Having said that, whenever we plan 
a capacity, we have reasonably good indications from our existing customers that they will tend 
to utilize it and then only bring the capacities on stream. So that's how we plan. 
 
Some of the relationships that we are, we have onboarded now over some of the customers that 
we are talking to, they are all very large customers with a good potential for future growth. And 
that's a large part of that will happen when the market traction also improves for the end user 
demand goes up and they come in rows to buy. But these guys have a fairly good, solid potential 
to buy a lot more. So that gives me the confidence that whatever moves that we have made will 
augur well for us strongly in the future. And the capacities that we are planning will get utilized 
as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kapil Jagasia with Nuvama Wealth Research. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Sir, what was the quantum of wage hike in Karnataka? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
There were two components to it. One was minimum wage went up, that went up somewhere 
towards the end of January. And then the dearness allowance went up from April -- by April 
2023. So if I put both together and compare it to, say, the December wages, it has gone up by 
about 9%. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Okay. And is this rate hike over or will it flow through to next quarter too? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
No, no, now it's over. so the minimum wage usually is for 3 years or sometimes even longer. 
And the dearness allowance happens every year, which is CPI-linked -- inflation linked. So the 
next dearness allowance increase will happen next April, which will not be very big, will be 3%, 
4%. And minimum wage, which goes up in a chunk, that we hope that we will not see for another 
3 years. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Okay. So reported employee expenses for coming quarters would be in INR140 crores, INR150 
crores range because in this quarter, it is INR160 crores also this new plant has come up. So how 
do we pencil in? 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
The employee cost currently, what we have indicated, is going to be in this range because as we 
ramp up the capacity, we have also increased the headcount. So that –we are ready to handle 
with the volume increase in the quarters ahead.  

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So, the employee cost has gone up for a few reasons: One, if you look at Q-over-Q, that is Q1 
over Q4, we have -- in the fourth quarter, we had excess provision, which we took off. This was 
due to some gratuity related provisions. We had made -- we had overprovided for in the quarters 
ahead, that's why we had to pay a lot less in the fourth quarter. So that impact was about 2% of 
the revenue again. So if you look at between Q4 and Q1, my employee cost as a percentage of 
revenue has gone up from 26% to 30.7%. So that's about around 5% increase. 
 
So 1.3% is due to the baseline effect in in Q4 due to the gratuity-related provisioning. 1.5% - 
2% is due to increase in wages that minimum wage that went up. And about 15% is because of 
headcount increases. So what we had done till date was we allowed natural attrition to play. And 
as the revenues were not so forthcoming, we allowed the attrition to play and let the headcount 
slide down. 
Now that we are seeing some traction ahead, we have started recruiting labor. So we have taken 
up the labor count , we have started taking up the manpower in the factories, which is also 
resulting in a higher employee costs. This will continue in the second quarter and ahead as well. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Sure, sir. This helps. My next question is on the margin front. Now for this quarter, the reported 
EBITDA margins are around 12%. And as H2 would be better, how much improvement can be 
seen in this fiscal year? Would 13% margins be a fair assumption? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So the margin is a function of several things. Margin is a function of what kind of pricing we 
get. Margin is a function of what is the raw material costs that we incur and also a function of 
what are the wage, right? So wage cost has had a deleterious impact on our margins, but we are 
offsetting it with better productivity. 
I don't believe the material costs will go up significantly. So it will remain more or less in line 
with where we are at the moment. Pricing also, we don't anticipate much of a change. So our Q1 
margins, whatever we say, I think, can be a reasonable representation for the year's margin at 
the moment. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Okay. But usually H2 being more of outerwear sales the margins would be slightly higher or am 
I mistaken -- 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So historically, we have seen,  it's not because of outerwear. H2 because it's more cotton based 
and the spring summer wear, and we use a lot of Indian fabric, we do tend to get some advantage. 
So there's a possibility that in H2, we usually have some upside in margins that we get. I'm just 
being cautious because we don't know how the market conditions are, what is the demand supply 
situation globally, etcetera, though we are getting good traction. 
 
I'm not going to go out on a limb and claim that the global market conditions are in a great 
situation. Gokaldas is getting a fairly good traction from its customers. I don't know how much 
of pricing power we will regain in the second half of the year. Usually, we do. Usually, we will 
have a little better cost benefit. So your point is correct. We can try to get a better -- slightly 
better margin in the second half, but we will have to actually see how it plays out going forward. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Sure, sir. And my final question -- 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
We will make every attempt to grow our margins. So we are extremely margin focused, and we 
spare no effort to take up our margins if we can. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
Great sir. And my final question is on the average realization. Considering 5.6 million volume 
for this quarter, the realization comes to around 915 or so. So for the entire year in FY '23, we 
did around 744. So like how the realizations would pan out for the rest of the year? I'm a bit 
confused on this aspect. 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Good question. Realization per piece falls in the second half of the year. That's because we do a 
lot more casual wear, fashion wear, other products. H1, we do a lot of outerwear. And the 
realization per garment will always be higher because it's a far more complex and larger garment. 
So by the time we finish the year, we will average out to what you saw in the last year. 
 
More of an outerwear jacket, the cold winter jacket that you wear, whereas in H2, we will do a 
lot of spring wear with a light ladies' top and those kind of things. The pricing is very, very 
different, right, pricing per garment. So it gets averaged out and reduces by the time the year 
goes through. 
Kapil Jagasia: 
So Q1 is more of outerwear. Q2 would be a combination of outerwear and casual wear also? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
No. See Q1 we do autumn wear, Q2 we do winter wear. Q1 and Q2 is more of this outerwear. 
And in the third and fourth quarter, we do spring and summer wear. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani with Monarch AIF. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
I just wanted to understand the facets of buying, for example, customer comes to us with the 
order. So how the cycle works? So we directly buy the fabric immediately or we buy the fabric 
when we actually need to dispatch the product? For example, if the customer gets an orders over 
a period say 6 months. So we deliver the product every month or we deliver the product at one 
time for all the quantity? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Okay. So whenever a customer comes to us with an order, they come and ask us for a quotation. 
And they give all the technical specs of the garment that we have to manufacture. Once they 
give that, we do the costing for it. We estimate the amount of fabric that is required amount of 
various trims, button places, etcetera, that are required. We get the quotations from our suppliers 
against all of these and then bake that into the pricing, and then we quote to our customers. 
 
Once we receive the order from the customer, we go back to back and secure the same pricing 
which we got from our fabric supplier and the trims supplier. So we lock that in, so that we don't 
have any variability in raw materials from the time we costed it to the time we took the order. 
And then the timeframe is also very short. We contractually we bind our suppliers also to it. 
So that way, we protect ourselves from cost variances between the order negotiation stages and 
the order getting placed to us. As far as the order delivery is concerned, it depends. Smaller 
deliveries are one lot, but if there is a much bigger order, then they will have multiple delivery 
drops which we will do on a month on basis based on the date that they give us. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So just discussing further on the same point. For example, if a customer comes to us and gives 
us the order like after 3 months, like the order has to be executed after 3 months but he has given 
us the purchase on the confirmation. So we go and buy all the fabric on all the components that 
are required today only. Is that understanding correct? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
No. So we place the order for the fabric today and the fabric people also take their time. So we 
give them the time indication, etcetera, when we want the fabric in. But we tend to lock the 
pricing as of today because the cost of the fabric, etcetera, also depends on what is the cost of 
cotton and the underlying commodities, etcetera, right? So we tend to lock-in the raw materials 
when we get the orders, and we tend to take delivery of raw material closer to when we actually 
want it in our factories. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. So we actually buy the raw material when the actual production is supposed to happen. 
But before that, we book the prices so that we do not face raw material -- the movement in the 
prices of raw materials? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Correct. Correct. We don't expose ourselves to volatility as a business rule. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So is that the reason in last few years, the number of inventory days is coming down? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So we try to work very, very hard to minimize the inventory. We have gotten significantly better 
at managing it, buying closer and closer to date, managing a very tight operation. So this is one 
reason. The inventory may go up as the business volumes return. So at the moment compared 
to, say, last year, our business volumes are slightly low. 
So the inventory is also a function of business volume. So from the third quarter, I'm anticipating 
that our inventory will start growing in line with the revenue. But whatever efficiencies we have 
brought in into our operations, that will remain. But the number of inventory days may slightly 
go up. We are at a really unrealistic level at the moment. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So what is the guidance on the inventory days for FY '24 or '25? 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
It is around 60 days, –inventory alone is around 60 days. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Okay. And second question, regarding the Bangladesh currently, we have put on hold the plant 
because of the lukewarm demand. But if we -- the moment the demand picks up, do we have 
any strategy what we -- are we going to buy the plant there or setting up -- set up the things or 
we buy some plant which is already running and we just catch up the plant or we'll just take over 
the plant. What is the strategy on the Bangladesh side? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So at the moment, we have identified a plant, which is under receivership. So we've identified 
that. We have not taken over the plant, but we have identified it. We know as and when the 
timing is right, we will go ahead and execute but for now, we have put it on hold. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
So that plant is already running, it will be just a change of the management? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
No, no, it has gone into receivership, so banks own it. At the moment, it's not running. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Jatin Chawla with RTL Investments. 
Jatin Chawla: 
I have two questions. First question is, sir, I mean, we would assume that Gokaldas would be 
really doing much better than smaller mom-and-pop kind of shops in textile exports. Now when 
I look at your growth right now for the last 3 quarters versus the growth of apparel exports from 
India, the outperformance of Gokaldas is only 3% to 4%. 
So despite being organized, despite being well capitalized and offering such a wide variety of 
apparel, do you think that is the right and that is the kind of outperformance vis-a-vis export 
market we should expect going forward? Or the last 3 quarters have been slightly on the lower 
side and probably we should see Gokaldas Exports growth significantly outperforming that of 
India? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
See, we are also very margin conscious. If I want growth in top line, I can deliver growth. At a 
price, there's always business available. We are very, very conscious and clear in our strategy 
that we will not pick up business at rock bottom prices. Even today, in the first quarter, in the 
fourth quarter, in the third quarter, even in the second quarter, we have walked away from 
business, which we believe are very, very sharply priced. In a market where demand is far lower 
than supply or capacity, there is always bargain hunting that happens. It's a buyers' market. 
 
We don't want to compromise our margins or signal to the market that we are willing to take up 
business at low price, which is also one of the reasons why we are not only prioritizing growth. 
So when it comes to our growth, we are still performing well above the import that is happening 
in the primary market. For example, the drop in imports is to the tune of 26% in the U.S. market, 
which is our primary market. 
 
If you look at India's exports, that also is lower than our exports. So we have outperformed the 
industry at an overall basis, but we are also conscious not to drop our margins and just drive top 
line growth. If I wanted it, I could have outperformed even more. But then that's not the point 
that we want to achieve. I don't want to dilute my EBITDA margin. More or less, I don't want 
to signal to my customers that I'm willing to operate at very low pricing as well. 
Jatin Chawla: 
So sir, when do you -- I mean, is this scenario likely to change your probably there are so many 
players in the industry that they would be always happy doing business at lower margin. And 
thereby -- 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
When the demand picks up, it will change. So it's only a current situation that we see at the 
moment. When we -- this is a peculiar situation where particularly in the U.S. market, where 
they have excess inventory. And because of the excess inventory, they are buying less. Secondly, 
many of the brands have took a decision that they'll buy closer to date. They want to wait and 
watch, play their strategies closer to their chest, etcetera. So that also resulted in them buying a 
lot less and postponing their buying, thereby resulting in a missed  season from a buying 
perspective. 
 
Having said all of this, as the inventory is being paired down and the retail end user demand has 
not really gone down that much. If you look at the U.S. retail sales or European retail sales, Y-
o-Y it is slightly positive. So the inventory position will turn pretty quickly, they will come to 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 11 of 19 
 
buy and the demand supply balance will get restored. So that's what we are hoping in the quarters 
ahead, which will then restore the demand-supply balance and the pricing balance. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, second question is we don't know when -- whether there will be a recession or 
when it will be. So at the point of time, recession was supposed to be in 2022, then in '23, now 
people are talking over in '24. But finally, is there a -- see, if I look at the entire market of around 
US$ 100 billion of exports to -- or imports by U.S. and look at our size, it's very small, India 
size also is very small.  
So let's assume that if the U.S. economy does not improve and U.S. market remains in a weak 
spot for a while. In that scenario, do you think that at some point of time, there could be 
meaningful market share gains, which can drive the growth or probably the meaningful growth 
is only possible only once the market stabilizes. So what would be your take on that? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
See, whenever demand falls by 26% -- 25%-30%, it is not possible that there will be certain 
vendors who will grow. Everybody will take some haircut. The better vendors will take lower 
haircut, the weaker vendors will take 50%, 60% cut in their business as well. Some will be 
removed from the supply chain also. 
So when the growth comes back, that is when there will be a disproportionate growth, which 
will happen to the better players or players who have seen only a smaller drop in share. So people 
like us who have seen a lower drop in our buy compared to the rest of the industry, we will stand 
a better chance as the market gets restored. That's how it works. 
Jatin Chawla: 
So I mean -- but for the jump in revenue growth, I mean, you would need market to really come 
back in a reasonably good way. 
Jatin Chawla: 
That is correct. As you know, who wants to cut a few suppliers and then overindulge in a few 
suppliers. It doesn't work like that. So the market situation has to turn, which I believe will turn 
soon, and that will result in the disproportionate impact coming to play. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Sorry, if I just -- if I'm allowed to ask one more question. So what you are saying is that you are 
kind of being very clear on pricing, and that is the reason why you're compromising on growth 
or compromising on business. And as and when things turn better, so I would presume that 
pricing for the industry will improve. But since you are already, I mean, not getting into price 
war or probably reducing prices, maybe your pricing will remain relatively stable even then. 
So when industry margins will improve, of course, when industry margins are lower, your 
margins -- you have been able to preserve margins. But when industry margins improve, your 
margins should remain in the similar range. We should not see any benefit on account of overall 
industry pricing improving, would that be correct? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So margins are also a function of how you drive your productivity, how you -- and there are 
several factors, right, how you buy your raw materials, etcetera. So if you -- if some of those 
advantages you can lock in, you may be able to. Similarly growth, when you have growth, 
operating leverage kicks in, right? My overall margin and my factory EBITDA margins are 
different. So if I have higher revenue, the incremental revenue may be coming in at an 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 12 of 19 
 
incrementally higher EBITDA margin. So when we start growing, we will also get those benefits 
come in. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Congratulations again for a great performance. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Amruta with Wealth Managers India Private Limited. 
Amruta: 
I have two questions. First is regarding the capacity addition that we are doing. So how 
significant is it in terms of number of pieces? 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
The new capacity is added in Bhopal. The factory commenced its commercial production during 
the month of June, and it is in the process of stabilizing the production. The revenue, which has 
come from this factory during the quarter is very, very less. It's about less than INR1 crores in 
the month of June. However, they are in the process of ramping up. In terms of the number of 
pieces it is less than 2 lakh pieces/month at this point of time. Regarding the potential revenue 
increase, it can add to the revenue and when it comes in a steady state, up to INR150 crores in a 
year. 
Amruta: 
This is regarding the Bhopal Unit. What about the Tamil Nadu unit? 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
The Tamil Nadu unit is the fabric processing unit. The fabric processing unit will commence 
with production I mean trial production during the Q3 of this year and will be ready for a 
commercial production by the end of this financial year. In a steady state, that can also add up 
the revenue once it is fully operational and in a full conversion to the end garment basis, it should 
add at least about INR350 crores to the top line. 
Amruta: 
Just one confirmation, the Bhopal unit you said INR150 crores that is for unit 1, right? So unit 
2 will be additional. 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
Unit 2 will be additional, correct. 
Amruta: 
My second question is regarding our global competitors. As in, with our clients, like who do we 
compete against in terms of, say, wallets share and how big are the global competitors? 
Sivaramakrishnasn G.: 
So there are very large global competitors. They are billion-dollar players globally. There are 
large players in Bangladesh, there are large players in China. There are large players in Vietnam. 
So in India, we compete with the likes of Shahi, which are in to wovens, we compete with several 
other players, but Shahi will be a big competitor for us. Likewise, globally, there are players in 
Bangladesh, Vietnam, China with whom we compete. There are a lot of Korean players who 
operate out of China and Vietnam with whom we compete as well. 
Amruta: 
So size wise, like what would be the differential? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So there are players all the way from US$150 million to US$1 billion, US$1.5 billion as well in 
the market. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vikas Jain with Equirus. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Vikas Jain: 
Yes, sir. So my first question is more of a with respect to a longer-term view and our strategy 
out. So while I compare the CAGR from '19 to '23, our sales volume has grown by around 4% 
to 5% CAGR, whereas our ASPs have grown by around 13% CAGR. So can we fairly say that 
our strategy will be majorly towards improving the realizations or moving more and more 
towards the premiumizing the products where our focus would less be in terms of achieving 
volume growth? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So I think the ASP growth will peak at a certain point in time. We are already near the peak. So 
incrementally, if you look -- if I take a longer-term view, right, that's what you mentioned at the 
start. If you look at a 5-year view, a larger proportion of the growth will come from volume 
growth going forward. 
Vikas Jain: 
Understood. Understood. Whereas the realizations, again, will broadly be at a similar level or 
marginally improving, right? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Correct. Correct. We won't have the scope to dramatically increase that because we have -- 
whatever increases we have driven, a large proportion of that we have already got. 
Vikas Jain: 
Sure. Sure. And again, similar with the longer-term horizon only, where do you see our EBITDA 
margins probably 3 to 5 years down the line. Of course, we have taken a lot of initiatives where 
we have streamlined our operations. We have brought in more and more efficiencies into 
production and all other things. But do you see a similar kind of an expansion that we saw in 
like last 3 to 4 years -- 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
In a longer timeframe, I see a 1.5% improvement possibility in our EBITDA margin. 
Vikas Jain: 
Understood. Understood. And sir, with respect to installed capacities, so just one sense, what 
was our realization for this quarter? I missed that point. 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
This quarter it's INR840. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Chinmay Kabra with Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Chinmay Kabra: 
Just wanted to know that Q1 has been a little soft. And I just wanted a little bit of number's 
perspective in terms of the entire year FY '24, if you could maybe give a guidance in term of 
revenue or the EBITDA margins, which we are planning to maintain? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
So we don't give guidance as a matter of principle. And we are in a market where the economics 
are as it is very difficult to predict. At the moment, we feel confident that we will see a strong 
growth in the second half of the year based on the conversations that we are having with the 
customers based on the macroeconomics that we are reading, but there are all kinds of events 
that may happen. You are as good in guessing how or in predicting the macroeconomic 
environment. 
So at this point, I don't want to specifically indicate the revenue that we will go. As far as margins 
are concerned, we will try to protect it at these levels. Our endeavour will be to do that. As far 
as revenue is concerned, we will try to see we meet the last year's revenue. Our aim will always 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 14 of 19 
 
be to grow. We are very growth oriented in that sense, but at the moment, it's hard to predict 
anything. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pulkit Singhal with Dalmus Capital Management. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers in trying times. First question is just trying to understand 
what percentage of this quarter's revenues are driven by orders that are placed during the quarter 
versus before the quarter begins? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
All the revenue will be based on orders placed before. We do not get orders in the quarter. We 
normally get some orders slightly before the start of the quarter, that is inseason orders or 
something like that. But usually, all the orders are locked when the quarter starts. So the lead 
times of raw material purchase, etcetera, it takes a month, 1.5 month. So it will be very, very 
tiny proportionate. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Right. So I'm just trying to figure out that statement which you made that I mean, most people 
are placing orders end moment, how do we evaluate that from -- before the downturn started to 
now in terms of how that is happening in terms of numbers like they used to face -- 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
For example, if it was the past, now my third quarter orders would have been completely booked. 
It would have been locked seal by now. And the middle of August, at the moment or well into 
August, and we should have had this in place. However, we believe that for us to close the third 
quarter, it will take towards end of August. So that's what I mean by either they're trying to push 
it as much as possible. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay. So almost 15 to 25 days kind of I mean -- 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Yes, correct. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay. And also in terms of -- I mean kind of related to the previous question, I mean, if you 
were to double your revenues from here, can you do with at similar or higher ASPs or will it 
require you to go down the ASP curve? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Our endeavour will be to maintain this. I'll tell you why, because the higher ASPs primarily 
because of the outerwear component and outerwear is countercyclical for our business. So if you 
look at the Indian apparel exporters, largely they play on the spring/summer, which is Q3, Q4 
denominated where Indian fabric is used cotton viscose fabrics are used. So since we have to 
also have a balanced utilization of our capacity. So as we add our capacity, we may have to also 
do a lot more outerwear to keep the proportion of that, and hence, hold on to the ASPs as well 
because that's what drives the ASPs. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Prolin Nandu with Goldfish Capital. 
Prolin Nandu: 
I just have one question, and these are early days in our Bhopal facility. But in terms of 
productivity that we are able to get from that facility and in terms of scaling up, right? And when 
we compare that productivity with some of our older factories, I mean, how confident are we 
that we can replicate the model that we have, let's say, in our home state in some of the other 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 15 of 19 
 
states as well, it could be MP right now, but in the future, there could be some other states also. 
So what are the early kind of learnings that we have in terms of labor productivity and scalability 
in MP? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Okay. Good question. See, before I go into labor -- I mean scalability, productivity, etcetera, 
from a labor availability perspective, it has been a very refreshing change. In the south, we 
always struggled, especially when we start growing, we always struggle to get the full 
complement of labor and that becomes a limiting factor for our growth. 
So we always run about 10% short, which results in us having to deploy more of overtime, 
etcetera, which comes at double the gross labor cost that we need to incur. So from our 
perspective, labor availability is important, and that is available in abundance. We have never 
been short of labor. In fact, labor, attendance, absenteeism on all those parameters seem to be 
far superior to what we get in the south. 
 
Now as far as the productivity is concerned, the product will be lower, but it was anticipated 
because they are new, they are going through a training and they have come up the curve. So 
again, here, I expect it in 2 parts. As far as quality is concerned, we found that the quality of 
garments produced by them is of an equivalent standard. So the labor has become proficient and 
is delivering at high quality. As far as the productivity is concerned, they are tracking at a slower 
pace. 
So I find an equivalent labor in our current location, they have a faster learning curve than what 
we have there. But I guess it's a matter of time. If you give them a month or so, I guess, they will 
also come up. For now, the productivity ramp-up is running slower than expected. Quality is at 
an equivalent level. Availability is far superior to what we thought. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. And just a follow-up to that. Is the state helping in terms of making the labor available or 
is it just a pure -- I mean, purely our effort that is leading to availability not being a challenge? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Our effort, our effort. So we're just in the right location. We are tapping the right communities. 
We are providing the necessary infrastructure support, etcetera, etcetera, for them to come to our 
factory and all of that. We don't expect the state government to do all of that. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. And have we identified some of the other pockets where we can probably -- I mean, in the 
future also see such opportunities in terms of right location and conducive labor environment? 
Have we already started.? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Not only that, plus the right labor, right government incentives and all of that. Yes, we have 
identified. We have identified, we have offered it all in our strategy. So as and when we want to 
grow, we have a clear plan on where all we want to grow, etcetera. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Anush Kumar with Spark Asia Impact Managers. 
Anush Kumar: 
My question is on the demand sluggishness, which is persisting for probably the next quarter as 
well. So is there any chance that there might be any rollover of these capex plans which is going 
on? 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
No, these capexes also takes time to fructify. And on top of it, we also, from a productivity 
learning curve perspective, it takes time. So for example, the Bhopal unit came online in June. 
But by the time it reaches its full complement of workers, will be end of this year. And by the 
time the workers become fully productive, it will be well into middle of next year. So it takes 
time. 
So we don't want to stop capex growth as we believe that by come FY '25, we should start seeing 
business as usual, and we will need capacity for growth. Our utilization has not fallen as much 
and when the -- as compared to the demand fall. So when the demand goes back up to even 
normal, we should not be in a position where we are caught with lesser capacity in hand. So 
from that perspective, I think timing is okay. 
Anush Kumar: 
Perfect, sir. So if you could break down this INR114 crores of new capacity and new projects 
which was mentioned in the presentation between the 2 plants, if you could give that number, it 
would be helpful. 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
So we have another INR30 crores to spend in Bhopal, about INR35 crores to INR40 crores 
investment in our fabric processing unit and then we have INR30 crores additionally going for 
further expansion of new plants and new additions.  
Anush Kumar: 
How much is for the Perundurai one? 
A. Sathyamurthy: 
For Perundurai,  INR37 crores more to spend as of now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Kothari with Envision Capital. 
Akshay Kothari: 
So I just wanted to know how do you track the inventory movement at the customer shelf for? 
What sort of conversations are you having with the customers? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
It's very difficult. We let you some third-party reports and all of that and it's out all from 
conversation with the customers. At the end of the day, inventory be what it is. It is the brand 
strategy as to when they want to buy, which really governs our order books. So this inventory is 
only a proxy and it's a reasonably good proxy. 
So we do tend to track from whatever sources we have. It's very difficult to accurately obtain all 
of this data. We look at the statements given out by the brands, especially to their investors. We 
track all of those and any other publications, we track this inventory. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. And once we have sold garment to the customer you won't take it back even in case it is 
dead stock, right? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Correct. Correct. The responsibility shifts immediately to the buyer. And whether it sells or not, 
it is their lookout, it's no longer our problem. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Understood. And all the sales are on FOB basis, right? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Correct. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, it's a very interesting decision to go in Bhopal because the textile parks, which 
government has outlaid is actually coming near Indore in the region called Dhar. 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Correct. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Any specific reason because I think Bhopal is not that much, Indore is becoming the hub for MP 
for textile parks, yes. 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Correct. So Dhar is a little away from Indore by the way. And it's the -- by the time this textile 
par comes into working, which means the necessary infrastructure, water, power, etcetera, is 
pulled into that place and the land is developed, it will take another 2 to 3 years. We cannot wait 
that long for the textile part to come up. So as and when these textile parks come up, we may 
consider it. 
But for now, we have to go with whatever location we want. This is one reason. So textile parks 
are not ready yet for us. Second, we would like to be a little away from other industries so that 
we don't end up competing for labor with other industries which may have the potential to pay 
more. So Indore is far more industrialized. 
And if you look at Indore & Pithampur more belt, there are a lot of engineering industries or so 
on and so forth, where they may have a propensity to pay more, I don't want to compete with 
them for the labor, whereas Bhopal doesn't have any of that. So that's one of the reasons why we 
went there. And the fabric mills like Vardhaman, etcetera, are more closer to Bhopal than Indore. 
So the access to raw materials is easier. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Anurag Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Anurag Agarwal: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, let's say, India signs FTA with U.K. or any other such bigger 
countries, western countries, what kind of impact will it have on us like in terms of -- will it help 
us get more clients? And to what extent will that help us? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
See, U.K. imports about US$4 billion from Bangladesh and about US$5 billion from China per 
annum. Now they export both synthetics and cotton so let's assume that about US$1.5 billion 
from China has cotton. And almost all of Bangladesh products can be made in India as well, 
that's US$4 billion. So when India gets an FTA -- as and when India gets an FTA, we will be, 
A, be on par with Bangladesh, that 12% delta goes away. 
And B we will be cheaper than China to that -- by that amount. So it's natural that a portion of 
that business will get diversified into India. Nobody in U.K. wants to put so much from 
Bangladesh. If they get duty free access from India, they would like to diversify their supply 
source to reduce risks. Moreover, fabric all goes from India, so they would also want to be closer 
to where fabrics are so that the lead times can be reduced. 
So the opportunity size at a minimum, I would say, is about US$1 billion. It could be even more 
depending on how much Indian apparel makers are able to pull from Bangladesh plus China, 
since we are going to be significantly cheaper than China and at par with Bangladesh. So that's 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 18 of 19 
 
the opportunity size. There you go. Bigger players can, of course, try to get a good share out of 
that. 
Anurag Agarwal: 
Got it. One more question from my end. Sir, like as you mentioned, most of these customers are 
wanting to have just-in-time inventory, something like that. They want the apparel to reach 
closer to the sale. So are you also seeing nearshore or onshore opportunities like I have heard it 
from some of other competitors also setting up factories near shore? Is that the case which -- 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
The apparel value chain people would like closer today so that they can turn things around faster. 
But keep in mind that nearshore locations are also very expensive. So the labor cost in some of 
those regions are high. So there's always a balance between nearshore and offshore from a cost 
consideration perspective. 
And so, while some very fashion-oriented brands may opt for a higher proportion of nearshore 
so that they don't have markdown challenges as much or they don't have stockout related issues, 
where either the fashion -- a particular style is selling well, but they have less stocks available 
just an opportunity loss. So to prevent that, we want to have some onshore capacities. 
They are usually sewing capacities but smaller volumes. It allows some of us to improve our 
relationship with customers, but near shore will not be the main state, offshore will be because 
the costs are lower. It will be a combination of these two that come to play. Some of the nearshore 
locations also, especially if you look at CAFTA, that is the Central American Free Trade zone, 
are duty free zone. But despite duty-free locations, the cost could be very high because of the 
higher labor costs that prevail there compared to Asia. 
Anurag Agarwal: 
Got it. So we don't currently have any plans or you're not in discussions with any of our clients 
for near-shore opportunities, right? 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
See there are lots of discussions that are happening. It all depends on when and -- if and when 
we decide to do something. So I won't rule out anything at the moment. As part of a larger 
strategy, we will look at all possible options. But we will only exercise an option as and when 
we feel a compelling long-term sustainable strategy by going there. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Sivaramakrishnan G.: 
Thank you. Thank you all for going through the Q&A session. I'm happy to answer your -- I was 
happy to answer your questions. As I said, the business was going through trying times and 
continues to go through trying times, especially from a demand perspective. The encouraging 
sign is that despite the interest rate hike, the U.S. market has been quite reasonably resilient. 
European markets have also showed a reasonable amount of traction. 
So retail market has not fallen down as much as one would have thought it would. Having said 
that, with high inventory overhang and a conservative approach of the brand, they have been 
extremely cagey about buying products. But I think part of that is also because, at the moment, 
they are buying for autumn winter. And since the last autumn winter was very mild, they would 
have had excess inventory from that. 

 
 
 Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Going forward, once we entered into spring/summer, this is for Q3 and Q4 production, I guess 
brands will start buying a bit more. They will be a lot more confident in coming and picking up 
stocks and that's what we are seeing. So early signs of revival are there. We have seen reasonable 
traction from the customers as far as the third quarter bookings go and the traction or the dialogue 
for the fourth quarter as well. 
However, for the second quarter, it will continue to be sluggish as we have seen so far and the 
prospects will improve going forward. I see that the longer-term trend is very solid. If India goes 
and concludes the FTA with U.K., Canada is also a fairly advanced stages and later on in the 
EU. I think these have the potential to open up vast opportunities for the Indian apparel industry. 
They will help in propelling the growth of this sector here in India. 
People, like us, who are professional, who are large organized players will have a better 
opportunity -- better shot at that opportunity. So we look forward to those incremental 
opportunities as well as we keep growing and creating capacity for growth. 
 
Thank you so much for listening to us and look forward to the next meeting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The conference of Gokaldas Exports Limited has now concluded. Thank you for 
your participation. You may now disconnect your lines. 
