                                                                                                                             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   August 11, 2023 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Analyst/Investors conference call 
 
In continuation to our letter dated August 2, 2023, please find herewith the transcript of the Investor conference call 
for Investor and analyst held on Friday, August 04, 2023 at 5.30 p.m. (IST) related to the financial results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023, conducted through digital means.  
 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website of the Company i.e. 
 
https://www.dilipbuildcon.com/wps/portal/dbl/investors/shareholders-centre.  
 
 
This is for your information and record.   
 
With Regards, 
 
 
 
Sincerely yours, 
 
For, Dilip Buildcon Limited  
 
 
 
Abhishek Shrivastava 
Company Secretary  
Encl:  Transcript of call 
 
 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
Listing Department  
P.J Tower, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Stock Symbol -540047
Stock Symbol –DBL 
Abhishek Shrivastava
Digitally signed by Abhishek 
Shrivastava 
Date: 2023.08.11 15:19:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Dilip Buildcon Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEVENDRA JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DILIP BUILDCON 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN SURYAVANSHI – HEAD STRATEGY AND 
PLANNING – DILIP BUILDCON LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY KUMAR BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DILIP BUILDCON LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. JILL CHANDRANI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Dilip 
Buildcon Limited hosted by S-Ancial Technologies Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jill Chandrani. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Jill Chandrani: 
Thank you, Mr. Aman. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Dilip Buildcon Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. From the management, we have Mr. Devendra Jain, Managing 
Director and CEO; Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi, Head- Strategy and Planning; and Mr. Sanjay 
Kumar Bansal, CFO. Now, I request the management to take us through the key opening 
remarks. And after that, we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Now, I hand over the call to Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi for the opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, Jill. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to all of you for 
the Q1 FY '24 earnings call of Dilip Buildcon Limited. The results and presentation have been 
uploaded on the stock exchange, and I hope all of you have had a chance to look at it. 
 
Before I begin, let me mention our standard disclaimer. The presentation that we have uploaded 
on the stock exchange, including the interaction in this call contains or may contain certain 
forward-looking statements concerning our business prospects and profitability, which are 
subject to some uncertainties, and the actual results could differ from those in such forward-
looking statements. 
 
Let me now share insights on the macroeconomic environment of the sector and give you some 
company updates as well. Following that, our CFO, will present the financial update of the 
company, post which we will dive into Q&A session. 
 
So firstly, from a global perspective, growth momentum is pretty stagnant, especially in 
manufacturing and investment segments in the face of moderating headline inflation with the 
southern core. Market expectations of future interest rates have gone up in response to the 
hawkish policies set by central banks around the world. Equity prices have flattened and bond 
yields have hardened. 
At the same time, the big picture in India is that the manufacturing and services activity continue 
to grow with some sequential moderation in June in composite terms from a 13-year high in 
April and May. Coincident indicators for the construction sector have grown robustly, with 
cement production at a 6-month high on the back of a strong public spending on infrastructure 
and good private sector demand as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
The Government's GST collection for the quarter was Rs. 462,793 crores. The real GDP growth 
for FY2022-23 was placed at 7.2%, higher than the second advanced estimate of 7.0%. 
According to RBI, the real GDP is expected to grow by 6.5% during FY23-24. And according 
to World Bank and OECD, India is estimated to remain among the fastest-growing large 
economies in 2023 despite some sequential moderation in economic activity in June. 
 
Now let us look at some updates for the sector. For the quarter ended 30th June 2023, MORTH 
has constructed 2,250 kms and awarded 611 kms. 436 land acquisition notifications were issued 
and land acquisition compensation of approximately Rs. 1,178 crores were profits for the 
quarter. The Government is ramping up its highway building target for the current year as it 
aspires to fast-track infrastructure in a year of multiple state polls and ahead of the general 
elections next year. 
The Government has set its target of quality construction to about 38 kms and plans to construct 
approximately 14,000 kms of national highways. The breakup of this is as follows: about 6,000 
kms will be built by MoRTH. About 6,000 kms will be built by NHAI and about 1,500 to 2,000 
kms will be built by NHIDCL. The Government also has plans to raise about Rs. 30,000 crores 
from TOT and Rs. 15,000 crores from Infrastructure Investment Fund on interest. 
 
The total capital expenditure of the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways for FY 2024 has 
been set at Rs. 2.58 trillion, which is an increase from the Rs. 2.06 trillion spent last year. And 
according to a recent press release, MoRTH targets to achieve 91% of this capex outlook by 
December 2023 given the general election next year. So, they will try to do that, and that's what 
they're saying. 
 
Now let me come to our company performance for the Q1FY '24. Our order book was Rs. 24,051 
crores at the end of June quarter. 37.1% of our order book comprised of roads and highways. 
Mining contributes 18.1%, irrigation at 17%, water supply at 12.4%, tunnel projects at 7.3%, 
metro projects at 5.7% and special bridge projects at 2.4%. So, we are happy to inform you that 
we have a very diversified order book with orders in all these sectors are firing in every different 
state that we are working in. 
 
It is my pleasure to inform you that the current order floated by NHAI is about Rs.1 lakh crores 
already, which we are expecting to build in the coming quarters. So, all of these will be coming 
finally, another sector also has a nice order pipeline coming in all the sectors that we're currently 
working. So, our strategy of diversification has really helped us there. 
 
Let me also give a recap of some of the guidance that we were given on the earlier call. On the 
revenue front, we had guided 8% to 10% growth and, we are targeting for the same. Our 
EBITDA, we have guided about 13%. We had also guided for a debt reduction of Rs. 800 to 
1,000 crores. We are confident, and you will start seeing that sequentially from next quarter 
onward, but the larger reduction will happen in the final 2 quarters. 
 
Finally, we are targeting about Rs. 10,000 crores to 12,000 crores of new orders in this year, and 
this will be across all the sectors that we're working in. We are also targeting some moderation 
in working capital cycle days. We're targeting about 8 to 10 days of reduction. And for the capex, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 4 of 14 
 
we have already mentioned earlier as well that for now we are not looking to do any large capex 
and only replacement capex. 
So even this year we're only targeting about Rs. 50 crores to 75 crores. Our target is to focus on 
becoming a debt-free company in the next 2 to 3 years, and that's where we are kind of focused 
on. So that's the biggest goal for the company, improving and strengthening balance sheet, along 
with keeping and continuing to do the diverse sectors that we work in, and setting our assets 
more and more. 
 
Now let me hand over the call to our CFO, who will give you insights and comments on the 
financials of the company. 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Thank you, Rohan ji. Good evening, everyone. I welcome all stakeholders to our earnings call. 
Let me present the results for quarter ended 30th June 2023. During the quarter and upto the date 
as we speak, we have completed 2 projects, HAM projects, Pathrapali-Kathghora package 2 and 
Bilaspur-Kathghora section in the state of Chhattisgarh under Bharatmala Pariyojana worth Rs. 
487 crores. The second project, Dodaballapur bypass to Hoskote section in the state of Karnataka 
under Bharatmala Pariyojana worth Rs. 1,278 crores on 21st July 2023. 
 
Further, during Q124, the company won an irrigation project worth Rs. 699 crores for 
construction of Malhargarh. Construction of a project on turnkey basis in the state of Madhya 
Pradesh. 
 
Now moving from business to the financial performance. The revenue marginally decreased by 
about 1% in Q1 FY '24 on Y-o-Y basis from Rs. 26,215 million in Q1FY '23 to Rs. 26,084 
million in Q1 FY '24. This is due to delay in execution of old HAM projects. 
 
The EBITDA increased by 63% in Q1 FY '24 on Y-o-Y basis from Rs. 2,054 million in Q1FY 
'23 to Rs. 3,348 million in Q1FY '24. The EBITDA margin increased on account of better 
execution of the projects and reduction in the commodity prices. 
 
Now coming to the profit after tax. The profit after tax increased by 321% in Q1 FY '24 on Y-
o-Y basis from Rs. 198 million to Rs. 834 million in Q1FY '24. The paid margin mainly 
increased because of the better EBITDA margins in the quarter. 
 
Now let me take you through some important balance sheet items. The capital expenditures 
during the quarter was Rs. 430 million. The inventory decreased in Q1FY '24 by Rs. 675 million 
from Q4FY '23, which is mainly on account of reduction in WIP. Tarde Receivables increased 
to Rs. 18,633 million in Q1FY '24 from Rs. 16,064 million in Q4 FY '23 on account of debtors 
booked at the quarter end. 
 
But let me tell you, these debtors were realized subsequently. The net debt-to-equity ratio 
marginally improved from 51 basis points in Q1 FY '24 versus 52 basis points in Q 4 '23. The 
working capital days increased to 75 days as on 30th June 2023 versus 70 days as on 31st March 
'23. This is mainly because of the increased debtors position as of 30th June 2023. And as I said, 
these debtors were realized subsequently. Now we can open the floor for the questions and 
answers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove 
your cell from question queue you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentleman, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. First question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you and Congratulations on the significant improvement in the EBITDA margin. So, the 
first question is on the same. So definitely, we have highlighted all the guidance numbers, but 
just trying to reconfirm or trying to re-understand further. This EBITDA margin, 12.8%, and 
now we are seeing a 13% for this year. So, from here on, we will be seeing a steady state of 
improvement or maybe the same run rate of EBITDA margin. That's the first question I wanted 
to understand. 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Yes, Shravan ji, the EBITDA margins will remain in the same range and whatever guidance we 
have given. So, we had given 13% to 14% EBITDA margin and the numbers will basically 
progress in that manner. 
Shravan Shah: 
 Okay. Secondly, on the debt reduction front and the asset monetization. So last time we have 
talked about the MoRTH HAM projects we want to monetize, where we have a Rs. 900-odd 
crores kind of equity investment. And we are expecting the entire cash to be received this year. 
So, what is the update? And is it the main if there is any delay in receiving the cash of this Rs. 
900 crores equity invested will deduction to Rs. 1,000 Crores debt reduction will get postponed 
maybe in 1Q or 2Q of FY '25? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Shravan ji, that process is underway right now. That old mandate is currently running. And we 
are in negotiations with a whole bunch of investors. What we had stated earlier as well that we 
are only expecting about whatever money, only about half of it to come in this year or whatever 
the whole deal is, we are only expecting about half of it to come because all these projects as 
they are getting completed will only be able to transfer in a whole bunch of projects only 49%, 
and the rest 51% will be able to transfer the next year. 
So that money will also come accordingly with that. So, we have accounted those calculations 
when we have given you this guidance of Rs. 800 crores to1,000 crores. And right now, as things 
stand, we expect everything running as per the time schedule that we had anticipated. 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So, let me add, Shravan ji. On the equity investment side, FY '23-24, the total equity requirement 
was Rs. 825 crores. Out of that, Rs. 268 crores was already invested in Q1. We have balanced 
Rs. 544 crores equity, which is to be invested between Q2 to Q4 and this equity investment will 
be mainly in the HAM projects, which is Rs. 503 crores and Rs. 41 crores in the coal project. 
Shravan Shah: 
 Yes. So, I will come to that also, will want to understand further that. So, it's good that we are 
on track, and we will be completing the monetization. Second, just to understand in terms of the 
order pipeline. So till now, though we have just received a Rs. 700-odd crores order inflow, we 
are looking at Rs. 10,000 crores to 12,000 crores. Definitely, we have said that for NHAI pipeline 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 6 of 14 
 
is Rs. 1 lakh-odd crores. But are we kind of confident that before the like maybe October and 
November, we will be able to get this much order. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Shravan ji, as you are well aware, and you've been tracking the sector for a very long time, there 
were a lot of orders in our sector happened in the second half of the year and historically for 
every year that has been true. So, we are expecting the orders to continue in such a manner. And 
now depending on how much quickly the Government does in different areas, we are looking. 
But the good part is there are healthy orders which have already been floated. And then there are 
a lot other that the Government is in the process of floating in the different sectors that I 
mentioned earlier that we work in. So, our confidence stands from that. Also, important to note, 
again, like I mentioned, that about almost Rs. 1 lakh crores of NHAI orders are already floated. 
So, there is a huge pipeline of orders that is available. 
 
So, it should come. So, we're expecting to kind of build prudence that we've kept. We're 
expecting to get a decent amount of orders. And we are giving a very conservative guidance 
anyways of Rs. 10,000 crores to 12,000 crores that we have been winning every year anyways. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Just further to understand, one is on the appointed date of our HAM we have already 
mentioned in the presentation, one more mining project is a big one or 2,274 crores Amadand 
OCP. When are we going to receive the appointed date for the same? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So, Shravan ji, basically that project is delayed.  
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. But no clear idea maybe next 6 months we are going to get. So just trying to understand 
in the sense that these 4 HAM projects around 3,500 crores EPC value in order book and this 
Rs. 2,200 crores. So, what we are looking at 8% to 10% kind of a revenue growth for this year. 
This quarter, we haven't done anything. So, 13.7% or 14% ask rate is there for 9 months. So 
that's what I'm just trying to understand. 
Are we able to do that? And apart from this, is there any project delays in any of the other 
projects where there is still risk that this 8% to 10% that we are looking at can finally come into 
a 5% kind of a number by the year-end? 
Devendra Goyal: 
Shravan ji, when we have given the guidance, we have accounted all what you have mentioned 
in there, okay? So, we have accounted delays in the Amadand mines also. Amadand mines there 
is a delay on account of the land issues. So, we are expecting that will be resolved soon, but right 
now, it is very difficult to say anything about that. But whatever you have mentioned, we have 
accounted and we are confident that whatever guidance we have given for the revenue we will 
achieve that. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Lastly, on the HAM part, in terms of the equity, the first in the frame. So, whatever the 
deal we have done Rs. 2,349 odd crores that we are going to receive and we've already mentioned 
that Rs. 676 crores we have received in cash. So further, how much more cash that we are going 
to receive? So just trying to break this Rs. 23,49 crores into cash and in its time line, definitely, 
we have mentioned just broadly, what would be the cash and the InvIT number? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So basically, Shravan ji, as you know, till today, we have received Rs. 868 crores worth InvIT 
units and even last quarter, we are receiving only cash consideration. So, in future, there will be 
no further units planned to be issued. So whatever asset we will divest from now, everything 
will receive in cash. So as on today, out of the 10 projects, nine projects are divested. Out of 
nine, seven projects, 100% divested, two projects 49%. The balance, one project 100% and two 
projects 51% will be done within this quarter, means August and September. And one asset for 
51% in December first half. So basically, with that, the entire 10 asset deal will complete. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. That I understood. So, till now, we have received 869 crores InvITs and now onwards, we 
are not going to receive any InvITs whatever will come, will come as a cash. 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Right, right sir.  
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And second, just part to understand the equity that we want to invest in 18 HAM projects 
so that definitely from the last presentation we have excluded this Rs. 987 odd crores so 978 
million equity invested as on June, the number what we have mentioned in the presentation, 
what would be the like-to-like number as on March '23? So just 3 months before, what was the 
number? So just trying to understand how much equity we have invested for 18 projects in one 
quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Shravan ji, once again. So, the 5 HAM projects, which is completed is removed from the 
requirement and actual equity invested. So, I'm saying the – the 5projects, the required equity 
was invested. So, there is no reason to keep this equity requirement on the completed projects. 
So, we removed from the requirement and invested equity. So Rs. 986.5 crores reduced from the 
requirement and the similar amount reduced from the actual invested because those projects 
already completed. So, you can add up these same numbers what we gave in the last quarter 
presentation will match. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And broadly, just the DBL infra, that Rs. 750-odd crores, that number remains the same, 
the debt number remains the same? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Yes, that number is the same. We have, in fact, paid down a little bit debt in DBL Infra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my first question 
would be regarding the debt and equity that you are planning to raise. What's the reason for that? 
And regarding the equity raise, what would be the method of the raise, if you could summarize 
on it? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Narendra Ji, first of all, we are not planning to raise any further equity from now. If you are 
referring to our equity that is from the monetization, we are not trying to raise any secondary or 
primary equity from the equity market. 
Narendra: 
Okay. So, in the document that you have submitted, I mean, the results, you have said that 
consider the issuance of other shares. So, what's that if I could understand that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, that is a permission that we have bought every year from the time we have come listed that 
every year as a prudent policy, a lot of companies do that, whether it's for equity raise, whether 
it's for NCD for all those bunch of different things that you see. It has been there for many last 
10 years. So that is not an indication of us looking to raise any equity or raise any other funds. 
It is just an enabling clause. That's all that it is. 
Narendra: 
We have excessive rains across India, has it affected our execution rate, and what could be the 
effect of it on our top line? Any indications that you have got? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So Narendra ji, if you are referring to the rain, heavy rains on various part of India, let me tell 
you whatever guidance we had given, the company will achieve those numbers. We are very 
confident. 
Narendra:                             Okay, Yeah, That’s what I was asking. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and any participants who wish to ask this time, they may press star and one. The next 
question is from the line of Janmajay Gandhi from IVG Trust. Please go ahead. 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
Hello. I wanted to understand, sir, about the CRML project coal mine that you have got, what is 
the projection for this year and next year? And what is the margin are you expecting on this 
front? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Basically, the project has achieved appointed debt on 2nd January 2023. The project is in 
production. So, this year, the first year of our operation, we will do a 7 million tonne of coal 
excavation and the estimated revenue is around Rs. 550 per tonne. So basically, there will be Rs. 
1,000 crores revenue and the margins would be in the range of 20% to 25%. And this project is 
in subsidiary. 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
Sir, the financials of the performance of this company would be consolidated with the balance 
sheet? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Yes. 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
So, the profitability also would be visible in the consolidated performance? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Right. On full year basis, it will. 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
So, for this year projection, have you included this profitability? 
Devendra Goyal: 
We have given the projection for the single loan number, for the consolidation. 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
Sir, and what is the growth are you expecting for the next 2 years in this coal mines? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Let me tell you, this coal mine has a fixed production plan. So, first year, it was 5 million, then 
10 million, then 16 million, then 25 million, then 35 million, and 6th year, it will achieve the 
optimum capacity, which is 50 million tonnes, and that will run for another 19 years. So, in 25 
years, we will excavate 1,091 million tonnes in total. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
At a price of Rs. 550 per tonne. 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
No, no. The current price is 550 Rs, but the price is linked to the inflation numbers, the CPI, 
WPI. 
Janmajay Gandhi: 
Okay, Sir, I understand this year, it will be 1,000, next year, around 2,000 and henceforth 
according to the plan? 
Devendra Jain: 
Please rectify, 525 multiply 7 around 350 crores revenue this year, next we will do the 10 million 
then that will be 500 million, and then next year 16 million, then 25 million or incrementally 
inflation will also increase. This is the revenue guidance for that project. 
Janmajay Gandhi:                Okay sir. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reminder, participants please press star and one to ask a question. The next question 
is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi Shares. Please go ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
Thank you for taking my question. So just book keeping first question. So just want to 
understand, did we receive any payments or cash consideration from Shrem during the quarter? 
And how much was infused by us in the hybrid annuities? Because when I look at the cash flow 
statement, it seems like we've infused Rs.190-odd crores 
But if I try and reconcile it with our presentation so the presentation suggests, I mean, we have 
received some payments because the cash received number, which was around 454 crores last 
quarter has gone up to 675 crores. So, this 190 crores adjusted for the money that we've received 
or how does that work? Or is it that I mean these were part of loans and advances or not exactly 
compared. 
Devendra Goyal: 
So, if you are referring to the slide of the presentation so it is up to date. So we have not received 
any money from the Shrem InvIT during the Q1, the money has been received during the Q2. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. And how much did we infuse during Q1 in our hybrid annuities? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So total investment was Rs. 268 crores. So mainly, it is in HAM only. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. And how do I reconcile it with the Rs. 190 crores that you show in your cash flow 
statement, purchase of investment is 190 crores. And when I look at our balance sheet numbers. 
So, I can see that increase in investments, Rs. 190 crores, but at the same time, loans and 
advances have come down by 70-80-odd crores. So how do I reconcile INR268 crores and where 
does it lie in the balance sheet? 
Devendra Goyal: 
Prem, there are the two types of investment we had in the HAM project one through the Quasi 
Equity that is unsecured loan and one through the equity, okay. So you will have to reconcile 
separately so it will not directly reconcile with the cash flow statement. 
Prem Khurana: 
Okay. No, because, I mean, generally, the money that you invest in the form of Quasi Equity 
forms a part of your loans, right? And loans seem to have come down during the quarter. So, no 
worries, I mean I'll get in touch with you, and I will take it offline. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Devendra Goyal: 
 yes, because there is some repayment also on unsecured loan so that will not simply reconcile 
the cash flow statement. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And Rohan, just small, I mean, if you could help us understand a little better the pipeline 
that you spoke about Rs. 1 lakh crores  of NHAI prospects that you talk about. How much do 
we intend to kind of bid for of this Rs. 1 lakh crores? And how would the split be between EPC 
and hybrid, if you could share these things, please? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, I mean, the split is as we've done in the past as well, 60% target of about HAM and 40% 
EPC. But all these things are obviously very dynamic based on how the bidding is happening at 
that point of time, how do we face competition and a whole bunch of other factors, and a whole 
bunch of what projects we won in that area. And so, it is very difficult to just state a number off 
the cuff, but that's there. 
The pipeline is looking healthy, and those numbers have been sorted. And even if you look at 
DBL in the last year, we bid for more than the overall project that we bid for other companies 
was for over Rs. 1 lakh Crores that we had bid for. 
So, our bidding team is geared and capable enough to handle and bid for that kind of orders in a 
year. So yes, we are fairly confident that given this is the year before elections, the Government 
will try and put out as many projects as possible. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And just 1 last. I mean, when I look at the history, I mean, generally, whenever you get to 
a general election, the preceding year, generally tends to be get somewhat curtailed in terms of 
awarding activity because I mean you get to a code of conduct, which is there, generally, I mean, 
you get to see some slow down once the code of conduct comes into play. Would you believe  I 
mean, you will be getting some other situation, which is there? I mean, most of these projects 
would have to come out either in Q2 or Q3 because Q4, again, I mean most of these Government 
authorities would be busy with the election preparation. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Yes, sir, I think it's fair to assume that Q2 and Q3 should be heavier activity than Q4, as you 
rightly said. And the end of Q4, we come to about model code of conduct somewhere in the time 
of March or in that range, it starts kicking in. So hence, we also expect more to happen that. And 
whatever can happen before that. But given the high budget that the Government had announced 
for infrastructure, the Government probably when also when they announced because the capital 
expenditure for infrastructure went up from Rs. 7 lakh crores last year to 10 lakh crores this year. 
So, which was a 40% increase in capex for infrastructure. 
 
So, the Government obviously had a clear intention on increasing the outland wanting to push 
out projects. And even all the commentary that you will see from the different departments has 
been in line with that goal. So we are hopeful that they should do it. Otherwise, they would have 
not announced such a large budget and also compound it everywhere. 
Prem Khurana: 
And any update on Bharatmala Phase 2? Because I mean Bharatmala Phase I there's hardly 
anything left, that's only for a couple of years that you would get to have something come from 
NHAI. So, any update on Bharatmala Phase II in terms of... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
I would not be the best person to be able to give you an update on that because that Government 
schemes are run with the Government having their own thought process. So, I think the 
Government will be a better place to answer that. 
Prem Khurana:                   Sure, thanks a lot and all the very best. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, just continuing the previous question. So till now, how many projects that we would have 
bided and where the bids have yet not open? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Shravan Ji, there are about 10 projects that we bid for where the bids have not opened up till 
now. 
Shravan Shah: 
What will be the broader value? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
I think roughly about Rs. 10,000 crores. And this is in all the different sectors that we are doing. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And just though you mentioned in the previous reply that you are not the right person in 
terms of the Bharatmala Phase 2. But just a broader perspective of whatever your understanding 
in terms of. Is there in terms of the broader when the Bharatmala Phase 1 started, they started 
with 5.75 odd crore and 7 lakh odd crore finally So this Phase 2, do you think that this size would 
be this Rs. 5 lakh crores, 6 lakh crores, 8 lakh crores or now most of the road phase is kind of 
the remaining small patches are there so the value could be much lower. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Shravan ji, see Bharatmala Phase 1 isdone, for Phase 2 there are enough and plenty of roads to 
be made in India, and there’s a lot of upgradation to happen from, like we mentioned 2-lane 
roads getting to 4-lane and 4-lane to 6 and onwards. So, all of that is happening and all states are 
also focused on building expressways and all. So, there is a lot of work that is happening. For 
me to be able to comment on how exactly will the Government teams pan out would not be  I 
would not be the very best person. 
But we know the intent of the Government. They have come out with a very detailed paper on 
the national infrastructure pipeline. They've mentioned in a lot of detail what they want to do. 
So, I think referring to that and then looking at and having conversations with the Government, 
it would be a better place. But even they will not be able to give you such a long plan. 
 
They can say, "Yes, this is all that we are intending to do." How and when and how much will 
happen and what pace will happen is also a function of the Government that comes to power and 
what is their intent. So, a lot of things that will affect that. 
 
But I think directionally, there seems to be a healthy pipeline of orders across infrastructure 
sector. And 1 thing I'd definitely like to highlight, right now, if you look at our order book, less 
than 40% is in the road sector. So, it's not like we are dependent only on the road sector. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 12 of 14 
 
And there are a lot of orders coming in all the different sectors. So, our idea of diversification 
that we started is a journey that we started in 2015, 2016, has come handy given how much 
competition we are seeing in this sector as well. So, I think, for us, we are more focused on 
winning good quality orders across all the sectors that we're working in, sweating our assets, not 
making any large capex commitments, and that's lag for us. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Sir, again, in terms of just coming on the number on the HAM part. So once these 3 HAM 
projects, which is still to be transferred to Shrem, once if that will be transferred in terms of the 
on stand-alone books, whatever the equity till now we are showing part of this Rs. 998 crores, 
how much will be removed from that? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
You mean like the equity that is on the presentation right now, once you transfer these assets, 
how much will get reduced from here? 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So basically, we complete the project. Whatever projects getting to be directed to Shrem InvIT 
that is already removed. So, there will be no further removal from the equity requirement. So, 
all the projects already removed from the equity requirement. It was completed. 
Shravan Shah: 
No, sir, I'm not saying equity requirement. I'm saying whatever we have invested and which is 
part of so Rs. 998 crores, what we are saying, we have already invested. So, this is only in 18 
HAM projects and the 10 Shrem projects is this already out of a stand-alone balance sheet. That's 
what we are trying to say? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Yes. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay.  Got it. And so just further, just trying to understand, the Shrem InvIT is in the DBL infra 
books and not in the stand-alone books? 
Devendra Goyal: 
Sharavn ji whatever we have removed the equity capital still there is in the book. But for the 
sake of clarification and whatever acting project is there, that is also in the book. And whatever 
we have not divested through the Shrem InvIT like Nidagatta-Mysore and the Patrapali so that 
is standing in the Dilip Buildcon stand-alone books also. 
Shravan Shah: 
That's what I'm trying to understand, sir, on the number part so part 2 things just whatever you 
said. So broadly, roughly how much equity still will be there, the 3 projects that we still have to 
transfer to the Shrem? On the standalone books, how much equity we are still showing? 
Devendra Goyal: 
So, Shravan ji, can we take it separately because the equity standing in the books of DBL stand-
alone also, and it is extending in the DBL infra also. So what will be transferred when the entire 
10 projects will get completed. Okay. So, we can take it separately and we can give you the 
numbers. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And then in DBL Infra sorry, Shrem Invit what we are receiving is shown in part of DBL 
infra and DBL stand alone. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So basically, we have received units in DBL Infra Assets and DBL both. So out of the total Rs. 
868 crores worth unit, the total units in DBL Infra Assets is Rs. 324 crores. And in DBL, it is 
Rs. 513 crores. So, both the entity the units are there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Good Evening sir, Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is on the order 
inflow target which we are talking about around 10,000 crores to 12,000 crores. Sir, what would 
be the non-road portion and kind of work we are targeting this year? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
So basically, if you can see our order book breakup, the road is generally close to 40%. So yes, 
this year also we are targeting road close to 40%. 
Jiten Rushi: 
So, it is safe to assume around 4,000 -5,000 crores should be from the books? 
Sanjay Kumar Bansal: 
Right. 
Jiten Rushi: 
And sir, on what kind of margin do we expect from the non-road segment? Because now, as you 
said, steady state margin going forward would be 13%-14%, but can we see any better margin 
coming from the non-road segment, which can take us our margin... 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Jiten ji, the margin guidance that we've given is a blended margin. And to give it from different 
segments would be unfair again, like I mentioned, every time when you bid for a project, it's 
based on multiple factors when we bid and the margins that we get. So hence, to pick out and 
give each existing would be difficult. Also, as part of our bidding strategy, it would be wrong to 
hand out different margin profiles of each sectors and give it to all our competitors as well. 
Jiten Rushi: 
I understand. There are corporates who give, but that's okay. My point was, from the non-road 
as you said 6,000 to 7,000 crores. But can you just give us a breakdown like what you are looking 
from the non-road because we have been present in many segments. So any particular segment 
or news we are targeting this time aggressively of non-road so we are going to focus on... 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, all those segments that we work in those are the segments that you should see orders coming 
in. There is no specific breakup that we, at this point of time, have to offer. 
Jiten Rushi: 
As you said NHAI has a strong pipeline. We understand that. Any pipeline you have identified 
like some metro or water supply, irrigation or we'll be bidding the way it will come. That is what 
I understand, right, sir? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
All these segments have healthy orders coming, and we are looking at all of them. 
Jiten Rushi: 
And sir, in terms of competitive intensity, what is your view now? So, we have seen competition 
in the past. So this year, what is your view, like do you see this intensity to remain or it will 
come down? Or how has been the experience so far like this year? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
The intensity is dependent on multiple factors on the size of the project, smaller size projects 
will see more competitive intensity. It also depends on the type of the project, let's say, EPC 
versus HAM, EPCs have more competitive intensity. HAM has reduced competitive intensity. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
Page 14 of 14 
 
So different segments have different competitive intensity, different states have different 
competitive intensity. 
So, it's not like a 1 size fits all. It all depends on where exactly are we working, what segment 
are we working, how big is the project, all of those  different things. Who is the payment agency, 
like which agent whether it’s a municipal project, whether it's a state Government project, 
whether it's a multilateral funded project, whether it's a national Government funded project, all 
these things change, all these have a different VC, different, things happening and based on or 
multiple of these factors. 
 
So, it would be very different. But yes, competition intensity in between has become much 
higher because of the Government reducing the requirements for bidding, which we again 
brought it up. So, there's some parity there, but there still very competitive in the lower range of 
projects in the lower cost of EPC projects, yes. 
Jiten Rushi: 
But sir, just last thing. So you mean to say that we will focus on central Government and 
multilateral agency funded projects. That is something which we are focusing on so that the 
payments should be on time that's the whole thought process? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
We focus on multilateral and national Government project and also state Government project 
where the funding has been tied up or we know that there is a very good visibility. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Just last thing. Sir, you said 10,000 crores is the outstanding pipeline as of now, right? Where 
you are awaiting the results? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Yes, 10,000 crores of projects where we have bid, but the results have not opened. 
Jiten Rushi: 
And any segment you can highlight, breakup between the segments? 
Devendra Jain: 
There are different segments that we bid in, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reminder to all participants to please press one and star to ask a question Ladies and 
gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
As always, I'd like to thank all the participants for attending our conference call and all our 
partners for patiently asking all the questions that they had. In case we've not been able to answer 
some of your questions or you still have doubts, please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations at S-Ancial or our own team internally, and we'd be happy to help you with any doubts 
that you may have. Again, we appreciate all of you coming on the call, and I look forward to 
seeing all of you guy in my next quarter call. Have a good happy monsoon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Dilip Buildcon Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you 
