 
Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com 
            CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2023 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
 
The Relationship Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
                                     
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on August 04, 
2023 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated July 20, 2023, towards investor/ 
analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy 
of the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on August 04, 
2023. 
 
Kindly take this intimation on your record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
 
 VINAYA 
ABHIJIT JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
VINAYA ABHIJIT JOSHI 
Date: 2023.08.07 
09:54:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited 
Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWATH RAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED. 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cummins India Limited Q1 FY '23-'24 
Earnings Conference Call. We hope you are all keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand over to Mr. Ashwath Ram, MD Cummins India Limited. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Cummins India Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ashwath Ram, and I'm the Managing Director of 
Cummins India Limited. Joining me on the call today is Ajay Patil, Chief Financial Officer of 
Cummins India Limited. Thank you all for joining us on this call today. 
 
I'm really happy to inform you that the company successfully launched product duly certified to 
lead the new CPCBIV+ emission norm in the power gen segment and is fully prepared to deliver 
the best-in-class products to power the success of our customers. Backed by our brand promise 
of innovation and dependability, we are confident that these products will continue to deliver 
superior performance. 
 
Now I would like to share an update on our Q1 FY '24 financial results. I am pleased to announce 
that CIL reported record revenue for the quarter, driven by strong domestic demand. The export 
revenue is at levels similar to the previous quarter. 
 
Getting into the financial results; for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, with respect to the same 
quarter last year, our sales at INR2,175 crores are higher by 31% compared to INR1,657 crores 
recorded in the same quarter last year. Domestic sales at INR1,677 crores are higher by 43%. 
Exports at INR498 crores are higher by 3%. Profit before tax at INR415 crores is higher by 57% 
compared to the same quarter last year. 
 
For the quarter ended June 30, 2023 with respect to last quarter, our sales at INR2,175 crores are 
higher by 15% compared to INR1,889 crores recorded in the last quarter. Domestic sales at 
INR1,677 crores are higher by 20% and costs at INR498 crores are higher by 1%. Profit before 
tax at INR415 crores is flat compared to the previous quarter. 
 
I would now like to share the segment-wide sales breakup for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
Domestic; power generating domestic sales were INR873 crores, a 76% increase over last year 
and 30% increase over the last quarter. Distribution business sales were INR534 crores, 28% 
increase over last year and 11% increase over last quarter. Industrial domestic business sales 
were INR236 crores, flat versus last year and 9% increase over last quarter. 
 
Exports. High Horsepower exports were INR2.4 crores, 5% increase over last year and 18% 
increase over last quarter. LHP exports were INR201 crores, flat versus last year and 17% 
decrease over last quarter. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Cummins India financial guidance. Regarding the sales outlook for the full year 2023-'24, we 
look forward to continuing our double-digit growth over the fiscal year 2022-'23. 
 
I now open the session for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So my first question is on CPCBIV+ implementation. So now it's all done and dusted. So how 
do you see the channel demand right now? Do you see any significant decline in the volumes 
for the rest of the year? Do you think that it can be made up more than made up by the increase 
in prices, so that we can maintain that 2x normal GDP growth, which we aspire to have in the 
year. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Sure Parikshit. That's a very good question. CPCBIV+ has been launched -- it's been launched 
very well, and we've been very comfortable with our position in the market from where we stand 
as compared to their competition, from a product perspective. What the government at the last 
minute has announced is that CPCB gensets can be produced and sold all the way up to June 
2024. 
In effect, only certain areas and present market segments will move to CPCBIV+, as they are 
still trying to ascertain how that mix and how that spread is. And that puts us in -- we were 
expecting a very smooth product A to product B transition. But now for the next 1 year, we're 
going to have to work with both the ranges of products being sold simultaneously. 
So while we feel good about where the market is, good about our position in the market, there 
is no uncertainty about how will the transition -- what percentage of the market will transition 
over the next couple of quarters, and that's where we find ourselves right now. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. So you're saying both CPCB II and CPCBIV+, so both the products will be amenable for 
sales, even for the rest of the year till June '24? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. But at least the good part is that it's all announced -- the guidelines are in place, 
everything has been tested, everything has been launched, pricing has been announced. So we 
feel that all the uncertainty from the development and launch of the product, all of that has gone 
away. Now market adoption, we will get more and more clarity as we move forward. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. My second question on the AGM presentation. I think the first time you have put out 
something on the hydrogen. So you've mentioned about fuel cells on railways and battery energy 
storage systems for other applications. So is there now clarity what CTIL will do in terms of 
hydrogen and what CIL will do, so if you can help us understand. So what will be the roadmap 
for hydrogen story for both these entities in India? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. There is always been clarity that the market segments that are served by CIL will continue 
to get served by CIL. So whether it's batteries or whether it's hydrogen or other any other kind 
of fuel, the segments which are already being served will continue to get served. What is not 
100% clear to us is, the best path to enter into the production of hydrogen, and that is what is 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
being worked out -- the strategy for that is being worked out and the company, we have been 
talking to various consultants and trying to figure out what is the entry strategy. 
But getting into rail or getting into expanding the scope of our power gen services to also include 
battery and energy storage facilities, getting into construction, running hydrogen internal 
combustion engines in the production market. I think all of those kinds of visions are clear for 
the company, and we are moving forward as we go beyond that. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And just the last question, sir, on the margins. So we have seen a slight decline in the 
gross margins and also there has been an increase on other expenses and employee costs. Just 
wanted get an understanding in terms of margin trajectory, I mean where we have seen, that 
there could be a pathway of 100 basis point improvement in margin. So how do you stand there? 
And also, if there was any one-off this quarter and low margin. I mean data center, large lumpy 
order, which could have resulted in slightly lower margin. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So actually, margins have improved as compared to the previous year. So our guidance of 
attempting to improve margin by 100 basis points in 4Q. When you compare from a quarter-on-
quarter basis, we have some onetime kind of expenses on the cost side related to timing of where 
we did increments or employees will move that forward by about a quarter. So some of those 
kinds of variables as well as some one-timers in warranty, etcetera, those led to sequential quarter 
-- a slight reduction in margin. But overall, we feel good that the -- our attempt to keep improving 
margin year-on-year holds true. There's a lot of focus on cost. And so I feel confident that we 
are on the right path as far as margins are concerned. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on an excellent set of numbers. I understand you're allowed to sell up to June 
'24, if you have the purchase order received till June '23. How has that purchase -- can you 
strongly indicate the activity on it a purchase order, what you have received for the older rate till 
June '23 and which is still pending to be supplied, in the rest of the year? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So we have received a very, very full order board, which has demand all the way up to June 
2024. So I don't think we are worried from an order perspective. I think the bigger concern for 
us is that there will be many market which will also begin their transition to CPCBIV+ without 
waiting for June. And how we balance out the right mix and -- with 2 sets of product lines in 
parallel, those are the kinds of things the teams are working on and figuring out how to optimize 
both the supply chains, because both will have to be -- one will have to be kept alive and the 
other one will have to be scaled up. But order board are full. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is, how is the new CPCBIV being built, what is the pricing difference now 
as, of course, you rolled out the pricing, you must be more aware of the pricing now. So can you 
indicate the broad pricing difference? And the related question is how do you see this opening 
the export market for us? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So pricing is in the range. It's not -- we can say on an average is somewhere between 20% 
to 50% in the range -- these prices have gone up. And so I won't tell you exactly what the average 
is, because it's irrelevant because of the volumes are different at different nodes. But certainly, 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
prices have gone up significantly, and we find that we will be very competitive with that kind of 
price increase. 
 
The second proportion of your question was, what does that mean to access other markets. And 
certainly, it's good news for us that these products are developed. The product of CPCBIV+ are 
the tightest emission products in the world, as far as the markets are concerned. And so there is 
-- we are working on reconsidering some of these products for use in other markets around the 
world. 
 
So the consideration for India is we can't just be taken one to one and just sold in market, whether 
-- in markets in North America, or the market in India work on a 50-hertz electrical cycle, 
whereas the market in the United States work on a 60-hertz electrical cycle, so the engine pretty 
much works at a different RPM. But the teams are working on trying to make things kind of 
conservative, and also trying to figure out which are the market segments globally, where we 
can launch some of these products in the near future. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Sir, congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is with respect to the Power Gen 
segment. This quarter, there would have been a lot of prebuy price increase, which had led to 
close to 76% kind of growth. But what is the underlying volume growth that one should roughly 
anticipate in the power gen side over the next few quarters or a couple of years? And what are 
the drivers of that? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So yes, you are absolutely right. I would say that prebuy led to a very, very strong quarter 
for the Power Gen business. Moving forward, initially when so much of a prebuy happens in 
any cycle, the subsequent quarter sees slightly less demand. And so we anticipate that similar 
kind of situation to happen here. That's a very short-term phenomenon. The long term -- our 
estimate of this market is, we expect it to grow at roughly 2x of GDP. And the reason being that, 
as markets become more mature and more dependent on the power consumption and their 
sensitivity to not having 100% reliable grid power actually increases, and we have seen this trend 
in multiple markets around the world. 
 
So we think that the power gen market in India will continue to grow aggressively over -- at 
least for the next 8 to 10 years, especially because a big chunk of power gen also goes into 
infrastructure. As India is becoming first a $6 trillion economy and then a $10 trillion economy 
over the next 10 years, the use of gen set and power gen equipment and industrial and 
construction equipment is going to keep increasing. And that is a very good sign for us, from an 
Indian perspective. 
 
So short term, very, very short term, slightly flattish kind of indication, long term, very bullish 
and optimistic that things will be good for the business. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, sir. And my second question is with respect to exports. After multiple quarters of very 
strong growth, we have seen exports have been be seeing moderate or mail growth. Is it 
something that this quarter is kind of an aberration, nothing too much to read on it? Growth can 
tug along? Overall market level demand and company-level efforts that you can comment upon? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So what we are seeing is that certain areas of the world have started to slow down quite 
significantly. We are especially starting to see slowing happening in Europe pretty significantly. 
Asia is flat. Asia Pacific and Latin America has also started to slow down a little bit. I think part 
of it is to do with the China bounceback not happening as well as we anticipated. And so the 
combination of all of these things is that it appears some parts of the power gen market are 
flattening out. 
 
Now what we are trying to do to overcome that is to try to figure out, can we launch -- we have 
launched lot of new products, can we launch more products, can we be more aggressive using 
our better cost base in India to try to get more market share? So the attempt that we're going to 
do, is to take -- can we get market share even in a declining market. So the news from the market 
is that the market has -- is flattening and in certain parts of the world, it is starting to decline a 
bit, whether a couple of quarters down the line, whether that will flatten out and again start to 
grow is something we are waiting and watching. So I can't predict that well. 
 
But what we can do, what is in our control is to say that, despite those markets slowing down, 
can we still increase our market share by being more aggressive as well as by introducing more 
products. So that's going to be our attempt to try to maintain the export performance. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it, sir. And my last question is with respect to the distribution business. I mean, this is a 
derivative of growth -- or the demand should come from the power gen or industrial side, what 
is driving the growth in the distribution business? I mean, if we continue to grow at a robust 
level? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think you already answered your own question. As the power generation business is growing, 
as the industrial construction business is growing, as infrastructure is being embedded, people 
are using equipments. So when they use equipment, it needs to be serviced. Our products are -- 
we are offering longer and more better maintenance packages. So historically, after warranty 
cycles were over, people used to be able to go out of fold and be able to use roadside mechanics 
or small service centers who repair their products, use aftermarket parts, not bought from 
Cummins. 
 
But as the products are getting more complicated as electronics is entering into these products, 
we are also offering more comprehensive longer-term packages, by which customers remain in 
fold and they buy our genuine parts, etcetera. That and, of course, trying to enter into new market 
segments, provide more services, more options, more parts, more kits, combination of all of 
these activities is what is leading to the growth. We still feel that where we are today in terms of 
our penetration of distribution business, is lower than what we have seen in our own company 
in other parts of the world. And so our entitlement is higher. So we still see there is a lot of 
growth opportunity available in this space in the business. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Deepak from HDFC Pension. Mr. Deepak, please go 
ahead with your question. Since there is no response. We'll go on to the next question from the 
line of Rushabh Shah from O3 Securities. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yes. Yes. So since hydrogen is very flammable, any technology has been discovered so that 
hydrogen can be used safely for short or long distances? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So to answer that question, hydrogen is now being used for many, many years now. People 
still have memories of the historical dangers of hydrogen. But over the last 40 or 50 years, 
significant improvement has been made in making hydrogen safer to use in terms of the fluid 
mechanism, the fuel delivery systems, the combustion process itself, leak detection and escape 
and routing mechanism. 
So the answer is today's hydrogen designs are, I would say, on par with most other combustible 
fuels like LNG, CNG, etcetera. So yes, I would say that India has come a long way. Of course, 
there's a cost to that safety, hydrogen systems can be a lot more expensive and still not used in 
the scale that is required for the costs to come down. But the safety question is more or less now 
under control. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. And second question is, sir, how might the shift to electrification be affected -- how might 
the shift in electrification affect the market share of Cummins in engines? Is electrification 
happening at a faster pace or slower pace? I mean, how will the market share be affected of 
Cummins? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So I think we are all trying to figure out what that right balance is. It is Cummins' view 
based on many studies that we have conducted that it is going to be different for different 
markets. So let's look at the markets in which CIL plays, which is mainly in the power generation 
and, let's say, the industrial market. 
 
In the power generation market, we feel that over the next 5 to 10 years, everything below 25 
kilowatts could go towards battery. It's not going to go to any other fuel. Above 25 kilowatts, it 
is still diesel and other fuels, including LNG, CNG, etcetera. Still, we have a very, very long 
way to go before battery technology can be cost effective, to meet some of those kinds of 
requirements and Cummins is exploring all of those options. 
 
In the industrial and construction market, we feel that it will be a gradual part. The first move 
from diesel over the next -- up to the end of this decade, we actually see demand for diesel going 
up before it starts to plateau out and then gradually decline starting in the 2014 time frame. And 
during that time, different technologies like LNG, CNG, hydrogen internal combustion engines, 
etcetera, will start to gain more ground and gradually, the shift could happen to hydrogen in that 
space. 
 
The lower end of the construction vehicle, which is sub-50 horsepower, those are the areas which 
could grow in the electric mobility route, but mainly for areas where there is limited use 
scenarios. So that's the way we are looking at it right now and Cummins is already making 
investments in many of those areas and has a plan to become a carbon-neutral company by 2015. 
India, as we know will become carbon neutral by 2070. So the migration path for India is even 
longer than what it is going to be for other parts of the world. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. And one last question is, sir, going ahead, what kind of headwinds can be seen for 
Cummins in such an inflationary environment? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
I don't see too many headwinds. I think this is a very exciting time from a Cummins perspective. 
The biggest headwind is ourselves internally in how well we can execute on some of the projects 
that we have undertaken. But when I look at our macroeconomic factors, I think that India is 
growing, that India will continue to grow that infrastructure will continue to grow, that power 
requirements will continue to grow, that technology will be needed to move into cleaner 
emissions and electrification and all of those are areas where Cummins plays in and so. 
I don't see those as challenging. The challenge will be how well we execute on introducing some 
of the technologies, how well we localize, how well we invest within the country and how well 
we scale up and build on the technology that Cummins is developing worldwide. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Macquarie. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
I just wanted to check, especially because we now have order book of CPCB-II for the full year? 
Is CPCIV implementation virtually sort of not expected yet. I just want to understand why would 
customers pick up a product that is 35% higher in cost, and does that give competition an edge, 
that they know your pricing and sort of can catch up with you over the one year period? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think, first of all, the development cycle for CPCBIV was a very, very expensive and very 
complicated cycle. So just by looking at pricing, one can't catch up to technology. So I'll put that 
question aside. But there CPCBIV+ is already taking at adopted, there are many cities like in the 
National Capital Region, where CPCB-II gen sets were not being allowed to be run in many 
months of the year. And what -- the notification to say that they had to put the retrofit devices, 
emission control devices to make them suitable to work. 
 
Now the cost of retrofit device on a CPCB-II engine is higher than the cost of a CPCB4+ engine 
genset. So many of those markets will directly move to CPCBIV+, the product is better, the 
efficiency is better, the equipment is better and they are highly certified and qualified to work in 
those markets. And also, anyone going in for new purchases, not everyone will just -- not 
everyone is just worried about the initial capital cost. If you look at the long-term requirements, 
I think there are certain companies in certain types of markets, who just want the best product in 
the segment, and we see some of those markets also going there. 
 
We are not able to exactly predict what that means in the percentage of the overall mix, but we 
think it is likely to be greater than 25% to what our current estimate is as of now. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir, maybe just one follow-up. The employee expense, I just wanted to understand, given 
that you've taken the price that you have given the employee hike, this would sort of be the run 
rate deals that we would look at for quarter, is that understanding correct? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Could you repeat? Sorry, I couldn't understand very clearly in the last part? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes, the employee expense, now that we've undertaken the pay division, this would be sort of 
the run rate that we plan going ahead. Is that understanding correct? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, that is correct. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Just wanted to clarify one thing. The extension of June '24 allows you to manufacture, as well 
as manufacturing and sale of CPCB-II machines? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. Second thing is on the JV income. If you could just highlight in the last 2 or 3 quarters or 
in the last 12 months, there has been a substantial increase. How sustainable is this, and if you 
could comment that what is leading to such strong growth over there? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. I think you're talking about the 2 JVs. One is our alternator JV and the second one is the 
Valvoline JV. And the alternator JV is doing well because it is directly proportional to the power 
generation business. But as the power generation business is doing well, the alternator business 
is also doing well. So it results from a productivity perspective are very similar to the results 
with overall the power gen business comes out with. 
 
As far as the Valvoline business is concerned, that's mainly an aftermarket kind of business, and 
that business gets severely impacted by the cost of oil and many such variables. So both are good 
and great companies. So we expect that these businesses will continue to do well. But we don't 
expect them to do disproportionately well, as compared to the rest of the company. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Second thing is on the -- you, in the past, have been mentioning that you've been able to cater to 
-- out of 185% of the demand, how supply situation now for you to take up the demand, given 
semiconductor supply? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I would say, it's improved a little bit, but still, I would say, maybe now we're meeting close to 
90% of demand. The global electronic supply problem for some of these products, especially in 
high horsepower, they continue. We are trying to work around those, develop some alternatives, 
etcetera and that is what has led to the limited success of going from 85% of demand to 90% of 
demand. But the supply chain teams have war rooms, and they are working with some of the 
global suppliers to try to get this under control. So it's getting better -- every quarter, as I'm 
speaking, it's getting better. But the answer is that no, we are able to supply everything that -- as 
the orders that they are getting, the answer is still no. And it's still uncertain how much time it 
will take to fix that. 
 
Specifically, the fact that China has not bounced back as strongly as was expected, has picked 
up. If China were to come back stronger in the future quarters. Again, this situation is likely to 
worsen. So not any -- 100% might be kind of pushing right now. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Great. Lastly, just on your gross margins. Your longer-term range for your gross margins are in 
the mid-30s. Sometime back, you also expressed this ambition to go back to these gross margins. 
Is that plan still on -- in terms of your capability to achieve those gross margins? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. Certainly, it is our ambition as well as our attempt to try to get there. And then when we 
were recently studying some of this, we found out there a big chunk of why we lost some of 
those big percentages of margin was because the change in schemes like MEIS and RoDTEP 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
etcetera, those have had a significant impact on companies like us, because we exported the large 
amount out of our company. So we are looking at alternate ways to try to improve the margin, 
but it's not as straightforward as it appears. But the work is on, and we will continue to try to 
improve the margins. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL. 
Renu Baid: 
My first question would be related to CPCBIV. While you mentioned that the production is now 
in place. Just want to understand from a different perspective, the FCR, which will be required 
for the gensets. They will be booked as revenue by CIL and supplied to GOEM, or this is directly 
forcing us for the purpose of the genset supplies? 
Ashwath Ram: 
They'll be sold by CIL. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Sure. So relatively, gross margins on the SCR portion could be a bit softer, so this would 
be a sourced components from the group enetities, right? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Could you repeat that question again? 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. The resulting gross margins on the SCR component will obviously be relatively softer than 
the engines, given that these are outsourced components for us? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Sir, second, while you did mention one of the conversations that NCR has had this 
restriction on usage of CPCB II old engine profile. But if I see similar notices by NGT has been 
issued in states like Kerala, Karnataka and Maharashtra. So this shift in the customers in these 
states, A, the existing users who are using CPCB-II, they've been asked to retrofit kits, to make 
them usable as a compliance proof. Are you seeing that usage of retrofit kits are increasing or 
these customer themselves are now looking to shift to CPCBIV based engines, at least from 
these large states, which are industrial and commercial are driven in terms of GDP growth. 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's exactly the point very clearly made, Renu. So many of those -- many of our customers 
there have been getting notices to say that either they need to buy these REPD kits or find 
alternate solutions. And there was no alternate solution other than selling them those kits. So the 
kit sales have been increasing. And now whenever such a request comes, we will be 
recommending to those customers who just buy a CPCBIV genset. So those market segments 
will migrate to usually more than what we see. 
Renu Baid: 
So to that extent, the demand for CPCBIV or the new gensets would not just be the new demand 
or newbuild demand, but also replacement of the old engines to the new engine? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. But how much of that will happen is something to be seen and studied. So it's 
very difficult to predict that. 
Renu Baid: 
Understand. Second, if we see, while you have not -- you have not mentioned anything clearly. 
Can you share some comments in terms of within the industrial market and the export mix, how 
has region-wise growth been? And you highlighted Europe slowing down very sharply. So on 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
the exports, are we worried that this INR500 crores kind of run rate, you may get stuck here in 
the change, or there could be probability of drop in the volumes if the global markets turn out to 
be far more weak than what has been expected? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So as I mentioned, we have seen that Asia Pac has certainly started to slow down, and 
dropped -- Latin America is also starting to drop, Middle East actually flat. As of now, Europe 
has dropped quite a bit. Africa is flat, and North America has also dropped a little bit. And the 
China data center market has also softened, as compared to where it was in the previous year. 
Looking at all of these variables, we were to do nothing, that has just continue to sell in the way 
we are selling right now, I would expect that the markets would start to decline a little bit. But 
what we are trying to do is trying to launch more products and trying to get more aggressive and 
trying to get back some share. So with all of those efforts, we hope to at least hold at the level 
where we have reached with lot of work, and then try to pick that up as the market starts to 
recover. 
Renu Baid: 
In the same background, if I just add a question, we were expecting some higher volume shifts 
coming in from the U.K. market. There was a long-term agreement signed and shareholders' 
approval also for higher yield party transaction. Has that transition in terms of higher volume 
growth happened through or we have seen some lag because of weakness in those regions? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, some of that has already started -- some of that has to do with the machine components, 
etcetera, also. So it started, and those parts of the factories are working pretty fully. So that -- all 
of that is going on. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, lastly, one more, while yesterday there was an announcement regarding the new JV between 
Cummins Inc. and Tata Motors for hydrogen-based ICE engines. Will Cummins India, the listed 
company have any role in no any supply chain part components and service to the JV? Or any 
relevance of this development to Cummins India portfolio? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. This JV is mainly related to mobility in vehicles, that is something which Tata Cummins is 
already doing. So this JV was formed with Tata Motors to launch fuel cells and internal 
combustion engines, utilizing the assets which are already there in the JV and making some 
incremental investments in banking, etcetera. So certainly Cummins India could benefit from 
that, and that if the same kind of products are used by Cummins India, in its applications of 
power gen or industrial or rail, etcetera, we could buy those products at good pricing, but not 
directly related to the Cummins India business. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Nitin Arora: 
Mostly my questions have been answered. Just one on your -- this double-digit growth guidance 
for the domestic market. Is it possible to attribute -- this is you're taking into account the decline 
in exports. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Nitin Arora: 
And this double digit, I'm assuming double-digit can be anything. But generally, that double 
digit, is it possible to talk about how much would be attributed to volume, because your pricing 
is quite high, given the mix of the both emissions? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. I think when we indicated double digits, there the foundation of that is coming from that -
- we expect to grow 2x of GDP. So if our GDP is growing at 5.5% to 6%, 2x as of that is where 
we expect to keep growing our business. And it's difficult to comment on volumes, because it's 
different for different market segments, but volume does grow proportionately. So it may not 
grow -- it may not grow at 2x of the GDP at that growth rate. But certainly, we do -- it's not in 
every cycle that one can get incremental price from the market. So certainly, a bigger chunk of 
the growth comes from volume, rather than just some price increases. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. 
Rahul Gajare: 
I just had one question. On this move of extending the implementation of CPCBIV, this will 
ensure that the company struggled with CPCB -- the inventory for a longer time? Or do you 
think these orders or the manufacturing that you've done, they are against firm orders that the 
company would have got? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The manufacturing will be done against firm orders. So back to back, whatever are the orders 
which are booked and in the pipeline, they will be produced. But we don't see any risk of 
inventory during this cycle because some of these products are also sold in other markets, in 
exports, etcetera. So as of now, we are not foreseeing any sort of inventory. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Sir, my second question is on the group announcement, where they were talking about investing 
$1 billion in India. Now you have indicated where they are looking at spending this money. But 
the listed entities, CIL is planning to invest almost INR300 crores to INR400-odd crores, which 
are the specific areas that CIL is planning to invest this money? And what is the kind of time 
duration that we are looking at over here? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Most of CIL investments are in introducing new products, to enter into new segments. Whether 
will be rail, whether it be mining, it be marine, export products, getting into battery-based 
systems. So most of the investment for CIL is mainly from growth projects. And limited amount 
is for sustenance capex, as we call it, where we are refurbishing older buildings, some buildings 
are 50-60 years old, so they have to be pretty much torn down and rebuild again. So some of 
those kinds of investments are also required moving forward. And we're also upgrading the 
whole bunch of factories to use better technology, use Internet of things, use the whole bunch of 
modern manufacturing methodology. 
So it's a combination of those areas. And then as we get into areas like rail, fuel cells, etcetera, 
those areas will also need some investments in the technology, in the development of the 
technology, in the execution of the technology, so those are the areas where I think the business 
entities will spend most of this investment money on in the future. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Is it fair to expect that 1/3 of this Cummins Group investment will be in the listed entities? Is 
that the right way to look at it? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
It's very difficult to exactly pinpoint that and say it's that. But certainly, Cummins India is cash 
rich company, and there is money on the balance sheet. So it is able to fund whatever investment 
it needs to help it grow. And our objective here is to try to get growth for the business. And so, 
whatever investment that the company needs to make to get that growth, I think we have all the 
resources to be able to do that, and we want to do it prudently. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So actually the question is regarding the working resolutions on related parties. And wherein we 
observed a significant increase in purchases from CTIPL and Tata Cummins. And we do 
understand about the new regulations regarding the increase in the quantity. So could you help 
us break that increase into what is the volume assumption you would have present in? And what 
is the increase in the cost of the newer content that is required in that business? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So Bhavin, I can't break it down exactly, but I can tell you is that the main supplier for 
some of our power gen products as well as for most of our industrial products in the construction 
market come from Tata Cummins. And as we migrate to CPCBIV+ and some of these newer 
technologies, the emission solutions, which were never part of CIL purposes also come to 
CTIPL. So those, I would say, are the biggest reasons, and the construction market is starting to 
heat up and become better. The power generation, we had record sales and purchases from those 
entities are in line with that increase in demand by the main company. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sorry to harp, because on CTIPL, from INR700 crores to a little over INR1,400 crores and with 
Tata Cummins from INR1,800 crores to about INR1,850 crores. So 100% increase, 50% 
increase. So the quantum was fairly significant... 
Ashwath Ram: 
Absolutely. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
If you total all of this, it was almost equivalent to the top line of the company. So the quantum, 
the share quantum was large. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. No, it's a fair point. It's just that as the technology changes, some of these technologies 
are made in those companies, and we have -- we use the best technology available in the market, 
and these companies happen to have that best technology. So it is appropriate that, when you go 
from no CPCB, no addition treatment to 100% emission treatment that, that business goes up by 
100%. So that's the logic behind why that has increased. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay. And what would be the end product increase? Would it be like 40%-odd plus? 
Ashwath Ram: 
It’s like we mentioned, its anywhere from 20% to 50% is the end products of the gensets, the 
prices have gone up. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay. The second, this was an observation from last year, where we saw a deceleration in sales 
of construction segment within the industrial. And correct me if I'm wrong -- because we saw 
Weichai starting and the share of the Chinese construction manufacturer is growing. So is it that 
we are using the Weichai engines and consequently Cummins and the Indian companies are 
losing share? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, there are -- companies from China have been selling in India and have increased their 
share in India. And certainly, as a market leader, we get most impacted by that kind of inroads 
that the Chinese companies make. But overall, when you look at our industrial business market 
share, we have been able to hold on to our market revenue. So you can argue that we should 
have gained market share, and we have not been able to do that, but we have held on to market 
share. But I am certainly seeing a lot more activity from China-based companies in India. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Just the last, within the industrial, we saw a very significant jump in the marine overseas, as last 
year. Could you just help us understand, was it some large order that -- because the jump was 
exponential? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. One is the launch of the new products and second is that we have also gotten back some 
share in the fishing trawler kind of market, where we had to develop some new products there, 
and that market was primarily catered to by branding manufacturers. So we have managed to get 
some share back in that sale. So I think there are more opportunities there, and we look forward 
to do even better in that space. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay. Great. And could you give us lastly, the outlook on the compressor side? That's been very 
volatile and as you said, there is a lot of cyclicality there? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think it's bottomed out and starting to at least come back a little bit. There's a lot of cyclicality 
in that market, depends on monsoons, depends on government spending brands. Certainly 
variables that we could be able to very accurately pretty -- I can say that our Q4 was probably 
the bottom there, and is now looking like it's starting to pick that up a little bit. So it's not at its 
peak yet, but at least it has been up from where it was -- from the bottom point. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Puneet from HSBC. 
Puneet: 
My question is, you've also talked about the genset demand on the gas compression engine. How 
big is that market and what is the share of those gas compression engines in your powergen 
demand? 
Ashwath Ram: 
As of now it's very low. It's less than 5%, primarily because, gas is not available. So this has 
always been the boogeyman in India for the last, I would say, now more than 15 years that gas 
is coming, gas is coming, and we have products, but gas prioritization for these applications is 
very, very low. So customers are not able to buy gas. So we do not see, at least for the next 3 or 
4 years, till that supply chain is sorted out by the government that this market for gas is going to 
be anything exciting. 
Puneet: 
And in terms of your CPCBIV engines, what is the extent of localization that we've been able to 
achieve? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, already greater than 80%, but we will continue the work to get to greater than 90%, which 
is our traditional average. There are many of the -- and the last 10% is almost impossible to do 
right now, because they all have to do with electronic, some of those kinds of parts which are 
not made in India at all. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Puneet: 
Okay. So in terms of margins, how should we think about the CPCBIV products? As the share 
goes up, should we be looking at lower gross margins or would you still be able to maintain 
32%... 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think we are trying to maintain or increase the margin, that's been our attempt with better 
products, with better technology with better features and capabilities. But we do not anticipate 
any reduction in margins, for we think we should be able to improve the margin. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Given that we'll have to produce and maintain inventory of both CPCBII and CPCBIV, is it fair 
to assume that for the next few months, maybe a couple of quarters, general inventory levels for 
us of raw material of parts, etcetera, will increase, or is that not going to be the case? 
Ashwath Ram: 
That is already the case because of the prebuy, that there is additional inventory in the channel 
and so certainly inventory levels for the next 2 quarters are likely to be higher than the historical 
average. But this typically happens at every transition cycle, and so we will bring it back to a 
regular optimized level after a couple of quarters. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Understood, sir. Sir, maybe just a related question. So we will be producing the CPCB II engines 
up till what, fourth quarter or it will be third quarter? Because after that, this goes away? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So most likely, we will attempt to -- right now, it's all based on booked orders, because we 
already have the booked orders, there is absolute clarity on what can be produced. So we will 
attempt to wrap up the CPCBII at least 1 quarter before the deadline, and then build all of that 
into inventory and then get our -- 100% of CPCBIV. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Ashwath, I just have 2 questions. First is, so in FY '24, what percentage of our power gen revenue 
will be effectively CPCBIV+ products, since you already have the clarity and booked orders, 
that's first? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The answer to that, is we think about anywhere from 15% to 20% is likely to be -- 15% to 25% 
is likely to be CPCBIV product at this stage. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Fair. And in your sourcing for CPCBIV+ products like FCI, etcetera, from Cummins entities, 
what percentage of that sourcing of the buildup material will be from Cummins versus CPCBII 
compliant entities? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think the only incremental component from Cummins compared to CPCBII are the emission 
treatment system, that's it. There's no other component that will come from Cummins. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Incremented. Third and last question quickly, sir. So yesterday, in parent results they've done 
very well on results, but did not increase the guidance. It's basically -- does it imply that exports 
for Cummins India in the second half this year and maybe part of next year might still be weak 
in terms of run rate that we've seen in the last 2 quarters? That's it, sir. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. And I think that -- as I explained earlier, we see some softening in the global market and 
which is why we maintain that we will -- the overall business, we will continue to grow it at a 
2x of GDP, and we will try to make up any shortfall we are seeing in exports, we'll try to make 
it up in the domestic business. But that does not mean that we are not pushing very aggressively 
to try to get more business out of exports as well. But based on the visibility that is available 
today and based on all the global markets being slightly uncertain, that's the best guidance we 
have. Certainly, our optimistic internal scenarios push us to do better than what we're indicating 
right now. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our last question from the line of Amit Anwani from Prabhudas Liladher. 
Amit Harichand Anwani: 
My question is related to -- we have been highlighting about the supply chain issue. And I think 
still a couple of quarters back, we lost on volumes also because of the shortage of supply chain. 
Any color you would like to throw on the situation right now and going ahead? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So despite supply chain problems, supply chain has been improving quarter-on-quarter, if 
you look at the last almost 3 quarters. Now of course, our aspirations are greater and we are 
pushing more products, we are trying to get market share. So all of those things mean that the 
pressure on the supply chain is more. So even though they're doing better every quarter, higher 
demand on them is even more. 
So where we are today, is that there are already a lot of investments that have been made, which 
take anywhere from 18 to 24 months to get ready. So some of those are already in the pipeline. 
We have enhanced capacity quite significantly with multiple suppliers. Our factories are running 
at 100% of the land capacity. So we are trying to do everything possible to try to keep getting 
better at delivering what demand is out there in the market. And I remain confident that despite 
all these challenges, we will continue to inch our way towards even better delivery of product. 
Amit Harichand Anwani: 
Sir, next question on the domestic side. So we saw the robust revenue because of the prebuying. 
Would you like to share on which user segments contributed significantly and how was the data 
center contribution and growth, if at all, this quarter? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So I was responding to the question about what's the breakup by segment. And what I'm 
saying is that, the traditional segments of data center of reality of pharmaceuticals or 
manufacturing of hospitality, pretty much across the board we have seen good demand in the 
powergen segment. But the breakup for the previous quarter is as following; low horsepower 
was INR103 crores, mid-range was INR273 crores, heavy-duty was INR111 crores and high 
horsepower INR387 crores. So yes, pretty good demand out there. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Anwani, does that answer your question? Your line is disconnected, sir. Please go ahead. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So I'd now like to make a closing comment. Thank you for your participation and active 
engagement today. As always you ask amazing questions and tough ones. Cummins India 
believes that the strong demand in the end markets will sustain. However, because of supply 
chain complexity, which we continue to work through, we remain cautiously optimistic about 
the short to medium-term demand outlook. With a strong balance sheet, world-class 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
infrastructure powered by manufacturing excellence and outstanding talent, we are confident of 
sustaining our growth trajectory. 
 
With this, I close this call. Have a great day and stay safe. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cummins India Limited and the leadership team, we would like to 
thank you for joining us today and making it an engaging session. We're ending the conference 
now, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
