 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 5039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2422 4484, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 7, 2023 and July 18, 2023. The Company had hosted 
an earnings conference call with investors and analyst on Tuesday, July 18, 2023 to discuss 
the performance of the Company for Q1 - FY2024. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for Q1 - FY2024. The 
same is also made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the meeting. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary  
ACS 18108 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
SONALI 
NITIN 
CHANDAK
Digitally signed by 
SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
Date: 2023.07.24 18:01:28 
+05'30'

 
1 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call 
Quarter ended June 30, 2023 (Q1-FY2024) 
July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Anup Bagchi, MD and CEO: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. Let me begin by highlighting 
the recent changes in our key managerial personnel. On behalf of the entire team at ICICI 
Prudential Life Insurance. I would like to express our heartfelt appreciation to Mr. Kannan 
for his exceptional leadership in scaling up the organization prudently and sustainably. 
We would also like to express our gratitude to Mr. Satyan Jambunathan, who served as 
our company's CFO, for his invaluable contribution to the growth and success of ICICI 
Pru Life. Satyan, he was a founding member, has decided to pursue early retirement after 
a remarkable career spanning two decades with us. I am pleased to announce that 
Dhiren Salian has been appointed as the CFO, effective May 18, 2023. Dhiren has been 
associated with the company for 20 years and has held various positions across 
functions within the Company. I would also like this opportunity to extend our best 
wishes to him in his new role. Dhiren is with me on this call. 
I also have on the call several other senior colleagues, Amit Palta, who heads distribution, 
brand marketing and products, Judhajit, who heads Human Resources, Customer Service 
and Operations, Deepak, who handles Audit, Legal, Risk and Compliance, Manish, our 
CIO, Souvik, our Appointed Actuary, and Dhiraj, our Chief Investor Relations Officer. Let 
me take you through some of the key developments during the quarter before moving on 
to our performance. 
Firstly, on the regulatory fund, IRDAI has extended the use and file mechanism towards 
launching new products that include Group Unit Linked Life and Health Insurance 
products as well as combi products where the life insurer takes the lead. Additionally, 
the approval process for new funds has also been simplified. These measures are aimed 
at providing insurers with greater flexibility to swiftly react to market dynamics and meet 
the evolving needs of the customers, thereby supporting IRDAI’s vision of insurance for 
all.  
Secondly, aligned with our customer-centric philosophy, we further strengthened our 
product portfolio in Q1-FY2024 by launching new products and funds that complement 
our offerings. iShield, this was launched in 2023 in partnership with ICICI Lombard, offers 
a comprehensive protection proposition that combines the benefits of life and health 
insurance under one umbrella. In addition, we launched ICICI Pru Protect and Gain, a 
protection-oriented unit life insurance product that addresses both the protection and 
savings need of the customers. We further strengthened our savings portfolio, with the 
addition of two new optional attachments, ICICI Pru Non-Linked Accidental Health and 
Disability Rider and ICICI Pru-Linked Accident Death and Disability Rider. Both are 
optional. 
These attachments provide additional protection against accidental death and disability 
and can currently be added to many of our products. We have also expanded our 
products of funds by adding constant maturity fund, a debt fund offered with our unit 
linked insurance plans. Against the backdrop of rising interest rates, this fund is suitable 
for customers looking for wealth preservation and tax efficient returns.  

 
3 
 
Thirdly, I am happy to inform you that during the quarter our Company was awarded 
with the ASSOCHAM Award for organizational excellence in the field of data science and 
analytics. Additionally, at Customer Fest Awards for 2023, our teams were honored with 
a slew of awards, namely Best Data Analytics Team, Best Use of Data and Insights in a 
Transformation Project, Best Use of Mobile to Enhance Customer Experience, and Best 
Data Enablement campaign in a loyalty program. Our Corporate Communications team 
was featured in the top 30 corporate communication teams for 2023 at India Inc, 
instituted by Reputation Today.  
I will now move on to discussing our Company's strategy and performance. We have 
uploaded the presentation on the stock exchanges and our website. You can refer to the 
same as we go through our performance. In FY 2023, we successfully accomplished our 
stated objective of doubling the 2019 VNB. This achievement was made possible through 
the meticulous execution of our 4P strategy, that is, protection growth, premium growth, 
persistency improvement and productivity enhancement. 
These 4P strategic elements will continue to play a crucial role in growth of our absolute 
VNB, while keeping customer centricity at the core of everything we do, along with 
integrating ESG with business management. Our very purpose of existence is to provide 
financial security to our customers and their families. We believe we are the trustees of 
the life savings entrusted to us by our customers in order to achieve their protection, 
health, retirement, and long-term savings goal. 
Our philosophy is to understand the latent needs of our customers and curate products 
that address the unique needs of diverse customer segments. We leverage digital and 
analytics capabilities to distribute our products through the most appropriate channels. 
Our goal is to provide a superior experience throughout the customer life cycle by 
following a diligent risk management framework. To ensure that we remain true to our 
philosophy and improve our performance across all the 4P strategic elements, we have 
a 4D framework which drives our 4P strategy. 
The elements of the 4D frameworks are data analytics, diversified propositions, 
digitalization and depth in partnerships, with focus on quality business in a risk-
calibrated manner. This framework will ensure products are aligned with the customer 
needs, are designed to meet those needs most effectively, are developed with the highest 
quality standards and are delivered through the most appropriate channels. 
Also, this framework will help us provide simplified and hassle-free processes to our 
customers across the product lifecycle. The framework has been detailed in slide 5 of the 
presentation. The first element of the 4D framework is data analytics. Over a period, we 
have built significant analytics capabilities that help us to provide better value to our 
customers and partners. We have leveraged data and information to help us improve 
our various processes, such as distribution operations, etc, and to identify new growth 
opportunities. 
We understand that customers expect seamless and personalized experience and data 
analytics plays a crucial role in making this a reality. We have therefore invested in 
machine learning and artificial intelligence to provide tailor-made insurance solutions to 
our customers. Our analytical capabilities help us to identify customers through machine 
learning based segmentation across demographics and customer behavior, create 

 
4 
 
geographic clusters and position appropriate products in those geographic clusters. With 
data sciences and analytics, we aim to reduce barriers and points of friction in the entire 
process that prevent customers from buying life insurance. 
These capabilities are also extended to our partners to help identify opportunities to 
cross-sell our products. Further, machine learning models are enabling us to improve 
persistency, streamline claims and bolster our risk management practices. Through AI, 
we analyze customer sentiments to improve the overall customer satisfaction. The 
details of our extensive deployment of analytics capabilities are set out in slide 36 to 38. 
Further, our analytics team’s awards during the quarter are a testimony to our constant 
efforts in deploying extensive data analytics. 
The second element of the 4D framework is diversified propositions. Over the years, our 
customer's product strategy has been focused on expanding the product suite and 
continuously providing innovative propositions to our customers. This approach ensures 
that our products are suitable and accessible to a wider range of customers spread 
across customer segments, age, affluence and other demographic aspects, enabling us 
to serve a large market effectively. Further, the continuously recalibrates is product 
offerings to align with the evolving need of customers. This proactive approach has 
allowed us to effectively navigate the changing landscape and ensure that our products 
remain relevant and impactful. Building on this approach in Q1, 2024, we have 
successfully launched new products and fund offerings.  
Moving on to the third element, that is digitalization. Together with our customer first 
philosophy, as a company we realized very early that digitalization would be a 
differentiator in times to come. We use technology to help us make life insurance 
accessible and an empowering experience for customers. As a part of that belief, we 
were one of the first life insurance companies to begin our digital transformation journey 
way back in 2012.  
Across the customer life cycle, starting from policy purchase to claim settlement / 
maturity, digitalization has underpinned our journey. Our endeavor is to create simplified 
and hassle-free processes for our customers. We have fully digitalized our pre-sales, 
onboarding, issuance, and servicing processes. Through digitalization, we have 
empowered our customers or servicing aspects, including self-service, renewals and 
quick payment systems. 
More than 99% of all our policies issued are logged digitally. Further, our digital platform 
has been extended to employees and partners too. We have been leveraging digital tools 
to strengthen our sales digital capabilities. We empower our partners with customer 
centric digital support across their processes with a very clear focus on ease of doing 
business and creating a better customer experience. Few examples of the digital support 
including our own technological capabilities to identify customer opportunities within 
partner database, utilizing our demand generation tools to enhance partner productivity 
and leveraging digital onboarding to reduce issuance time. As we look forward, we will 
continue to reimagine all our processes to leverage the ever-changing digital ecosystem 
and continue to provide a better experience to all our stakeholders.  
Moving on to the fourth element, that is depth in partnerships. Distribution in life 
insurance business is a critical link that bridges the gap between the products and the 

 
5 
 
customers. We have made significant strides in expanding our distribution reach by 
onboarding additional partners and investing in our own proprietary channels. The 
natural advantage that it gives us is access to a heterogeneous set of customer basis 
that spans across geographies, demographics, age and affluence. We believe that to 
have a sustained competitive advantage, we need to equip our partners to grow their 
overall insurance business and we continue to focus on increasing the depth of our 
customers in distributors base. 
We extensively work with our partners to deep mine the customer opportunities while 
remaining focused on the quality parameters. We empower our partners with a suite of 
digital tools to help them position life insurance more effectively and in a more holistic 
manner. We support them by integrating the ecosystem for easy onboarding of 
customers and post-sales service and building capacity by training partner employees in 
products and processes. This entire 4D framework has been put in place by keeping in 
mind our core objective to deliver quality business in a risk calibrated manner. Our risk 
management framework sets out the risk that we are prepared to accept, given the 
expected risk, rewards and consistency with strategic objectives and those risks for 
which we have no tolerance and want to avoid. 
We regularly monitor our experience in respect of insurance risk, that is mortality, 
morbidity, persistency and expense, and take actions to ensure that our emerging 
experience is consistent with our expectation. We minimize our investment risk by 
following a prudent investment philosophy. Our investments are made with regard to 
nature and term of liabilities. We have a low exposure to interest rate guaranteed 
products, and we hedge the risk for these products. We continue to diversify our product 
and distribution mix to avoid any excessive concentration risk in the business. To 
summarize, the diligent and prudent risk management framework we operate on is 
reflected in our strong and resilient balance sheet.  
Moving on to the key quarterly performance highlights for Q1-FY2024 presented in slide 
6. Our VNB for Q1-FY2024 stood at ₹ 4.38 billion with a margin of 30%. Our total APE 
stood at ₹ 14.61 billion for Q1-FY2024. We have witnessed a very strong growth 
momentum in our retail APE from non-ICICI bank channels in the month of May and June. 
Amit will talk in detail later during the call. Our protection APE stood at ₹ 3.44 billion in 
Q1-FY2024 on account of strong retail protection growth of 61.8% year-on-year. Our 
persistency improved significantly across all cohorts. 
Our 13-month persistency stood at 86.4% and 49-month persistency stood at 64.7%. 
Our cost to TWRP ratio for savings lines of business stood at 18.8% in Q1-FY2024. I will 
now hand it over to Amit to talk to you through our results on 4P strategic elements, after 
which Dhiren will take you through the financial highlights. Thank you and over to you to 
Amit. 
Amit Palta, CDO: 
Thank you Anup. Good afternoon everyone. I will now talk about performance update for 
Q1-FY2024, through the elements of the 4P strategy. Starting with the premium growth 
element from slide 7 to 12. We have used a two-pronged strategy to drive premium 
growth. First, investing in building existing channels and widening the distribution to 

 
6 
 
maintain a diversified distribution mix. And second, continuing to strengthen our product 
portfolio to address changing consumer preference in a dynamic economic environment. 
As you can see on slide 8, on the distribution front, we have continued to invest across 
channels. 
Our strategy in the agency channel is to leverage on strong relationship of agents with 
customers, while we provide institutional support to agents in terms of data analytics 
and processes. We continue to build capacity and have added more than 7,400 agents 
during Q1 spread across geographies. 
Within the bank and non-bank channel, we continue to add new partnerships and 
increase share of shop in the existing partnerships. We now have a total of 39 bank 
partnerships and more than 950 non-bank partnerships with addition of 49 non-bank 
partners during Q1. As you can see on slide 9 for the quarter, our APE excluding ICICI 
bank grew by 3.7% Y-o-Y. 
Agency for the quarter grew by 4.4%. However, we have witnessed a strong growth of 
20% in May and 23% in June 2023. Direct business grew by 28.5% year on year, 
partnership distribution grew by 7.7% year on year, and APE excluding ICICI bank retail 
business witnessed strong growth momentum of 20% in May and 21% in June, 2023. As 
you can see from slide 10, we have a comprehensive suite of products. Also as mentioned 
by Anup, we continue to strengthen our product portfolio to address changing consumer 
preference in a dynamic economic environment. As you can see from slide 11, our APE 
for quarter one stood at ₹ 14.61 billion. 
Our APE from savings business stood at ₹ 11.17 billion for quarter. And we continue to 
maintain a very diversified product mix with quarter one APE contribution from linked 
savings business at 38.8%, non-linked savings at 27.7%, protection at 23.5%, annuity at 
6.2%, and the balance 3.8% coming from group saving products. As you can see from 
slide 12, we are very diversified in terms of distribution mix and product mix, which allows 
us to manage the impact of the external environment and respond swiftly to shifting 
consumer preferences.  
Another important focus area for us is to serve the life protection needs of the customer. 
On this aspect, let me talk about the second P, which is protection growth on slide 14. 
With an APE of ₹ 3.44 billion, the overall protection segment saw year-on-year growth 
of 4.2%, leading to a business mix of 23.5% in the quarter. The retail production business 
registered a strong year-on-year growth of 61.8% to ₹ 1.1 billion. Our total new business 
summer assured stood at ₹ 2.4 trillion for quarter and a growth of 8.8% year-on-year. 
Our total sum assured stood at ₹ 30.41 trillion as on June 30th, 2023. 
Coming to our third P, which is Persistency Improvement, it is presented on slide 16. We 
continue to have a strong focus on improving the quality of business and customer 
retention, which is reflected in the significant improvement in persistency ratios across 
all cohorts. We would like to highlight here that our 13-month persistency ratio improved 
to 86.4% and our 49th month persistency ratio improved to 64.7%. 
Now moving on to fourth P, which is productivity enhancement, which is presented on 
slide 18. Our total expenses grew by 21.9% year on year. The expenses are higher as 
compared to the same period last year on account of continued investment and capacity 

 
7 
 
creation to support future growth. Our overall cost to total weighted received premiums 
stood at 27.7% and cost to TWRP ratio for the savings business at 18.8% for the quarter. 
Even with the cost increase, our cost to average assets under management has been 
stable at 2.3%. Through the 4P strategy of premium growth, protection business, 
persistency improvement and productivity enhancement, our objective remains the same 
to increase the absolute value of new business. 
I will now hand it over to Dhiren to talk you through the outcome of 4P strategy and 
financial update for quarter one 2024. 
Dhiren Salian, CFO: 
Thank you, Amit. Good afternoon. I will now take you through some of the financial 
metrics. We continue to maintain a strong and resilient balance sheet as presented in 
slide 19. We have evaluated insurance risks and mortality experience, and they are 
within our expectations, and we will continue to monitor them closely. On credit risk, only 
0.2% of our fixed income portfolio is invested in bonds rated below AA, and we continue 
to maintain a track record of not having a single NPA since our inception. 
Of our total liabilities, 74.7% of liabilities largely pass on market performance to 
customers. We continue to closely monitor our liquidity and ALM positions, and we have 
no issues to report. As a result of our 4P strategy, the VNB for quarter one was ₹ 4.38 
billion. Given our APE of ₹ 14.61 billion, the resultant VNB margin was 30% for quarter 
one. 
Coming to the financial update as presented in slide 21, our profit after tax grew by 
32.7% year on year from ₹ 1.56 billion in Q1 last year to ₹ 2.07 billion this quarter. Our 
assets under management stood at ₹ 2.6 trillion and our solvency ratio continued to be 
strong at over 203% at June 30th. To summarize, we will continue to make progress 
against the 4P framework of premium growth, protection business growth, persistency 
improvement and productivity enhancement. We expect that our performance in these 
aspects will translate into our objective to grow Absolute VNB. 
Before concluding the call, I would also like to share that during the quarter, we released 
our FY23 annual report, which was themed “Delivery on Promises and Delivering 
Sustainable Growth”. Along with that, we also released a standalone ESG report, which 
articulates our approach and outcomes of our efforts towards sustainability. The 
integrated reporting structure prescribed by the International Integrated Reporting 
Council has been followed for developing the Annual Report. 
Thank you, and we're now happy to take any questions you may have. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
We have our first question from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Suresh Ganapathy: Yes, thanks. Okay, my first question is to Anup. Anup, it's been 
maybe a couple of months for you as the CEO. You know what, in your assessment, I 
know it is still early days, what do you think are the areas of improvement or what are 

 
8 
 
the gaps that you have identified? That's my first question. And of course, related to that, 
how well do you plan to leverage the ICICI Bank distribution channel? 
Is there a change in mindset with respect to distribution of products by them? How do 
you plan to leverage that network? That's the first question. And the second question, 
maybe Dhiren can take it. What explains the sharp rise in expense ratios and the fall in 
margins this quarter, despite a sharp pickup in protection APE? Overall, APE was down, 
but still opex is high. So just the clarity on these two questions. Thank you so much. 
Anup Bagchi: Thank you, Suresh. So I'll just answer your two questions, the area of 
improvement and ICICI Bank. First of all, I must say that the team here is very good. 
Kannan has left a very good balance sheet, very sound and prudent balance sheet. So 
there is really nothing really to worry on those points at all. The other thing of 
transformation is largely complete and the transformation by way of diversification of 
products and diversification of channels is also largely complete. 
There is no area of improvement. The area of focus certainly will be growth because as 
you know our margins you know where last year was at 31% this year it is 30% so on 
margin we are you know at the top decile or top quartile of the market. The real driver of 
VNB, our stance will be towards to get it through growth rather than the margins. And 
so to activate many of our channels which are 18 months old and 24 months old and so 
they are not really fully mature in the sense that our share of shop in those channels we 
can improve. 
We can help them through data analytics, understanding, co-understanding of their own 
client base, making sure that we are able to train them on the most suitable products, 
ensuring that during the login stage that we are able to help and support them, so that 
you know both of us generate good business. That is really the area of focus. Not really 
area of improvement but I'll say area of focus. And I must also say that the team here is 
very very good and fully aligned to this objective. As you know we have been focusing 
on getting the transformation bit right. And successfully. I will say that in four years, the 
VNB was doubled in absolute amount. But the driver of that was margin, more than APE 
growth. And so now with the Bank, in a way, the contribution of the Bank coming on the 
lower side, all other channels will now start to or must start to show up on growth.  
Now, as far as Bank is concerned, I must say that Bank has two distinct roles. One as a 
shareholder, one as a distributor. As a shareholder, they are a fantastic shareholder. They 
are extremely supportive, both ICICI Bank as well as Prudential. But in the context of 
distribution also, because Prudential is not a distributor, ICICI Bank also is a distributor 
for us. They are focused on protection and annuity. And that is something that is up to 
them as a distributor. What is their role in distribution. Our plans largely are, now 
because it's a small proportion and contribution is lower for ICICI Bank, we can get our 
growth primarily from all other channels as well. In Bank, it is vulnerable, but it is really 
up to the Bank to respond to that question. Over to you, Dhiren. 
Dhiren Salian: Hi, Suresh. So some of the larger contributors of expense growth are 
manpower costs, which of course, additional people that we have on the ground to be 
able to activate some of our newer channels and some other elements around 
distribution costs, which are fundamentally on the advertising and sales costs. But also, 

 
9 
 
I think when you look at the VNB, you are aware the way we look at it is more from a full 
year perspective of where we expect costs to be. 
And so when we look at the VNB, you'll see that largely it is driven by the inter-se product 
mix profile that has been shifting. What you can see is somewhat traditional perspective, 
you are aware that there is 5 lakh cases. There are the taxation aspects that have come 
through on the 1st of April. So within the traditional pool, we still have drop away from 
the higher ticket sizes. 
For non-linked guaranteed portfolio, to some level, that has gone across to the 
participating side, which have picked up quite smartly. And from another level, we're 
seeing some signs of moving towards the unit-linked side. So while you are right, at one 
level, we have got growth in retail protection, there are some contrasting elements that 
have come through overall. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: I will start up with your point on investing into newer channels. So you 
have 39 bank partners. Could you give us an understanding about what would be your 
share in banks outside of ICICI bank? And how do you plan to grow here? Because 26 of 
these partners have been there for more than 2 years. So how are you planning to grow 
the channel going forward? That's one. 
Next, on the agency side, that has been a strong growth driver for you. But from a 
productivity perspective, your agents -- the new business premium for agents is still at 
the lower end compared to the industry. So how do you plan to grow that? What are the 
steps that you are taking? If you could shed some light on that. But when I look at your 
RWRP and compare that to the individual APE, your RWRP comes out to ₹ 10.6 billion 
whereas your individual APE is ₹ 11.7 billion. So if you could help me understand what's 
driving the difference between these two lines, it could be very helpful? 
Anup Bagchi: Yes. So Amit, will you just take those questions? And then... 
Amit Palta: Yes, so I'll comment here. Let me start with share of business with our new 
bank partners. So if you were to look at new partnerships that we have stitched over a 
period of last 18 to 24 months, we saw a huge traction of business, which was driven 
through tax scarcity that we witnessed in Jan, Feb, March, specifically during March. 
And we saw some part of the business pulled into last quarter of last year. And hence, 
there was generally overall slowdown, which was witnessed not just in bank partners 
but also in some non-bank partnerships as well, which spanned across corporate agency 
and broker. But the good news is that while overall pie may have shrunk because of early 
half of the quarter, the remaining half of the quarter actually we have seen the growth 
coming back. So overall pie has started to grow in the second half of the quarter. 
And our share of business actually has incrementally grown across all our large 
partnerships. So from where we were to where we are, of course, delta here could be 
different from partner-to-partner. But in a large number of our partnerships, we have 
seen our share growing even though the overall pie was kind of static. So that is the 

 
10 
 
status on all the bank partnerships, not just bank partnership but extending this 
argument to even other multi-insurer area of partnerships that we have. So that is one 
thing, one area I would like to just articulate. 
Second point, you spoke about agency productivity. So now I would understand that 
probably the way you are calculating agency productivity is on the total number of 
agents, total business done divided by total number of agents. So if you recollect that for 
a long period of time in the past, we were actually not terminating advisors. So as you 
know, the advisors, over a period of time, they hold on to the insurance business, they 
continue in insurance business and large number of advisors also kind of stop doing 
insurance after they have exhausted their natural market. So even after they have 
exhausted their natural market, we tend to stay away from terminating these advisors. 
And hence, they are reflecting in the pool.  
What is most important is agency distribution while calculating productivity is to see our 
manageability of these advisers. And this manageability of advisers, we used to look at 
3,000-odd unit managers, who used to manage these advisers. Now that manageability, 
we have improved over a period of last 12 to 15 months by increasing our unit manager 
capacity from 3,000 to almost 4,000, which is almost like adding capacity of 33%. 
So if you look at productivity of the units, that we have seen significantly growing over a 
period of last 2 to 3 years. In between, there was a period during COVID when we 
refrained from adding this capacity, as you know, that this is direct addition to our cost. 
But however, whatever investment that we have done in the last 15 months or so, we 
are starting to see the results already. 
As we speak in Q1, we can clearly attribute some 4% to 5% of our top line in agency 
being contributed by the capacity that we have built over a period of last 12 to 15 
months, which means that at an early gestation period, if you were to look at low vintage 
pool of our units to contribute 5% to 7% of our top line is quite significant. And as we go 
deep into the year, we expect this capacity to deliver anywhere close to around 15% to 
18% of our business as we have planned anyway in the agency business. 
Dhiren Salian: So Supratim, your third question was the divergence between what is 
RWRP and APE. That can come through if there are, let us say, non-annual modes that 
have been written. Of course, they do not show up in RWRP. It will show up in APE. 
Supratim Datta: Sorry, yes, it's non-annual what? I could not get that. 
Dhiren Salian: Monthly mode policy. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: A couple of questions. First one is if I just try to look within protection 
and we can see, on the group side, I mean, there had been sort of a decline. And it could 
have been, given the kind of a retail credit growth, it can largely be into the GTI where 
you are seeing decline. Can you just help us sort of because you are pretty kind of a 
dominant player in this market. So how has been the market? 

 
11 
 
And what has been the reason behind sort of your growing cost or withdrawing accounts 
on some parts of the GTI market? So that's number one. Second question, a bit continuing 
from what Mr. Bagchi said on sort of things being in place and growth being sort of top 
of the agenda that sort of -- if you can just help, I mean, if I look back at the 4 years, you 
had your VNB at -- absolute VNB growth flat. 
If you were to look ahead with the 4% growth, what sort of a relative or absolute growth 
of kind of range or experience you have for the medium-term? And related to that, I mean, 
your direct has been growing already strongly this quarter. Is the sort of that is driven by 
retail protection growth? Or it's the other way? I mean, how sustainable is this direct 
channel growth? 
Dhiren Salian: So Avinash, let me take out those questions. Within the group protection, 
there are two parts of it. There is credit life and there is group term, which is employer-
employee. Now the credit life continues to grow. But if you recall our earlier conversations 
on group term, which is the employer-employee space, if you recall that we actually had 
higher prices which was an offshoot of COVID pricing that was still remnant in last year 
and a portion of last year's business. As you are renewing business this year, all those 
COVID loadings have gone away. So to that extent, there is a challenge in staying in the 
same place. While even though we're doing much better in terms of closures, the 
absolute premium, therefore, is a little challenged to that extent. But as you go through 
the year, we expect this to wash away. That's at one level.  
In terms of what we are starting to see in terms of VNB from a medium-term perspective, 
clearly as Anup pointed out earlier, the profile shift in terms of the product has actually 
happened towards last full year. And going forward, I don't think there's going to be a 
large shift in the product profile, which means we are not seeking to grow VNB through 
margin. We seek to grow VNB primarily from APE growth. And to that extent, some of 
the trends that you could see over this last quarter, particularly when you look at the 
month of May and June, you'll see sequential growth plus you'll see strong year-on-year 
growth. In fact, in the month of June, we had a double-digit growth in APE for that month. 
So clearly, we see good movement and strong movement in terms of APE. Where we 
should end up, I think would be a function of two key segments, one, of course, how does 
savings actually pan out over the next full year. There are, of course, these transient 
elements in terms of the taxation aspect that will possibly impact it. But as we had 
mentioned before, we kind of expect to see that wash away as we look to the full year. 
Of course, environment factors will continue in terms of macro. But we'll have to see how 
that pans out through the year. Fundamentally, we don't think that this is going to be a 
drag. I think more from a medium-term perspective, there is expectation that savings 
business will continue to grow in terms of a nominal GDP. What can be quicker is 
obviously in terms of protection and more specifically in terms of retail protection. You've 
seen those green shoots come through. We've been speaking about this for the past few 
quarters. And now as you see the strong growth of 62% year-on-year for the quarter, I 
think it gives us a lot of comfort to say that the entire sales distribution team has 
understood that this is the new way of doing business. And that is actually seen through 
not just in sales but in terms of the back-end operations team as well. So I think we are 
in a far better position today than what we were even 18 months back. 

 
12 
 
And from that perspective, from the medium term, we will see how this evolves. We've 
always held that from a protection perspective, from a retail protection perspective, it's 
not just a few years in terms of the trajectory, we think it's a multi-decade opportunity. 
And we continue to hold on to that view. 
Amit Palta: Now just to add, see today, business in retail other than ICICI is now close 
around 87% of our business. And from this 87% of our business retail part grew by ~20% 
in May, grew at ~20% in June. So that gives us comfort Avinash that, even if ICICI stays 
where it is, I think 87% of the business will help us be in line with the industry growth. 
And we will allow customer preferences to dictate how the margin will pan out. But 
overall, on APE growth aspirations, I think we are in a better position now with 87% of 
the portfolio already exhibiting the most recent growth trends of May and June. 
Coming to one more question you had on direct business, yes, we do have an upside on 
direct channel. As you know, direct channel proprietary sales force, is largely looking at 
upsell opportunities within the existing customer base of ours. We'll continue to use our 
deep analytics to identify spaces, how we can leverage in a dynamic environment, where 
tax benefits was going away. And we'll capitalize on our ability to reach out to our 
existing customers with alternate propositions are fastest. 
So you have the advantage of direct channel being fastest to get this proposition going 
to our customers. And that is something that we are seeing in the conversions. This has 
also given us the cues to create enablement through our partnership intermediary 
businesses as well. I do believe that this is sustainable, not just on upsell, but we are 
looking at going beyond upsell and explore some of the strategic segments that we can 
address through our proprietary sales force, which is part of direct. 
And also, as you know, the direct business also comprises our ability to cross-sell through 
our digital assets, which is our website and application. We continue to improve our 
customer experience at our website as well as application. And of course, we'll explore 
opportunities around our partners to see how we can leverage their digital assets as well. 
So it looks quite sustainable in nutshell if I were to tell you. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived 
Portfolio Managers. 
Prakash Kapadia: My questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: So I wanted get a better sense of why are our other bank channels in 
Q1, if you look at that segment, they have been flattish. In fact, there has been a decline 
of about 0.5%. So what is sort of hindering growth over there? And maybe if you could 
let us know or tell us about, what is our counter share in some of our major bank partners 
and whether growth will be driven more by the channel growth itself? Or are we looking 
at increasing our share? Some color over there will be helpful? 
Amit Palta: Yes, so Madhukar, I answered this question previously as well. Let me brief, 
just reiterate once again. Growth has looked flattish for the quarter, actually returned to 

 
13 
 
growth in the month of June. They are close to around 6% to 7% of our growth. That is 
bank partnership beyond ICICI. And like I mentioned, multi-insurer banks as well as CABR 
partners did see a huge scaleup on traction built around tax scarcity in the month of 
March. And hence, we cannot rule out some part of the demand being pulled into March. 
And hence, we saw some impact of that in the first half of the quarter. So overall pie at 
these banks was relatively constrained. 
But, however, our share at these shops still continued to increase. I can't give specific 
numbers around partnerships. But all I can say is it was quite significant in terms of 
overall growth in the share of our business. And we believe that with growth returning 
in the second half of the quarter, we hold onto current share and probably will gain 
having picked our market share up in the second half. So that is what I would like to 
articulate here. 
Madhukar Ladha: Understood. Just a follow-up on the ICICI banking channel, I think Mr. 
Bagchi clearly mentioned that the decision of what they want to sell lies with them. 
Having said that, what is your expectation in terms of numbers from there? Do you think 
that this channel, which made about INR1,200 crores last year in business, does it -- has 
it plateaued? Or will it decline further from here? What are you guys building in when you 
make your business plans? 
Anup Bagchi: So this is Anup here. So today, the proportion of ICICI Bank is small. So to 
that extent, I see it as a positive thing in the sense that 85% to 87%, we have full control 
of growing. And the balance, 13% to 15%, that is on ICICI Bank as to what their stance 
is. But they have said that the two products or two categories that they would be focused 
on will be protection and annuity. 
Our plans essentially are not so much dependent on ICICI Bank now. So ours is an 
independent plan based on other channels. And on the other channels, we are very 
clearly seeing that these are all 18 months - 24 months old channels. The share of shop 
there is increasing. And wherever we have done partner workshops and we have put out 
strategy, clearly there is a good acceptance of that. We certainly want to be the partner 
of choice for all our partners. 
And we would want to help them do more and more of these businesses. In many cases, 
we have seen that the absolute penetration of customers, that is customers policy divided 
by the customer base is all less than 1%; 0.5% somewhere, 1.5%, 2%. And it is 
inconceivable that only 0.5% or 1% would be wanting this kind of -- or that  insurance 
product would be suitable to only 1% of the customer base. 
And to that extent, what we have to really work hard is to move the penetration up and 
also show value to the partner that by selling an insurance product, which is a long-term 
product, in a good way. That is with high persistency indeed increases the stickiness of 
the customers with the partners. And long-term stickiness of the partners is really helping 
in their other products as well, particularly in banking. 
And that is the value that we will, with our full data analytics, we would want to 
demonstrate to them and keep increasing our share, number one, of the existing business 
that they do, but we will also help them create new drivers of business for their insurance 

 
14 
 
businesses, which is going to help us. So that is going to be the approach in general from 
our side. 
Madhukar Ladha: Sir, but I understand that it's up to ICICI Bank as to how much business 
they want to do. But what do you think? What is sort of your expectation of growth from 
ICICI Bank? 
Anup Bagchi: As a manufacturer, well all manufacturers think that distributors should 
do good business. So our expectation also is that if ICICI Bank does well, we will only be 
very happy. 
Amit Palta: Just to give you a quick sense, Madhukar. In the businesses that they have 
chosen to prioritize, ICICI Bank is already on a growth path. So to that extent, in 
protection, ICICI Bank is on a good double-digit growth. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Prithvish Uppal from AMSEC. 
Prithvish Uppal: So just firstly, wanted to understand the retail protection growth has 
been quite strong for us for this quarter. And even sequentially, we've been more or less 
at a similar kind of run rate. So what channels has this been driven by? And second is 
have you seen an increase in policy count in retail protection as well? 
Or is it more driven by sum assured being -- like a greater amount of sum assured being 
purchased? So that would be my first question. Second is, if you could just highlight what 
could possibly be the average ticket size in your non-par segment during the quarter 
compared to probably, say, last year and possibly even how much the policy count has 
grown. So these are the first two questions and then I'll come back for a follow-up. 
Anup Bagchi: Yes, Amit, you want to? And Dhiren, you want to? 
Dhiren Salian: Prithvish, in terms of policy counts for retail protection, of course, there's 
been an improvement. It's not just the ticket size angle, it's also a policy count aspect 
there. So yes, the uptick actually has been on more number of cases being sold. And this 
is actually quite broad-based. It's not just one or two channels. Of course, at a point in 
time, you might see some shift across from one to another. But it's a broad-based effort 
that has been going on across all channels through the year. 
And we start to see that in this particular quarter as well. In terms of the ticket size as 
you mentioned for non-par, I think we're seeing it broadly stable and it is trending 
downwards. Because of course, we don't have the more than 5 lakh cases in the same 
quantum that we had last time. But as you also have read, the total cases over 5 lakh 
was not that large for us as a company. So to that extent, we are not worried. And more 
importantly, I think we're starting to see some migration away from non-linked more than 
5 lakh towards the unit-linked pool, which means we're not losing the customer. We're 
able to offer them something else as they come and approach us. 
Anup Bagchi: Also, just to add on, on the retail protection side, essentially there are four 
things that you're required to do. One is on the KYC side. Second one is income 
estimation, that is in general for life insurance policy. Third is health. And fourth, more 
and more and more, if you want to do preapproved sum assured kind of products for 

 
15 
 
retail protection, you would then want to only take it essentially as a question-answer, 
then customers give information. And so the fourth element becomes a critical thing, how 
do you establish authenticity of the information. 
Because it's later on during the claims, if the information given doesn't turn out to be fully 
right, then there could be an issue on the claim, which is something that no insurance 
company would want to do, because we are there to give claims for good customers. 
And now if you see over the last 3, 4, 5 years, many of the things either are fully 
digitizable. KYC is fully digitizable. Better and better income estimation models are 
coming in. Better and better health models are coming in and with better path labs, etce. 
So that ecosystem is also developing. 
And if you go towards preapproved sum assured, there also, on the authenticity of data, 
there are other markers that you can bring in to get more authenticity of data. So actually 
more and more and more, we see that the congestion levels on the protection, if it is 
brought down, we are also seeing a shift in the society where in the demand for 
protection is coming, albeit for a certain segments of customers. 
So when there is a demand, if you are able to then streamline the processes of meeting 
the demand through decongested processes without trading off risk and prudence, this 
is a business of growth. And this is a business that we will certainly be focused on. We 
are focused on this business and we will continue to be focused on this business. And 
this is a good business to be in. It is margin accretive. It is good for customers. It increases 
policy count. And it indeed is what insurance companies, life insurance companies 
particularly, we all strive to do more and more and more of that. 
Prithvish Uppal: Okay, sir. Thanks, sir. Well understood. Coming to… 
Moderator: Gopal, I request you to join back the queue, sir. Thank you. We have our next 
question from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Investment Managers. Please go 
ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: Hi, thanks for giving me this opportunity. I had two questions. So my 
first question is, within protection we have, this employer-employee type of questions. 
So just wanted to understand as of today, what is our share of, like what is the 
percentage of premium that comes in this segment? And from a long-term perspective, 
do we see this as strategic to us or this is more of a tactical business, wherein where the 
pricing is right, we could consider it but it's not core to ICICI Pru? 
And my second question is your opening remarks had mentioned that, your guaranteed 
product is not very large as a share of business, so if we just quantify how much comes 
from this interest rate guaranteed business. And just another question here is that, some 
of our peers have a larger share of business coming from this category. And they claim 
that, they are able to hedge it quite well. So what would explain our hesitation in growing 
this business to a larger percentage, more closer to what our peers are doing today? 
Anup Bagchi: Yes, Dhiren, you can take this. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, hi Anirudh. So in terms of the group term business, some of the 
improvement in protection share that you've seen over the past few years has come 

 
16 
 
through group term. So to think of it as a one-off and a tactical move, I think is the wrong 
way. We've fundamentally been able to establish our position quite well in the group 
term market, because we've been investing in our group sales business for the past 
many, many years. And so we've held these relationships all this while, especially in the 
period of COVID, when there weren't that many companies quoting to clients. We were 
the ones who were willing to quote and quote appropriately. Of course, COVID was an 
evolving scenario at that time and we were able to correct prices as they went through. 
Fundamentally, this is part and parcel of our strategic element. I don't think we are 
treating this as a one off in that aspect.  
Coming to your second question that you called out, fundamentally, the way we look at 
the non-par guaranteed business is that, at the core of it, it caters to the mass affluent 
customer, which means that, there is adjacency between the participating and the non-
participating business. There may be shifts between these two businesses depending 
upon the interest rate environment, but fundamentally they would cater to the similar set 
of consumers, which is why we have called them out as traditional business in our 
disclosures. 
Of course, what also happened over the past couple of years is that, given the interest 
rate cycle and the steepness of the yield curve, there were of course some element of 
pickup that has come in from affluent customers. But that was a transient part. And as 
you see the new taxation rules, there is of course some hesitancy that will come in from 
that particular set. Even though we think that from a long term perspective, these sets of 
products, even above INR5 lakhs, even if being taxed completely do make a lot of sense 
because they do take away reinvestment risk. So from the assets available that the 
customer may be able to invest money in, this should definitely form part of their portfolio.  
Coming to your third question, whether we're able to hedge it, I think we've been very, 
very categorical. The reason, we did not step into this market four years back was 
because of the lack of hedging instruments. As instruments were made available 
primarily through FRAs, we grew that business quite well. We run a very, very tight 
strategy in terms of hedging, and we also run a tight strategy in terms of re-pricing. That 
is how we've been able to manage any residual risk that comes out of this book. 
And it's extremely important to recognize that this particular book has to be managed 
tightly from a hedging perspective, because world over insurance companies have gone 
down for mismanaging interest rate risk. I don't think insurance companies have gone 
down from a mortality risk perspective. So this is a portion that we have been watching 
extremely closely, and we continue to work on that. When we mentioned that a small 
portion of the book comes in from this pool, it's obviously from the overall book and not 
just the incremental segment, Anirudh.  
Amit Palta: Yes, Anirudh, just one thing I wanted to clarify. Over the period of last few 
years, our effort has been to be most comprehensive product provider, which takes care 
of consumer preference changes that may happen because of the environment change. 
So once we complete the product portfolio, which could be, within savings, linked, non-
linked, within linked, it is equity, debt, balanced, within non-linked, it is participating or 
non-participating. We allow the environment to take over and consumer preference to 
eventually decide what they want to buy. 

 
17 
 
After that, we don't carry a bias against any one category of products. We allow it to 
play out the way it is. And we build capabilities over a period of time to adjust to that. 
And that is exactly what we did, when we saw an opportunity on guaranteed side. We 
adjusted our capability to deliver on what consumer preference was. And that's when 
the hedging opportunity came, and we capitalized and converted and catered to the 
consumer preference change.  
Anirudh Shetty: Got it. And would it be possible to quantify how much of our premium 
in Q1 FY ‘24 comes from this guaranteed products and how much comes from this 
employer-employee protection? 
Dhiren Salian: No, we've not called those numbers out. And at one level, like I explained 
earlier, the way we look at the traditional book is fundamentally because of the fact that, 
this caters to a different set of consumers. And the inter-se mix between the two can 
vary at points in time depending upon the rate cycle. 
Anirudh Shetty: Okay, no problem. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Anirudh. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shashank Mundra, 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Shashank Mundra: Hi, so I was seeing the margin, so it has drawn Y-o-Y despite being 
high protection business mix, which is I think 70%- 80% plus margin. So, I want to 
understand the reason behind the drop in the margin and another one is on the cost side, 
despite the business being flattish, the expenses have increased so much? Thanks. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, Shashank. Hi, Dhiren here. So I picked up this margin question earlier 
and the reason for that is basically the interse mix between the product profile. Where 
at one level, yes, you're right, retail protection has gone up. As we discussed earlier, there 
has been a drop in group term. Similarly, in the high value non-par guaranteed segment, 
that has dropped to some extent, those customers have gone towards the participating 
and some towards unit linked. So it's essentially the underlying product profile that has 
resulted in this margin that you see here. 
Having said that, margin is not a focus as we've been reiterating on the call. Our vision 
is to be able to grow absolute VNB. And given the way that the product profiles have 
actually transformed over the past four years, the core driver of VNB is going to be 
absolute APE. To that extent, while we've had a drop in APE in the quarter, that is the 
co-driver of where the VNB drop is. 
Having said that, through the quarter also, we have seen improvements, sequential 
improvements in absolute APEs. So in the month of June, we've been able to do double 
digit growth numbers. The cost numbers of course as I mentioned earlier also had risen. 
Some of the larger cost elements, where this has gone up has been on employee cost, as 
we have been investing in adding more people on the ground, fundamentally along new 
banks, along new partnerships, and other elements of distribution cost as well. 

 
18 
 
Shashank Mundra: Okay. And one more thing you mentioned about the agent 
termination in one of the earlier question. So I assume there must be some cost if you 
don't terminate some inactive agent. 
Dhiren Salian: So that's a good question, Shashank. Fundamentally, the way we look at 
agency is because these are completely commissioned agents, it doesn't cost us to keep 
them on books. The first point of fixed cost and the efficiency that the fixed cost element 
draws out is what is very critical and that is the manager on the ground. So to be able to 
manage productivities of these managers who manage these agents is what becomes 
very critical when you're looking at agency productivity and profitability. 
I'd also like to add that, we spoke about this fact also, we've been on a digitalization 
journey for many years. In fact, we've actually built out an agent platform, which allows 
spans of these frontline managers to run as low as 10 to 12 to as high as 200. And again, 
because it doesn't really cost us to keep these agents on books, we pay no fixed cost. 
We're able to eke out even from a long-term perspective some of these businesses as 
well. So yes, while it looks on an agent productivity, which would be the total APE divided 
by the 2,00,000 agents, looks like not so great as compared to the rest of our peers. More 
important, we look at productivity at a frontline level. 
Shashank Mundra: Yes, okay, thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Firstly, how should we think about the VNB 
margins going forward? Do we think that, we have already made the required 
investments which are required to scale AP growth or that will still ahead of us? And 
which will have some, which will probably drive AP growth but may have impact on VNB 
margins going forward. 
Dhiren Salian: So, Nidhesh again, no guidance on VNB margin, absolute VNB growth is 
what we seek. Again, a lot of it would be a function of the product profile that comes 
through. As Amit also pointed out earlier, essentially we're laying bare the entire product 
profile. And as Anup pointed out, what we're seeking to see is, what is the specific 
product that can fit a particular customer through that specific distribution channel. 
So understanding the nuance of the distribution channel to see what kind of customers 
they have, and therefore what are the products that we could sell to them. The outcome 
of all of that is what we would end up in terms of the VNB margin. Again, we hold no 
targets on VNB margin, absolute growth in VNB is what we seek. And again, based on 
the way the product profile comes through, we will take it as it comes. 
Amit Palta: Like I give you an example, Nidhesh, like what we mentioned, that change in 
the consumer preference, whenever it happens, we want to be there catering to 
customers change requirements. Like for instance, what we saw towards the end of the 
quarter is where large value deals which typically were coming in non-participating 
platform. We started seeing large part of this business shifting towards unit link 
products. So internally at the organization level, we don't get partial towards any one 

 
19 
 
category of products. If customers started choosing unit linked products, we were more 
than happy to serve them through that. 
And that is what is evident in the way we have looked at our average premiums and 
non-participating in unit linked. So unit linked went up by 10% and non-participating 
went down by 10%. So it was all about consumer deciding as to what it is. So to answer 
your question on VNB margin outlook, while absolutely right, what Dhiren mentioned, 
that we will not be guided on margin percentage. We will allow the ecosystem and the 
environment to drive the margins for us. We will stay focused on the drivers that we have 
identified for our distribution through which we intend to deliver our AP growth. That is 
what, we will focus more as a controllable, that's the market forces and the environment 
will take over. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure, sir, so just to follow up on that, so if you look at last four year journey 
for us, we have delivered on VNB growth, despite a lot of headwinds that we were facing, 
but in the process we have maxed out on product mix changes. We have probably also 
invested less in our distribution, at least in FY ‘22. 
And FY ‘23 probably we started this investment journey in our distribution. So where are 
we currently in the investment journey? Or do we think, our investment will continue to 
accelerate going forward in FY ‘24? Leading to growth in cost ratios vis-a-vis top line 
growth that we have seen in Q1. Is that likely to continue in FY ‘24- ‘25 or not? 
Amit Palta: Absolutely. We want to stay invested in building capacity. Proprietary 
channels already are close to half of our business today. And we want to stay invested 
there and want to build capacity. As you rightly mentioned, Nidhesh, in between during 
COVID, adding to capacity would have added cost without any bottom line or top line 
because gestation period for settling into reasonable productivity is much longer in 
proprietary channels. 
And hence, for a very reasonable reason, we stayed away from investing during times 
which were very difficult. And we were banking mostly on efficiency and productivity 
enhancement of our existing distribution. So the journey that we started 12 months, 15 
months back, we want to continue. And for next couple of years, we want to stay 
invested relentlessly. And that is what, like I mentioned in the previous, to the previous 
question as well, almost 5% to 7% of our agency business, we are seeing coming through 
from the additional capacity that we've built in last 12 months. 
And that is something that will continue. So this is incrementally going to only add and 
become significant as we go deep into the year and even the coming financial year. But 
that will only happen if we continue investing. And that is what is one of the reasons also 
that, we invested in first quarter, we did not stop. Though for seasonality of business, 
typically you see much lower business in quarter one. So percentages look heavier in the 
earlier quarters, but as you go deep, it will all get squared up. 
Nidhesh Jain: Sure, sir. In FY2019… 
Moderator: Mr. Jain, I request you to join back the queue, sir. Thank you. We have our 
next question from the line of Sanketh Ghoda from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 

 
20 
 
Sanketh Ghoda: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to check on this 
protection business again, that probably there was a campaign run in bank or even the 
agency channel, and even to some extent in Policy Bazaar, that the price hike is coming 
in. So I just wanted to understand, that led to an up-fronting of the growth in the current 
quarter in the individual protection business. That's point number one. 
And if the price hike is coming, I just wanted to understand the reason for it, because I 
don't see any competitor increasing price. Have we changed our reinsurance strategy? 
Because we have a different reinsurance strategy compared to the peers. So I just 
wanted to understand that part a little better on protection. And second question was 
more on margin again. 
There should be some level where you might be thinking that beyond below this number, 
I am not comfortable to go margin, whether that number is 30 or 29 or 28, I'm not sure. 
But there should be some number in your mind probably beyond which the margins going 
down might not be comfortable. So at that point of time, you'll take a calibrated step on 
more product mix rather than just chasing what customer wants? So I just wanted to 
understand these two parts, share from you. 
Amit Palta: Okay, so Sanketh, let me try addressing first of all this protection part. The 
protection pricing part that we are putting, actually this is an ongoing exercise that we 
keep doing. Internally in a committee based approach, we keep looking at profiles in 
various cohorts and keep looking at our risk to pricing and balance between the two. And 
we do correct our pricing on a regular basis. 
Now, this is something which is not periodic, but it is something that we take stock every 
month. Sometimes we may decide to increase pricing in some cohorts and some months, 
we will decide not to. So it is generally at some pockets and some cohorts, where we find 
an experience where it necessitates us to correct pricing and that is what we do it. It has 
no implication on demand going forward to that extent because protection product is 
more or less now standardized in terms of pricing, it's not much of a disruption that we've 
seen in the industry. So to that extent, there is nothing in terms of demand, which is 
affected because of some price change that happened in the past. So that is on 
protection part.  
Second on margins, you spoke about, what is that bare minimum? So let me answer by 
saying that, the biggest driver, if you were to ask me, as to what we should be doing to 
look at enhancing our overall margins, if at all, is of course to reach out to customer 
segments where the natural demand of the products from those customer segments is 
the one, where we see same as margin accretive. For instance, typically mass and mass 
affluent, where the entire industry is going to be focused on but to increase width and 
increase number of policies by reaching and penetrating more and more. 
Anup spoke about the fact that current penetration being 0.7%, 1%, 1.5% across various 
partnerships. If you were to move towards 5% kind of a number, you have to go deeper 
and go beyond affluent and go to mass and mass affluent. And there naturally you will 
understand that probably simplified products like participating and non-participating 
will make more meaningful sense. 

 
21 
 
So our effort will be to increase with, reach out to more and more customers, increase 
penetration. And by virtue of reaching out to this customer segment, but probably, you 
will see a category of products will start growing where probably margin acquisition is 
relatively better in comparison to what you see in unit link products. 
Anup Bagchi: I will just come in here, just to add to what Dhiren and Amit said, on this 
margin management thing because a couple of questions that come on the margin 
management. So what is the approach and philosophy of margin management? So 
margin management essentially, just mathematically is a function of product. Now, if it 
is a function of product mix, then it is then a function, but ultimately it emanates from the 
customer segment. 
So what we have seen is that, there is a wide ranging quality parameter on when you 
triangulate the persistency, the product and the customer code. And wherever we have 
seen that the customer suitability and the product suitability is not right, there the 
persistency drops perceptibly. And wherever there is a customer suitability and the 
product suitability is there, even after five years, we have seen 90% plus persistency, 
although the market persistency, as you know better, Sanketh, is hovering around 50s, 
mid-50s, and 60s, but we have seen 90%. Then the real question that comes back is that, 
why is it that some people are at that level and some people are at 90% plus?  
The real answer to that and that's the only answer to that is that, wherever the product 
suitability is proper and there is continuous customer engagement, you get high customer 
persistency because that is where the customer needed the product. They understand 
the product and it is well sold and it is well accepted and then your engagement and so 
the fall off doesn't happen that they forget whether to pay premium, not pay premium 
and they understand that, these are locked up products and they understand why they 
brought the product. 
Then the question really is that, if you really want to do margin management, then we 
have to find out pairs of such products and such customers. So if you don't diversify on 
products and you just allow the customer to play, they obviously will pick up a particular 
kind of product, if you put a control on quality. And so while your quality may be good, if 
you don't diversify your product customer base, you will have lesser growth, but you will 
have quality growth, and you will have a product. Now, that product depends on it could 
be a low margin product, it could be a high margin product. 
Now, as a company, you cannot allow that fully. So because ultimately, VNB will come 
from margin multiplied by the top line growth. And so because of the heterogeneity of 
the partners that we have, we have seen that, you have all kinds of customer cohorts 
within us, within our customer partners base. And so we are digging deeper into the 
partners base to see, which are the kind of cohort and which are the kind of products 
cohorts that you bring and you pair them for higher quality business. And then you go 
after that one by one-by-one and make sure that the channel is activated for that product 
through that channel for the correct customer segment. 
And that is the way in which your quality also will be maintained, your growth will also 
come, and your margin will also come. And that is going to be our approach. And we 
have seen, working very closely with partners, that wherever we have done this kind of 
a workshop, we have seen that, the green shoots are very good. And they understand it, 

 
22 
 
and it is easy. And then the partners don't see it purely as a fee income. It is a fee income 
product. But they also see it as a part of the overall book your product, where they will 
get attachment for a long period of time. And if you're a bank, where ultimately, you 
require attachment for you to lower the volatility of your liability, lower the volatility of 
your customer, this is a very, very good product because it is locked up product. 
And if understood well, you have to sell it only to 10%, 15% of the income. Just like you 
cannot over-leverage in lending, you cannot over-leverage in insurance as well. 
Otherwise, you'll have a persistency problem. So this is a slightly multivariable issue that 
we have to solve. And that is the approach that we are taking. And this is the approach 
that is going to be useful to us. And I'm very confident that, it is going to be useful to us. 
And I'm also very confident that, the game that we have to play is not 0.7%, 1% going to 
1.1%. The eye, we have to keep is 2%. Of course, we have to month over month, quarter 
over quarter, we have to grow. 
But really the big problems that we have to solve within our company is, how do you set 
up the foundation that you can go from 1% to 10% and how do you do the full 
penetration on the customer base? How do you understand the barrier to adoption? How 
do you understand that, why customers don't buy? And you get to know, why customers 
don't buy from the customers who buy. 
And which is the peer? Which is the agent? Which is the channel through which the 
customers buy in a more persistent manner without complaints? So really, I thought, I'll 
just answer it comprehensively, because what I was hearing is that, these are coming 
across as disjointed questions. It is actually just one big problem that has to be solved, 
of course, by breaking this into four, five variables but doing it in a cohesive, integrated 
manner. 
Sanketh Ghoda: Perfect, sir. This is very useful. Thanks. 
Moderator: I request you to join back the queue, sir. We'll take our next question from 
the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Just the first one, 
just the only one on ULIP. I think, in the opening remarks, there was a mention that ULIP 
demand is starting to come back. So, and maybe it's also a result of this tax breaks going 
away. So I just want to understand what are the demand dynamics here? It still is a 40% 
kind of APE contribution. So when we talk about growth, both APE and VNB, can you 
talk about what's happening on the ULIP demand dynamics? And also the constant 
maturity product, thought process behind it? Was it a missing product in our portfolio? 
So any color here will be helpful. Thank you. 
Anup Bagchi: When it comes to the philosophy of fund, essentially, the constant maturity 
came up because on the mutual fund side, the tax advantages have gone up. Here, the 
tax advantages remain the same, and there are a segment of customers who don't want 
to take. Of course, ULIP is associated generally with equity, I must admit or at the best 
balance advantage funds equivalent. But there are a certain set of customers who want 
their wealth to get compounded in a tax-free manner for a long period of time, and that 
is where this product comes in. Like I said, essentially, it is not about coming out with the 
product, it is about understanding is there a product positioning for a segment of 

 
23 
 
customers and then searching for those customer segment of customers and which 
channels can that be paired to with what product. 
And that is there. So we are seeing reasonable traction on the fund. And customers who 
have taken this fund, they seem to be generally happy because it is clear what they are 
taking. For example, in constant maturity fund that they are taking a debt fund and they 
should not expect equity type of return. I think selling and expectation is very, very critical. 
All of us in this call belong to financial services, and it's important that everything is 
against an expectation. 
And so disappointments and happiness all comes against expectations. So this is 
basically tuned for that kind of customer segment through these kind of channels. So 
these are not traditional equity ULIP kind of channels also that also we are seeing and 
but they search for this kind of product and then sell it and the experience so far has been 
quite good. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Sir, just on the first question, ULIP overall, not constant maturity? 
Anup Bagchi: Not constant maturity, I think, what has happened is a little bit of spillover 
has happened greater than INR5 lakhs because they're affluent. Affluent essentially, if 
you look at ULIP and if you look at ULIP equity, they were all non-affluent types. So part 
of the spillover has come to ULIP. But it is 40%. So there is -- it's not too much of a 
deviation from our general product mix. 
Amit Palta: Yes, specifically, if you were to see in unit linked business, there is a bit of a 
channel color as well that we have internally, which is very unique to us. If you were to 
keep ICICI ULIP aside, then you will see actually some 11% kind of growth on linked 
business that we have seen in channels other than ICICI. 
And that is largely contributed by what we witnessed in the second half of the quarter, 
where large value deals instead of coming in non-participating range of products started 
coming in unit linked business. And that is when it coincided with CMF launch, Constant 
Maturity Fund launch. And since the story came at a time when the number of options 
available for tax savings, relative tax savings, was very attractive on this kind of a 
platform, then we saw an uptick in the channels other than the ICICI. 
Shyam Srinivasan: Thank you. And all the best.  
Amit Palta: Thank you. 
Anup Bagchi: Thanks Shyam. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: Hi, thank you. I have two questions. First is on the credit life business. 
So in the annual report for the full year, you've given about INR4.8 billion of credit life. In 
previous years, you used to give us the breakup of credit life between ICICI and other 
banks, if you could help me with that? 

 
24 
 
Also, any color on what kind of attachment rates are we seeing in the other banks 
because I'm assuming that the majority of the growth should be coming from that 
segment. First is that. And second is just a clarification. You said that agency channel in 
May and June grew at 20%, 23%. Does that -- is that correct because that implies a 50% 
decline in April. So just these two from me. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes. On the second question, yes, agency broadly right. You got the 
numbers broadly right there.  
Amit Palta: Yes. So, as you know that there is generally a traction of spillover business 
that happens from March to April. And that has been the trend in the past. And this year 
being special, most of the logins that we experienced in the last week of March was 
issued by us March itself because there was sensitivity around the tax proposition. 
Hence, we actually dislodge ourselves from April performance because large part of 
spillover, which was a trend in the past, did not happen for us this year. Hence, April 
looks a little skewed, but you are right. May, June is 21%, 22% growth for agency and 
resultant is whatever we saw in the month of April. 
On the first question that you asked on credit life, we actually don't share specifically 
channel-wise numbers on this, but if you ask me among on attachments, see this is 
something that we completely go by our partner priority, depending upon the type of 
customer, the type of businesses they are in, whether it is MFI, whether it is home loan, 
personal loan, vehicle loans, you know, that credit line today is being sold across category 
of loan products. And we have seen attachment rates are varying from product category 
to product category, and also depending upon partner priorities, right? So to that extent, 
there is no standard number that I can reply you with, but it varies from partner-to-
partner. 
Shreya Shivani: Got it, that's useful, thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. 
Dhiren Salian: So that number varies as such, Shreya, in terms of what are the share of 
ICICI Bank that comes in., it can be anywhere between a quarter to a half depending 
upon the period. 
Shreya Shivani: Yes, because last three years, FY ‘20 to FY ‘22, the annual report did 
have a breakup of credit lines between ICICI Bank and other banks. 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, so a lot of it also is additional credit life across new partners. That's 
where some of the growth is coming from. 
Shreya Shivani: Okay, got it, got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aravind R from 
Sundaram Alternates. 

 
25 
 
Aravind R: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. As you're talking about the agents, some 
of them being not active. Can you give some color on the number of active agents in the 
system? 
Dhiren Salian: So, we've not called that out. Like I said, one of the core reasons is looking 
at total APE and looking at channel economics, it makes more sense to look at what is 
the frontline that we have. And also, as I mentioned, given the way that we manage the 
channel using our digital platform, span can be as low as 10, which can go all the way 
up to 200 as well. 
So I think, it becomes a little more important to kind of look at what the channel delivers 
in terms of absolute APE, because end of the day, the agent is completely variable for us. 
So he takes his commission only if he performs and delivers business, if he doesn't, he 
doesn't. So that's the way we actually run that business. And it's not looking at number 
of agents that we have overall on our books that we're chasing at any point. Obviously, 
at points through the year, there will be a change in number of agents who are active at 
any point. But again, it's also a function of the underlying nature of those agents. Some 
of them are far more professional, some of them are semi-professional. And so to that 
extent, their activity levels will vary through the year. 
Aravind R: Just one more question if you can, if it's permitted. I understand you're talking 
about, it's upon the ICICI Bank, bank itself, but in terms of business per branch of a bank, 
and when compared to other peers, it's one of the lowest among the peers. So is there 
any target or something in mind to improve that to some average level in the industry, 
certain thing? 
Dhiren Salian: Aravind, you're referring to ICICI Bank productivity per branch? 
Aravind R: Yes. 
Dhiren Salian: So I think, we've discussed quite a bit on ICICI Bank's philosophy on what 
they're looking at from a third party perspective. And when you put that out, I don't think 
comparing ICICI Bank’s per branch productivity with any other bank would make, you 
know, it would be an apples-to-oranges comparison actually. The Bank is very clear that 
the kind of products that they focused on are going to be protection and annuity and 
given those ticket sizes, it's obviously going to be much less than that of other products. 
Aravind R: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Supratim Datta 
from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: Yes, I have one follow-up question. So from April this year, the new 
IRDA guidelines have come in and which is the more product-wise commission caps. So 
just wanted to understand how has that resulted in, some of the negotiations with the 
non-ICICI bank partners, or how are commissions there now trending post these 
changes? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Supratim, the short answer to that is this is still an evolving scenario. 
There are conversations on. At some level, one would expect commissions to go up. But 

 
26 
 
from a company perspective, I think, what we would seek to do is to keep overall unit 
cost broadly stable across where we were because at the end of the day, there's only so 
much that can be put into the product from a pricing perspective. 
And so if there is going to be an increased commission, then there is going to be a reduced 
set of operating expenses that will have to happen there. But I don't think, the market 
has stabilized at this point. That is our sense in some of the conversations. Yes, to some 
level, in some cases, there have been some increases in commission, but I don't think all 
of it has played out. I think, we'll get a much better picture as we go through to the end 
of the year. This could just be a little premature at this point. 
Supratim Datta: Got it, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal 
from UBS India. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Yes, hi. My first question is on the ULIP since we discussed that we 
are selling products given by demand. So I wanted to understand anything you are doing 
towards increasing the product level margin particularly for ULIP because the in the last 
call, I think, we discussed that the margin can normalize to a much lower level and would 
remain as is. Is that the case, or is there a change in strategy or you can see the margin 
might improve from that level? 
Dhiren Salian: So Neeraj, taking that question on ULIP margins, I think by regulation, 
there's only so much that a ULIP product can deliver in terms of margin. There could be 
variations from year-to-year, period-to-period, depending upon how efficient we are in 
that period. But I don't think, this is going to be like a high double digit kind of a margin 
product at all. I think, the guidelines are fairly clear in terms of what has to be given to 
customer. And so to that extent, this is not going to be fairly high margin, relatively 
speaking. But again, as we have said before, it's a question of where is the customer 
opportunity? This product clearly caters to our affluent customer segment. If they're able 
to sell much, much more than what we would have sold in another customer segment, 
then clearly it gets VNB on the table. Because again, I come back to the first point, we're 
not guided by margin, we're looking at growth of absolute VNB. This is an opportunity 
pool that we should not be letting go of. 
Traditionally, we've had great strength in this pool, and we continue to have strength in 
this segment. And we'll continue to innovate and bring new products that will be relevant 
for customers in this segment. And one example of that is Constant Maturity Fund that 
we launched in the month of May. Clearly, that was an opportunity we saw given all the 
changes that were happening in the environment and the fact that there wasn't a 
credible offering from the life insurance stable, which is where we moved quickly and got 
that out. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Got it, sir. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Toshniwal, I request you to join back the queue, sir. Thank you. We 
have our next question from the line of Sahej Mittal from 3P Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. Mr. Sahej Mittal, please unmute your line and go ahead with your question. 

 
27 
 
Since there is no response, we will move on to the next question from the line of Akshen 
Thakkar from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Akshen Thakkar: So one on retail protection, strong growth this quarter. You know, in 
the past two to three years, we've spoken about constraints in terms of underwriting, in 
terms of ability to for customers to pay that much. Now if when you think, I'm not saying 
this year, this quarter, etcetera, just the next two to three years, would you say that this 
business has now got back to a run rate where you feel confident that it will deliver the 
kind of growth which an underpenetrated category like this deserves? That's question 
one. I'll wait for you to answer and then ask follow-up question. 
Dhiren Salian: Okay, so, Akshen, I think, we're getting a lot more confident in the 
numbers that are being generated on a month-to-month basis. There's a lot more 
stability that we see. Of course, as you pointed out, in the past periods, the environment 
challenge was a key factor in the drop that we saw in retail protection. 
But as we had mentioned earlier also, we have been working hard actually at a unit level 
to try and understand what are the core drivers, be it at the sales side, be it at the 
operation side, be it at underwriting side. And we've been slowly working at addressing 
these over these years. So as we stand today, I think, we've moved much further direction 
and we're getting a lot more confident the way the numbers are actually shaping up. Can 
we do more? Of course we can do more and as I mentioned earlier, we fundamentally 
think that this is a multi-decade opportunity. We are not shying away from that. It was 
essentially coming out of that period of adjustment that we have to work through and 
as we see it I think, we're far better position today than what were, let's say a year back. 
Amit, would you want to add? 
Amit Palta: Yes, so Akshen, just to explain it further and understand what happened 
in protection over the last few years, I just want to mention that one part of congestion 
was created because of underwriting policies becoming stringent on account of 
unforeseen impact on mortality risk, which was envisaged during COVID. So that is one 
factor that this is no longer as big a fear or apprehension as it was two years back. So 
experience is definitely much better than what we thought a few years back, which is 
leading to process becoming simpler. 
Two, Anup mentioned that congestion. Process over a period of last few years has 
actually eased out because of the overall data which is available in the ecosystem. So 
everything to do with process today, our ability to get KYC from the customer, get income 
documents from the customer is getting easier-and-easier and newer options are 
emerging to make process more seamless for the customers. So I want to believe that 
one, because of experience, two, because of ecosystem data, processes are becoming 
simpler.  
And third element, which is also critical, is the distribution reset. Because distribution was 
selling protection in a certain way till the FY ‘17, FY ‘18 and subsequent to COVID, it had 
to take some time to reset and follow a different regime of selling protection. So all three 
things have contributed towards retail protection now turning around. So I do believe 
that all these three are quite sustainable because ecosystem will only get stronger-and-
stronger, ecosystem will get data rich, experience I don't see it undergoing any drastic 
change because all those calamities are behind us. And distribution reset has already 

 
28 
 
happened. So more-and-more participation you will see from distribution going forward 
as well. 
Akshen Thakkar: All right, great. Thanks for that answer. Second, Dhiren, to you, a little 
bit of a housekeeping question. You mentioned that growth in April was a little muted 
because March month had seen a big bump-up in premium growth. When we think 
through growth for the full year, would you say that the extra bump that you got in 
March, the effect of that would have played out in Q1 largely, or do you think, as we look 
at growth in Q4, you will have some residual impact on Y-o-Y growth in Q4 as well? Just 
trying to, I'm not looking at exact numbers, just directionally how we're thinking about 
that? 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, so April was not a great month. And I think to some extent, we were 
fairly clear that we needed to get the operational efficiency fairly high in the month of 
March, given that some of the policies were in the traditional pool. And some of them, of 
course, were in the more than INR5 lakh range. And there was no way that we want to 
let those spill over into the month of April. 
So typically, April is one of those months where there is new business generation that is 
quite low. That has been the case of the industry and depending upon different years, 
looking at whatever spillover comes through because you are unable to issue all the 
cases in the month of March, you see some of the April numbers shape up. But having 
gone beyond that, I think, looking at May and June are the ones that are more critical. 
And there you could see even within as we've disclosed earlier as well, there has been a 
sharp movement up in terms of the overall business for the month of June, sequentially, 
as well as on a Y-o-Y basis. We continue to see those trends even now. 
And the way we look at it is that quarter 1 is only about 15% of the overall business. We 
are cognizant of the fact that March last year was a fairly strong March. And therefore, 
it's important for us to be able to drive growth in the balance months as we go through 
to the end of the year. So I'm not giving a set of numbers, difficult to call out, but 
effectively this is amount of color that I can provide in terms of what we're driving 
towards. 
Akshen Thakkar: Yes, so I mean, it will be a volatile year, but I think, Q2 and Q3 from 
what you're saying should give a better reflection of the growth cadence in your business 
rather than looking at Q1 or Q4 or full year numbers because there'll be a lot of noise 
either side of the quarter. So.. 
Dhiren Salian: You're right. And Akshen, as we spoke of earlier, one of the core drivers 
of VNB development is going to be APE growth and therefore this is clearly top of our 
mind. Not that it wasn't top of our mind earlier, I think, people were not able to appreciate 
the overall movement across those channels, given the preponderance of some of our 
channels that were not doing so well. But as you now see that portions of the business 
are much smaller, overall you can start to see the APE growth come through quite 
strongly. 
Akshen Thakkar: All right, great. Thank you guys and all the best for the rest of the year. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Akshen. 

 
29 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh 
from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Hi, good evening. Just two questions. One on the persistence 
improvement. Can I get some color on whether it is led by a mixed change on the product 
side that you have seen or on the individual product classes also you're witnessing 
improvement across cohorts? And second, if you can give some color on your individual 
riders attachment rates or across your policies that you're seeing and whether there has 
been any trend shift on that particular segment out there? 
Dhiren Salian: So on persistency, Dipanjan, the answer is both. We're seeing some 
improvements at the LOB level as well as some amount of mix change. At the first one is 
what is more critical. I think, irrespective of where the underlying product mix is, it is 
important for us to be able to deliver on persistency because that's essentially the 
promise that we've got from the customer. So all efforts are on towards improving unit 
level persistency as well. In terms of riders, I think they're quite small at this stage. We 
just started another drive on improving rider attachments. Let's see how that shapes up 
through the year. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Dipanjan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nischint Chawathe 
from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: Thank you for the opportunity. Now that we sort of look back over 
the last six months, and kind of, say that March was extraordinarily a strong month, 
which obviously had a rub off in this quarter. Would you want to call off the extraordinary 
in the month of March? 
Dhiren Salian: Call off extraordinary month? So Nischint, I don't think that's a fair 
question on the perspective that if we hadn't taken the business that was on the table, 
you would have asked a different question of us now. So I think, we saw the business, 
we took it, and I think we move on to the coming quarter. We know it wasn't that large 
overall, but clearly we know what our work has to be from a cutout perspective. 
Important to see that on a sequential basis, you are seeing positive trends. And like I said, 
coming into June, it is a double digit growth number. And that's what we want to build 
on. 
Nischint Chawathe: I guess the way I'm coming in is that, for March this year, you 
probably going to be looking at growth over growth, like, or it's not something that… 
Amit Palta: We want to stay optimistic because March is still quite far away. And I'm 
sure the journey that we had started doing on building capacity will also start playing 
out through the year, right? So there are a lot of things that we probably have built up 
over a period of last 15 months, and that only will go and become more-and-more 
efficient and productive as we go deep. So March is still far away. I'm sure we will work 
towards filling-up for the scale-up in March to the build-up capacity in next few months. 

 
30 
 
Anup Bagchi: So Nischint, these kind of, see Anup here, these are two independent 
questions. Whether March was a strong month? Of course March was a strong month 
because there was an event and so March was a strong month. Should we have taken 
the business? Yes, we should have taken the business. Why leave the business if the 
March is strong? You don't leave a business or you don't take the business thinking that 
year-on-year next year will be low. So that's an independent thing. Now, whether the 
next march will be strong or weak is a function of what capacities we are building and 
what is the market opportunity there? 
Our general focus and our approach will be that whatever be the last March, we will see 
it's an independent thing. It's a thing that is behind us. We have to look forward and 
ensure that we have to keep growing. And we have to build capacities for growth. And 
whether March was good or bad, we will see. We will want to make last March an 
ordinary March. And we will all push and focus to make it an ordinary March, so that 
when you look back, you say that while it was an extraordinary March, your growth is so 
strong that it was an ordinary March. So this is also my request to Amit and team. 
Nischint Chawathe:  Sure. On the product strategy side, it looks like, ULIP is kind of 
making a comeback. And I think, at the same time, you are investing in the franchise, 
investing in the agency force. Typically, the trend that we have seen over the last three 
years is that agency tends to be sort of no more non-link heavy than ULIPs. Probably 
maybe driven by consistency outcomes. So how do you see both adding up adding up 
you know in terms of... 
Anup Bagchi: Good question. I am not seeing, see, ULIP, see we have all products and 
what happens when the marketing generally is good etcetera, there is a bit of shift 
towards ULIP. Also because non-par guaranteed has moved off, some part has shifted 
towards ULIP but our sense is that is that it is not as if it's a secular trend moving towards 
ULIP and it will not go back. It is for us to discover different customer segments and come 
out with more suitable product to manage our product mix so that we are a balanced 
company. 
Now, of course, to a channel which is, let's say, more ULIP-focused, and if they have got 
ULIP customers, they obviously will sell more ULIP. But then it is up to us to also find out 
other channels, develop other customer cohorts, so that we get more balance. So I think 
that is nearer to the situation. I don't think it's a secular thing. When the market moves, 
ULIP is a market focused business. So when it moves, it moves. And when it moves, one 
should take. 
Amit Palta: And Nischint, just to add effort like what Anup in one of his answers to the 
previous question mentioned. Idea is not to say no to ULIP, let ULIP grow in absolutes, 
but how to reach out to customer segments who need a product which is different from 
ULIP. And that is the journey that we have started. It's a journey which is about 
understanding customer segments of our partners. 
And with only 1% kind of penetration that our partners have, I'm sure there are customers 
which are beyond affluent, who may need products other than ULIP. And that is the 
journey that we have to traverse and that is what we have started working on. I think 
absolute growth in ULIP is welcome, but at the same time, we have a task laid out in 

 
31 
 
terms of what we want to do to increase width by increasing number of policies and 
segments beyond ULIP customers. 
Nischint Chawathe:  Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Mangal from 
BOB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is towards the annuity. 
So we saw annuity declining and if you look at last three to four quarters, we saw a very 
strong growth. So what went wrong this quarter in the annuity business? 
Amit Palta: Yes, so I'll take that. First of all, let me just put in context that last year, we 
had an introduction in one of our new products on a regular premium platform. So last 
year first quarter was a good 60%-plus kind of a growth for us in annuity. So it was one, 
it was on a very large base that we saw annuity growth declining, that is one, which is a 
very technical Excel file, mathematical explanation. 
But second thing which I want to articulate here is that if you were to segregate annuity 
business into regular premium products and single premium products, then we actually 
saw a constrained growth in single premium products. So regular premium continued to 
grow at around 30%, 40% for us in this quarter. However, single premium was impacted. 
As you know that, currently rates available in deposits are at an all-time high at this point 
in time. And some of our bank partners did prioritize at this point in time to look at deposit 
mobilization as a primary objective. 
But we believe that it is transient. Eventually, what the regular premium annuity product 
serves is a customer who's nearing retirement against a customer segment which is, 
who's already retired when it comes to single premium product. So it's not a customer 
segment issue, it is a transient issue, which we do believe that demand will come back 
as we go deep into the year. 
Mohit Mangal: All right, very clear, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: Yes, hi, good evening everyone. Just a couple of questions. Firstly, the INR5 
lakh-plus ticket size, what would be the share of that premium in 1Q and versus say, 1Q 
of last year? If you could help us with that. And secondly, with respect to the retail 
protection, what is the kind of risk that you are taking on your own balance sheet and 
what is the level that you're passing out beyond which you're passing it on to the 
reinsurers? And any change there? Yes, that would be my two questions. 
Dhiren Salian: So hi, Prayesh. I think, breaking it down back again into less than INR5 
lakhs and more than INR5 lakhs, I think we would want to stay away from that. 
Fundamentally, because we still are looking at the opportunity. And like we said, there is 
going to be some shift that happens across. It is not a large amount that used to be for 
us, nor is it at this point. I think, our focus overall is to be able to reach out to different 
consumer segments and offer products that are relevant there. 

 
32 
 
So if at some level, the more than INR5 lakh ticket size, we're seeing some, if you see 
some drop coming from a non-par segment, there are other products that we are offering 
and we're starting to see some pickup on that, which is what we mentioned earlier on 
the call. I think, our focus will still be to be able to grow overall business, irrespective of 
which segment it comes in from. Coming to your second question on retail protection, 
we've not changed our reinsurance levels on retail protection. The retention levels 
continue to be at INR1 crore and we're comfortable with the experience that we've taken 
on. 
Prayesh Jain: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: Thanks for the opportunity again. So in FY ‘19, we put out our aspiration 
to double VNB over three years to four years. What are our aspirations for VNB and AP 
over medium to long term in terms of growth? 
Anup Bagchi: No. We will just continue to work hard to ensure that VNB keeps increasing 
and with a stance towards growth. 
Nidhesh Jain: Okay, sure. 
Moderator: Mr. Jain, does that answer your question? 
Nidhesh Jain: Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anup Bagchi for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anup Bagchi: Yes, Yes. Thank you all very much for joining this evening and we'll just 
continue to work hard to ensure that all our customer needs are met through the suitable 
products, through the most appropriate channel. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical 
information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the impact 
of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of regulatory 
authorities; impact of competition; experience with regard to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy 
renewal rates; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance undertakes no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof 
