 
 
 
 
REF: HIL/SE/2023-24/56 
August 9, 2023 
To 
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 509675 
Scrip Symbol: HIL 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on August 02, 2023 on Q1 FY24 Financial Results  
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, August 02, 2023 on Q1 FY24 Financial Results.  
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in. 
Kindly take the same on record.  
Thanking You.  
Yours faithfully,  
For HIL Limited 
 
 
Akshat Seth 
Managing Director & CEO 
DIN: 10039820 
Aksha
t Seth
Digitally signed 
by Akshat Seth 
Date: 
2023.08.09 
13:35:44 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Mit Shah: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to HIL Limited's Q1 FY24 
Results Conference Call for Investors and Analysts. Today, we have with us Mr. 
Akshat Seth, Managing Director and CEO of the company, and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth, to make the opening remarks, and he will be 
followed by Mr. Ajay, who will take you through the financial perspectives. Before 
we begin this call, I would like to point out that certain statements made on 
today's call could be forward looking in nature and details in this regard are 
available in the earnings presentation, which has been shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Akshat Seth to present his views on the performance 
and the strategic imperatives that lie ahead. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Mit. Good morning everyone and a very warm welcome to HIL's 
Quarter 1 FY24 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking the time to join us today, and I 
sincerely hope that all of you are doing well. 
 
Today, in this call, we will share and cover two aspects. One is HIL's performance 
in the first quarter and how we are poised in the coming months and quarters. 
And second is to give you an overview of the initiatives underway to chart out a 
phase of fast-paced value-building growth that I spoke to all of you about in our 
last call.  
 
At a consolidated level, HIL has reported a revenue of Rs. 1,016 crores, with a PBT 
of Rs. 74 crores. HIL India so at a stand-alone level has delivered its highest 
quarterly revenue at Rs. 722 crores, with a PBT of Rs. 100 crores. 
 
Our performance during Q1 reflects HIL's inherent resilience and ability to win in 
a difficult market, in a soft demand regime and we saw that in India and also in 
Europe, HIL and Parador have outperformed its peers gaining market share across 
our various product categories. There were strong efforts done by the team on 
sourcing, cost management and value enhancement initiatives, which has ensured 
healthy margins and profitability across our individual segments and overall, for 
HIL. 

 
Page 2 of 26 
 
 
While we continue to gain strength through our leader brands, our growth 
segments are scripting a fascinating story for HIL. A story that is changing the face 
of HIL towards being a comprehensive home and building products company and 
not just a roofing company. I would like to highlight that today; roofing contributes 
less than 30% of HIL's revenue. 
 
And in today's call, I will focus on what are the segments which are driving this 
shift towards being a comprehensive building products company. And what are 
really the segments which, according to us, will be the drivers of growth as we go 
forward. Anticipating some questions and queries that you have, let me start with 
Parador today, and I will come to the HIL India story just after that. 
 
At the heart of the repivoting that we are doing and the globalization effort at HIL 
is where Parador sits for us in our strategy. At Parador, we are driving a significant 
change agenda, short-term geopolitical headwinds aside. 
 
Our recent onboarding of David Bradham, who we call Neel, as the CEO of Parador 
is a clear statement of our vision to make Parador one of the most valuable 
Interiors and Flooring brand globally. Neel comes with extensive experience of 
driving growth and scaling up businesses in the flooring industry across Europe, 
North America and the Asia Pacific. 
 
In his former role, he has been associated with Flooring giants such as Mohawk, 
Interface and most recently, Milliken & Company, where he has played a variety 
of roles on both operations, commercial functions, and more recently as P&L 
leader for these businesses. In the early part of his career, he has also been an 
investment banker and a strategy consultant. And with him, we believe we have 
the firepower at the leadership level to drive this phase of growth for us at 
Parador. 
 
Some of you have asked, what is really the aspiration at Parador? And our first 
milestone is to make Parador a EUR 500 million-plus global brand over the next 
three years to four years. The question then is, where will this growth come from? 
And there are basically three areas that we are pushing for. First is to deepen our 
market presence not just in Europe, where today our market shares are still below 
5% in most of the segments, but also open up key markets in North America, 
Middle East and Asia. Our strong belief is even in the short run, this diversification 
of markets will help offset the weaker demand outlook in Europe. 
 
The second area of growth will come from a more solid coverage of the 
commercial segment in addition to our traditional strength in retail and residential 
segments. Commercial for all of you typically accounts for 40% to 60% of the 
overall market in any geography that we operate in and represents for us an 
unaddressed part of the market. 

 
Page 3 of 26 
 
 
The third source of growth will come from our continued focus on quality and 
innovation in products and design, and creating product lines, which can help 
command a price premium. For instance, in Modular One, we have a blockbuster 
product in resilient flooring that is both, sustainable and design forward. 
 
To realize this growth ambition and the pockets that I just highlighted, the team is 
working on a major transformation agenda focused on first organization build, 
which is around people, capability and processes. Apart from the leadership at the 
top, other functions and their teams are being augmented to deepen market reach 
in prioritized markets. Sales acceleration is a key focus area and we have 
intensified our branding and marketing efforts and also the new product 
development.  
 
Given the situation that we find ourselves in, it is also important that the team has 
maintained a sharp discipline on cost and value enhancement levers. Favorable 
raw material price evolution and proactive sourcing efforts have kept contribution 
margins for our products healthy. And the team continues to work on more 
initiatives for additional cost savings. 
 
Working capital, cash management, are again an area of strong focus. In fact, as 
an example, I will state that inventory this year at the end of the quarter was about 
20% lower than the same time last year, and that is because of some best planning 
and proactive work done by the team.  
 
In summary, on Parador, we are confident on the mid to long-term prospects. I 
would go out and say that it is the hidden gem in HIL’s portfolio for all of us to 
watch out for and see how that story unfolds in front of us. 
 
I will now move to the HIL India part of the story and let me start with Roofing, 
where the season started off on a sluggish note from a demand perspective, and 
that impacted price sentiments in the market. But this is where HIL's strategic 
strength came into play. The strength of our brand, Charminar, our unparalleled 
market reach, and I would emphasize the word unparalleled in the context of the 
competition that we face. We are today present at nearly 20,000 outlets across 
the country. We cover more than 60% of Tehsils in the country and the Charminar 
brand is known for exceptional product quality. 
 
On the strength of these assets in a difficult market, we have actually extended 
our market leadership in terms of both market share, where we are the clear 
number one, and also our ability to command a price premium over our peers. We 
registered a top line growth of 4% during the quarter, recording for us the highest 
ever Q1 sales volume, highest-ever Q1 revenue and also internally for us, highest 
ever production numbers for this quarter. 
 
Going forward, we will remain steadfast on our objective of growing our market 
share by deeper market penetration. At the same time, the team will continue its 

 
Page 4 of 26 
 
laser sharp focus on cost management. As displayed in this quarter, robust 
profitability despite a weaker price regime is a trend that we would like to 
continue in coming quarters as well. 
 
In Building solutions, we grew by 8% over last year. The successful expansion in 
the East and the seamless integration of ‘FastBuild’ business have been 
instrumental in augmenting our volumes. Birla Aerocon continues to be a truly 
premium brand and stands for quality in the markets that we serve. Efforts made 
by our technical sales team has also ensured that we command a price premium 
over competition in both, Blocks and Panels. In this quarter, we have served over 
550 projects across the country and are sitting on an equally healthy and robust 
pipeline for projects in the coming months and quarters. 
 
The strike in Chennai and short-term demand blip in North and West market 
constrained our growth in this quarter. However, as these factors subside and as 
our planned capacity expansions in Golan, Jhajjar and Hyderabad come on stream 
in quarter 2, we are confident of resuming an even higher growth and profitability 
trajectory. Further, we continue to scout for opportunities for both inorganic and 
organic capacity expansion possibly in the Southern region. 
 
Putty, a part of the Polymer solutions cluster for us has faced competitive 
challenges. We have reduced our manufacturing costs by optimizing the recipe in 
the last 12 months. At the same time, we are actively exploring new markets to 
sustain our growth momentum. Construction Chemicals, the new segment that 
we introduced last year, is on a promising trajectory with plans to enrich our 
product assortment and capitalize on synergies with the broader operations to 
drive further success. 
 
Before I conclude, I will spend a few minutes on another exciting part of the HIL 
portfolio. Over the last few years, we have been quietly scripting an impressive 
success story in the Pipes and Fitting segment. And let me share some reasons why 
we are so excited about it, and we feel proud of what has been achieved in this 
segment. 
 
Since FY20, we have grown by about 32% CAGR versus an industry growth of 
anywhere between 8% to 10% during the same period. In this time, we have built 
a strategic launch pad to build a significantly more scaled-up business. Let me 
outline what these strategic levers are. 
 
First and foremost, we today sit on a national footprint of manufacturing and 
distribution network, which allows us to serve practically every market in the 
country. We, today, have a comprehensive product portfolio, which spans more 
than 1,500 SKUs and offers certain unique technology like our TrueFiTTM 
technology that enables 100% leakproof joints and is a significant value 
proposition for the end consumers that we serve. 

 
Page 5 of 26 
 
 
With the recent commissioning of the state-of-the-art multilayer Foam Core 
production line, we are amongst only a handful of players that offer underground 
drainage products. And in the coming months, you will see more innovations on 
the product side being shared with you as we expand our portfolio further. 
 
The third dimension towards strategic muscle is a front-loaded capex in 
production capacity. With Industry 4.0, AI enablement and digitization, these 
production plants are at a level of sophistication, which is comparable to none in 
the industry. 
 
Fourth, state-of-the-art R&D facility which provides in-house compounding and 
stabilizer development technology for us. Our R&D team has developed 
capabilities of product engineering with the help of FTIR and XRF methodologies. 
 
And finally, we have a digitally enabled sales team and customer service function, 
which is delivering superior service to our end consumers and customers. 
 
In quarter 1 too, we grew our volumes by 17% in Pipes and Fittings. Hidden within 
this story is nearly 37% growth in retail volumes in this period. The slowdown that 
the industry has witnessed on the project construction side was a drag, which is 
why the compounded volumes have grown at about 17%. I will highlight that our 
sales realization per metric ton in this segment is amongst the best in the industry, 
and it's driven by a carefully curated product mix. I feel leveraging our brand 
legacy, we are poised for significant growth in this segment, and this is another 
segment, which I will highlight that we should all watch out for within the HIL 
staple. 
 
Overall, aligned with our growth plan, we remain resolute in making directed 
investments to enhance capabilities in research, production and business 
development. Simultaneously, we are taking proactive measures to rationalize 
cost structures and digitize manufacturing processes. These strategic actions are 
propelling us towards the HIL of tomorrow.  
 
Before I conclude, I would like to express my deep gratitude to our outgoing Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Saikat Mukhopadhyay. Throughout his tenure, he has been 
an invaluable member of our team, providing strategic financial guidance and 
playing a pivotal role in driving our organization's success. 
 
At the same time, I am pleased to share that Mr. Ajay Kapadia has stepped into 
the role of Chief Financial Officer, with a long tenure at HIL before him. We believe 
he has the right credentials to facilitate and accelerate the growth part that we 
are on both, in India and outside India.  
 
To conclude, and I would apologize for a slightly longer opening remark from my 
side than usual. I thought it's important that all of you stakeholders share the 

 
Page 6 of 26 
 
excitement and energy that we feel about HIL's prospects and the confidence with 
which we are approaching the segments that we play in.  
 
I will now request our CFO, Ajay, to provide a detailed overview of our financial 
performance during the quarter. And both of us will be available after that to 
answer any questions you may have. Thank you for your attention and time. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Thank you, Akshat. Good morning and thank you all for joining us on the call today. 
I would like to take this opportunity to provide an overview of our financial 
performance and operating highlights during Q1 FY24.  
 
The first quarter has set the tone for the financial year with volume growth in all 
business segments in India. We have reported revenues of Rs. 1,016 crores during 
the quarter as against Rs. 1,085 crores in Q1 FY23. 
 
Roofing Solutions business grew by 4% year-on-year to Rs. 466 crores. Despite 
sluggish demand, we continue to grow in volume and thereby further 
strengthening our market leadership position in the quarter and continue to enjoy 
customer loyalty. Higher fiber cost relative to Q1 last year has negatively impacted 
margins in this segment. This is now the new normal from a cost perspective, and 
it may take a few quarters to fully offset this by increasing prices. However, our 
margins in this segment are the highest amongst all Roofing players. 
 
The Building Solutions business grew by 8% year-on-year during Q1 FY24, coming 
in at Rs. 134 crores. During the quarter, revenue and profits were negatively 
impacted on account of the ongoing strike at Chennai. We are hopeful that an 
amicable solution will be arrived very soon, and Chennai operations will be 
normalized. Margins in Blocks are lower during the quarter due to poor demand 
in the market, which led to lower price realization. However, we have been able 
to partially recover the negative impact by focusing on the development of 
alternate supply sources to keep our input costs lower. This situation is transient 
in nature, and we are confident of getting the margin back on track in coming 
months.  
 
Polymer Solutions business, de-grew by 16% year-on-year on a revenue basis to 
Rs. 120 crores as compared to Rs. 143 crores in Q1 FY23. This is on account of 
lower resin price as compared to last year. This despite a 17% year-on-year growth 
in volumes of Pipes and Fittings. With stabilization of input costs and strong efforts 
in cost management, I am happy to report healthy operating margins, which is 3x 
of last year. We believe that we are in the right profitability zone in the segment 
and will seek to further improve with growing scale.  
 
The Flooring Solutions that is Parador business de-grew by 20% year-on-year and 
stood at Rs. 294 crores in quarter 1 this year as compared to Rs. 365 crores in 
quarter 1 last year. Favorable raw material prices and proactive sourcing efforts 
have kept contribution margins healthy in this segment. The team is continuing to 

 
Page 7 of 26 
 
work on initiatives for additional cost savings. We continue to adapt to the current 
conditions, and our focus will be growing into Europe as well as globally. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 91 crores as compared to Rs. 137 crores during 
the last year same quarter. The consolidated profit before tax is Rs. 74 crores. We 
took several steps to improve the efficiencies in operating processes, positive 
impact of sourcing efforts, cost management and value enhancement initiatives 
to minimize the impact of external factors. They are yielding sustainable 
improvements in operational KPIs. 
 
Our focus on working capital optimization continued during the quarter. HIL India 
is debt free as on 30th June. Our debt at consolidated level stood at Rs. 294 crores. 
The total debt-to-equity ratio stands at 0.23. We are confident in our ability to 
grow our performance footprint and create healthy cash flows going forward.  
 
Now I conclude my opening remarks and request the moderator to open the floor 
for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL. Please go ahead.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
I just had a couple of questions on the Roofing side. First is, I think what you said 
in the opening remarks is the fiber cost is now at a new level and still under 
recovery in terms of the raw material cost inflation, correct me, if I heard it right? 
So, the question is basically if you can just provide, what is the extent of under 
recovery? And any perspective you can share in terms of the market share trends 
and the price premium which we used to have vis-a-vis competition. So that's 
question one. 
Akshat Seth: 
Okay. So, to give you a context, the price increase that has happened in fiber is to 
the extent and compared to the last year is to the extent of anywhere between 
22% to 24%. We have, in this quarter, managed to increase prices by nearly 3% in 
that zone, which means the percentage under recovery is about 60%. We expect 
no real change or movement or decline in the fiber cost. So, this is, as Ajay said, 
the new normal. From a price to catch up, we think it will take a few quarters. 
However, that gap will start closing in the coming quarter itself. So, we should start 
narrowing that gap in this period. 
 
From a price premium point of view, as I said, given our brand strength and our 
leadership position, we have traditionally enjoyed a premium in the market. Our 
estimate is that premium is in the range of about 6% to 8%. And I would believe 
that should show up in the comparable profitability and margins compared to our 
peers when all the results are out. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, the second question is largely in terms of the market dynamics or the 
competition dynamics in Roofing. One of the larger competitors had expanded 
capacity a couple of quarters back. And there was some aggression in terms of 

 
Page 8 of 26 
 
more volume-led sales, hence the pressure on prices. What is that you are seeing 
now in the marketplace, so is there now rationality among competition? And 
similarly, in terms of the demand environment as well. So, the under absorption 
of a 5% to 6% inflation, can that be now passed on in coming quarters? I mean is 
that how others also looking in the marketplace? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, let me pick up the various threads you highlighted from an overall demand 
outlook perspective, if we go by the evidence of Q1 you are right, there is no real 
growth that we are seeing at an overall industry level. And that buoyance to an 
intensifying competition amongst the incumbents. And that played out in quarter 
1 also in terms of the price regime and the ability to pass on the cost increase as 
price increases. That impact has been muted, as I said. So overall, we do not think 
that there will be a step change in the overall demand in the industry and hence, 
capacity additions happening find less basis at least from our perspective. 
 
There will be players, and we will be amongst them who will be aiming to increase 
the market share, but we have enough flex on our capacity. So, we hope to 
increase those volumes without putting in additional capex in the plants that we 
have. On the ability to sort of pass on the price, the cost increase, as I said, the 
trend on a small note has started. Our expectation is it will take anywhere between 
six months to nine months for it to be fully absorbed. So that's where we stand 
from a market scenario perspective. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. And the last part, again, on Roofing is, do we see any further new capacity 
being added in the market or any rationalization of existing capacity in the 
industry? 
Akshat Seth: 
This increase or decrease or rationalization at the moment seems to be on the 
margins, they are not really affecting in any major way, the overall dynamics in the 
various regions that we play in. They are more on the margins and are not really 
affecting the larger play in the marketplace. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. And if I can just squeeze in one more question. On the broader strategy, so 
in the opening remarks, we have seen addition in the senior management level, 
we got a person heading Parador. So, in terms of the broader capacity building 
either in terms of people or processes. Is that process by and large over? Are we 
still seeing gaps and any perspective you can give on that? 
Akshat Seth: 
The principal answer is that, the process is never over. We are on a journey of 
continuous improvement. So, we will keep pushing the envelope on the work we 
do. But for the immediate milestones that we had set for ourselves around quarter 
1 and halfway mark of the year, we are on track. The augmentation that was 
planned at the leadership level across both, India and in Europe is, by and large, in 
place. 

 
Page 9 of 26 
 
 
These augmentations also need a little bit of time to stabilize and be fully 
embedded in the system. But I can assure you that they have hit the ground 
running. And we feel greater momentum on our side as we go towards our larger 
vision over the next 2-3 years with this augmentation that has happened. But 
pushing the envelope on process, capability, capacity is something that is a 
continuous process. With this augmentation, I feel there is greater momentum 
behind that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Good afternoon. Best of luck to the outgoing CFO and also congratulations to Ajayji 
for the appointment as CFO. My question is, if you could provide utilization level 
for this quarter in all the categories. And also, you said that fiber pricing is going 
to be the new normal and with 3% increase in price, we still have 60% under 
recovery in terms of price increase, we have seen in fiber. So, at what level, let's 
say, 5% to 6%, 7% price increase maybe 2%, 3% down the line, can we achieve the 
earlier margin we used to do in this Roofing segment? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. So just answering the second question first. If we keep the cost structure same 
as what we observed in Q1 and we increased the price level by another 3% to 4%, 
we should largely be back on the margins that you have seen in the past. From a 
utilization point of view, in both Blocks and Roofing, we are in the high 90%. So, 
Roofing will be closer to the 100% mark. Panels and Boards is at about 80% 
utilization. And the rest of the segments are about 70% odd from a capacity 
utilization perspective. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, Pipe segment, we are still at 70%, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
In fact, I would say that's a source of strength for us. As I said in my opening 
remarks, in Pipes, we have actually front-loaded the capacity build, so that we can 
grow quickly. Part of the reason why the growth has been fast is because we have 
not sort of been constrained on the capacity side. And that will remain a core part 
of our strategy. So, we get a lot of confidence by the fact that, we can ramp up 
quickly and we have the capacity to do it. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And for next one to two years perspective, which product will be more 
focused area in terms of where do you see the growth coming in and where we 
need to build more capacity? Of course, you said this fiber, Roofing segment is 
going to be stagnant for, in terms of growth. But within Building solution and 
Polymer business and Flooring business, which will be the more focused area for 
you, where we see more growth coming in for the next one to two years 
perspective? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, if you look at all our segments beyond Roofing, so Building solution, Pipes, 
Putty and Construction Chemical and Flooring. So, there are those four segments. 

 
Page 10 of 26 
 
We expect to double our size in each one of them in the next three-odd years. You 
can apply the growth rates, but each one of them is important for achieving the 
larger vision we are going after. And will be the larger chunks of absolute growth 
that HIL registers in this period. 
 
And in fact, if I go back to Viraj's question previously, a part of the reason why we 
have augmented the leadership team is to ensure, we can fire on all these 
cylinders simultaneously without compromising one for the other. In Roofing also, 
we feel there is, of course, not at the same clip as the other four segments, but 
there will be some opportunity to grow on the margins. Growth rate, I agree, will 
be lower than what we will experience in the other segments. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And lastly, a few quarters back when Dhirup was there, so he was also talking 
about introducing some new product altogether to reach our 1 billon because 
listing products may not be sufficient to this 1 billion. So, have you worked on 
those lines that introducing some new product or any new business category 
altogether? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, I am not sure, what is the timeline of the observation that you are making, but 
the most recent addition of a new product line is on Construction Chemicals, 
where we feel we have just about started, and the growth potential is 
tremendous. So if you ask me from a new perspective, that is the one that we will 
be focusing on. The other categories, we already have a presence, and the idea is 
to scale up to our true potential in each of those categories. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. First of all, I wanted to understand 
something on the seasonality part, generally is, the first quarter is the best quarter 
for us. So how is our trend in terms of seasonality over the years? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, quarter 1 from a Roofing point of view is the most pronounced quarter. For 
other products, the seasonality effect is not that pronounced. Of course, quarter 
2, given we are in the Building product segment and the impact of range has a play 
but that's true across all our product segments. So Q2 slightly softer, Q1 from a 
Roofing point of view is typically the biggest quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. And Roofing stands to have a major contribution to our revenue, right? 
So, the overall sense of revenue, it gives a push, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
Again, as I said in my opening remarks, less than 30% of our portfolio. And hence, 
I am not sure if we have to say that it's the most important part of the revenue 
pie. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Understood. Fair enough. And sir, my second question is on EBITDA margin. I mean 
you did speak in terms of price points also catching up and so our margins can be 

 
Page 11 of 26 
 
back to earlier levels of a particular segment. But at the company level, what 
should be our aspirational margins that on a steady-state basis, we should be 
looking at? 
Akshat Seth: 
And I am going back to something that we shared in our last call as well. At a steady 
state level, anything in the early teens, so 12% to 14% would be the first milestone 
for us to hit. And I am sharing our internal aspirations as well, and that's in the 
relatively short run. After that, maybe we discuss this question once more, but 
that at least the first milestone, we want to hit. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And that is at the company level, we are talking 12% to 14% rate? 
Akshat Seth: 
Company level operating margin, yes.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And any timeline, I mean, short term, one to two years, could be a fair kind of 
timeline, that we will target? 
Akshat Seth: 
That would be a fair timeline to be exact. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Vora, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Amit Vora: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Then, thanks for taking my question. The first 
question is related to Parador. So, the losses in this quarter also have expanded. 
When can we see -- or are you seeing any green shots there? 
Akshat Seth: 
From a seasonality point of view, given the holiday season, Q2 is slightly soft, and 
it's always been like this. Q3 onwards is where we expect normal service to resume 
from two counts. One in the markets that are traditionally the home markets for 
us in Central Europe. Post the holiday season, there is a spurt in activity. So, we 
expect that to come into play. 
 
Equally in the last three to six months, there has been a strong focus of diversifying 
beyond these home markets. We are sitting on a very healthy pipeline of order 
book from these markets, and those will start coming into play from Q3 onwards. 
So, we should start seeing the trend reversing in that period. 
Amit Vora: 
When you say healthy order book, if you can put a number to that? 
Akshat Seth: 
It's a difficult one, because I do not want to be taken out of context. But I will give 
a small flavor of the overall picture. I mentioned in my opening remarks that 
Commercial is a new segment that we are opening up. And Commercial today, we 
are sitting on a pipeline of orders. So please understand a pipeline would mean 
first, the order has to be booked, then there is a delivery time, when the revenue 
gets booked. But today, we are sitting on an order book of nearly EUR 75 million, 
which is today about 25%, 30% of our total business Commercial as a segment. 
And hence, that gives us a strong conviction on the prospects, Q3 and beyond for 
us. 

 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Amit Vora: 
Understood. My second question is relating to the new appointment that you have 
mentioned in your presentation as well. So, if you can just give some background 
of the gentleman, I think, he's going to be taking care of the Parador operations? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's right. So, as I mentioned, his name is David Bradham more popularly called 
Neel. He has nearly three decades of experience in the Flooring industry globally. 
Has worked with some of the largest players in this space on both, the Soft 
Flooring and the Hard Flooring side. So, you would be familiar with companies like 
Mohawk, Interface and Milliken, which was his most recent organization. 
 
What is also very relevant is the diversity of experience he brings in. He has worked 
across geographies. So, he is an American, but has worked in North America, in 
Europe and in Asia Pacific. He is very familiar with India as a market, for instance. 
He has played a variety of roles in these organizations. 
 
So, he has been on the operations side, on the commercial and sales side, and 
more recently was a P&L leader for an entire region for Milliken. Also, comes from 
an investment banking and strategy consulting background. So, we feel there is a 
well-rounded experience that he brings in and is the right leader to push for the 
EUR 500 million aspiration that I had mentioned in my opening remarks. 
Amit Vora: 
Okay. I just have another two questions, then I'll jump back in the queue. One is 
on the in-principal approval for a EUR 10 million that you have taken an approval 
for infusing in Parador. And the second is you have sold some assets that you've 
mentioned in your notes. If you can just elaborate on these, then I jump back in 
the queue. 
Akshat Seth: 
Okay. So, the first question is on Parador. Now this is just a provision that we have 
taken for possible short-term cash management, and there are essentially two 
elements. So, one is what I mentioned. Second, there will be some investments as 
we are seeding new markets and building our teams and capabilities in this 
market. There will be some investment that will be required to grow those 
markets. So essentially, it's in that nature. In terms of the asset sale, Ajay, may I 
request you to share the details? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Good morning, Amitji. This is basically an unproductive asset. We are unlocking 
our values by disposing off those assets and we can utilize this money in more 
productive ways in the business. As seen in the last 4 to 5 years, every year, we 
sell some of such assets and then plough back that money into the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Satish Kumar from InCred Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Satish Kumar: 
Yes. I have a question on Parador. How is the demand shaping up right now? I 
mean, in terms of Y-o-Y, I know it's a seasonally weak period, but how generally 
the demand is right now? 

 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Akshat Seth: 
So overall demand scenario, again, we have to sort of look at it from the 
perspective of what's happening in Europe and this whole situation sort of started 
playing out last year, when the Ukraine war broke out. We've seen a period of high 
inflation, now followed by a period of high interest rates. And that has led to 
subdued consumer sentiment, which is playing out also in the Construction 
segment and so on. 
 
So overall, in that market and in that geography, the demand scenario has been 
subdued compared to even what it was last year. But that said, the good news or 
at least the silver lining is one of the measures which was driving a lot of this 
activity, which is high inflation, which touched a peak of nearly 9% is now down to 
about the 6% mark. 
 
The interest rate statement being made by central banks are more conciliatory in 
the last two terms. And we expect that situation to sort of ease out in coming 
quarters. What we are very bullish about is given the product portfolio we sit in 
and the universal applicability of that product portfolio, there are natural markets 
which offer a hedge to the demand scenario that we see in Europe. So North 
America, Middle East, and Asia are opportunities that we are tapping into, which 
will help offset the weakness that we see in the short run as far as Europe is 
concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, just wanted to 
move that a couple of quarters back about a year, year and half back, we had set 
out on USD 1 billion revenue aspiration by FY26. Are we still holding on to that 
aspiration? Have we pushed it back or do we have a revised target? 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Alisha. So, on the record answer is, yes, we are holding on to it. The off 
the record answer is we are aiming higher. But let's keep that aside. I think a large 
part of that conviction and confidence comes from what we are doing with the 
Parador business where, as I stated earlier, there is a big transformational push 
that we are making across multiple fronts. There is a strong push being done in 
the Indian markets as well to tap the full potential of the business segments we 
operate in. 
 
If you just do a simple math and leaving roofing aside, the simple aspiration is to 
double our revenue in each of the other segments that we play in. And that gets 
us closer to the USD 1 billion mark that you mentioned. There is, of course, some 
inorganic play that will also come into that story. But short answer to your 
question, we are firmly behind that aspiration and feel quite confident of achieving 
it in the timeframe you mentioned. 

 
Page 14 of 26 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
That’s great. Just a clarification, you mentioned to an earlier participant that as a 
company, steady state margins to be at 12%, 14%. So, we're expecting those kinds 
of margins to come by FY26? 
Akshat Seth: 
That's correct. If you recall, one of the themes that we keep talking about 
internally and we had shared with all of you last time is -- it's not just growth that 
we are after. We are after value-building growth. And hence, we have to fire on 
both these engines. There has to be a sustained and aggressive growth on the top 
line. Equally, it should make sense from a profitability point of view. So again, short 
answer, yes. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sure. As the Roofing side, you could mention that the fibre cost is relatively higher, 
but we're also seeing some weakness in demand, and Q1 is seasonally the 
strongest quarter and the price hike taken has not been enough. Is there scope to 
take more price hikes in the remaining three quarters, keeping in mind that 
normally the price in Q1 is sort of what works for the rest of the year and the 
competitive intensity also? And in that case, how will the margins for the rest of 
the year be, similar to Q1? 
Akshat Seth: 
Similar to Q1, slight improvement. I think there are some early signs that -- which 
are encouraging. For instance, start of Q2, month of July traditionally has been a 
period. And now I'm talking beyond the ambit of the first quarter. July typically 
experiences a drop of about 3% to 4% in market price, maybe 4% to 5%, and that's 
been the trend every year. I'm happy to say, in July, our attempt and maybe some 
other players would have replicated it is to not drop the prices. Now that itself is 
a good sign. If we manage to sustain and hold on, then there is some optimism 
about bridging the gap sooner rather than later. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, sure. And is that the capex that we were doing on the building materials, on 
the pipe side is all coming or is share any other capex that's currently in the 
pipeline or that expense this year? 
Akshat Seth: 
For this year, it's essentially on building solutions and where we are doing some 
capacity augmentation and reconfiguration. And there is some on the pipe side, 
but that's about it. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Was it the capex for the year? 
Akshat Seth: 
Nearly what we had shared last time to the tune of about Rs. 150 crores this year. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Sure. And just one last question with respect to Parador, when we done the 
acquisition. You used to say that India was called as niche market. Plan was 
eventually to grow that business in India. But most of our commentary right now 
has been to focus on the international markets only. Is there market for that in 
India, a new scope of growing that business in India? 

 
Page 15 of 26 
 
Akshat Seth: 
Let me clarify. I think my commentary is about looking at the various opportunities 
that are in front of us and be able to balance our focus across all of them. So, while 
international and what we do with Parador is a strong focus area, the realization 
of opportunity in the Indian space remains an equal focus for all of us. 
 
The marriage of the two, which is Parador in India is something that we are 
working on. And by the time we come back for the next call, we would be able to 
share more detailed contours of that strategy here. But it is something which is in 
the works, and we are working actively to try and scale that into a meaningful 
business for us in India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from Nidara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, you mentioned 
that Roofing has seen a sluggish start in Q1. Is there any chance of spillover of 
revenue in Q2, a part of the revenue which we may have missed in Q1? 
Akshat Seth: 
We are hopeful. Internally, what we are planning is to cover some of the lost 
ground in Q1 within Q2 and some maybe in the following months, but we are 
hopeful. 
Chirag Shah:  
Okay. And sir, would you be able to give us the breakup of revenue in Blocks and 
Panels and Boards separately? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, of course. So overall, from a Building Solutions perspective, we had 
mentioned that the revenue is about Rs. 134 crores, of which Rs. 77 crores come 
from Blocks and the rest comes from Panels and Boards. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. And sir, would the margins be similar in the 12%, 13% EBITDA margins and 
margins would be in what range in these two segments? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, blocks will be in the 10% range. For the rest, it's more in the 20% range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
Yes. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the Parador part of 
the business. We have seen a decent improvement in gross margins. And 
generally, if we see historically, we have been in the range of 48% to 50% in 
Parador. So, is it fair to say that by the end of this year, let's say, Q4, we can reach 
those gross margins? And if we reach those levels, what kind of EBITDA margins 
can we see in the business? 
Akshat Seth: 
Let me give a flavor of where the financials from a Parador perspective look like. 
At a contribution margin level and overall cost structure, I feel we are where we 
need to be. On raw material price, the price evolution and the solid work that the 
team has done on sourcing, diversifying their sourcing mix, etc., means that from 

 
Page 16 of 26 
 
a material cost perspective, again, we are in the right zone, where we need to 
push. The third place where we are in the right zone is on price realization. Despite 
the pressure that we have seen in the market, one major victory is that we have 
managed to hold on to our price levels. 
 
So those are all the positives, and we seem to be in the right structure, right ratios 
there. You will see a big jump as revenues ramp up. A lot of that will start flowing 
down to the EBITDA level. So again, I do not think structurally, there is a lot that 
has to be done from the P&L perspective. The impact of revenue increase and 
scale up is something that you will start seeing. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
And that is something you mentioned should be more visible from the third 
quarter onwards, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
That is correct. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
Understood. Sir, and just one clarification. When you mentioned that we have EUR 
75 million of orders in the pipeline. Is this something which is executable in this 
particular year? And can you also highlight the margins that you do in the 
commercial business versus the retail at a gross margin level as well? 
Akshat Seth: 
So again, I'm clarifying and that's why I was hesitant sharing that number. This is a 
lead pipeline. It has to be converted into orders and then those orders have to be 
serviced, okay? We are hopeful that a fair chunk of that gets translated, but you 
would apply the normal ratios of win ratio from leads to order. For those that get 
converted into orders, given we are sitting at the start of Q2, there is a fair chance 
that a lot of those will get converted to revenue this year. That said, we will also 
continuously keep adding to the lead pipeline as we go on. 
 
In terms of profitability, in the long run at steady state, commercial should be 
more remunerative than the segments that we play in. But given we are entering 
that segment in many new geographies; we would hope to be at least at par with 
our current margin structure and gross margin with those commercial customers. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just one question on the long-term aspiration in Parador where you 
are talking about if I just convert in India around Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 4,500 
crores of visibility in revenue over the next 5 years. When we look at that number, 
we are talking about a CAGR growth of somewhere around 25%, which is definitely 
quite optimistic. So, if you can highlight when you want to achieve those kinds of 
revenues, which are the geographies, if you can break it up for us, how much 
would come from Europe, North America, Asia. That would be useful. 
Akshat Seth: 
If you are okay, some of the finer details, we can share with you off-line. But the 
broad geographies in terms of where this growth will come from is what I 
highlighted, Europe, in general, will contribute about 50% of our portfolio in that 
scenario. And the remaining 50% has to come from North America, Middle East 

 
Page 17 of 26 
 
and two or three key geographies in Asia Pacific. The exact split across those 
countries will play out. I would expect North America to be the largest of that 
chunk, followed by the other two geographies. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
I'll take this off-line sir. No problem. Just quickly on the pipes business, and 
specifically, can you give us a breakup on the EBIT numbers between pipes and 
putty for this quarter? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
In pipes and in both the businesses, EBITDA margins are more or less same in the 
range of 6% to 7%. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
And there was no element of inventory loss or... 
Ajay Kapadia: 
No, not in this quarter. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
Okay. And for FY24, what kind of margin guidance you would give for just the 
polymer solution business given that we are seeing a decent growth in that 
business? 
Akshat Seth: 
We should be able to sustain the margins you've seen in quarter 1, which itself 
was a big jump from where we were last year. Depending on how you look at it, 
we have seen a 2.5 to 3 times jump as far as that profitability in turn for polymers. 
So, we are hopeful of sustaining that trend. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
Got it. And just one last clarification, sir. Just on the Pipes capacity, can you 
highlight what is the current capacity we have? And what is the mix between PVC 
and CPVC currently? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, from a capacity point of view, we are at about 70% utilization, so you have a 
sense of where we are. From a PVC & CPVC, depending on which month we hover 
between 40% to 45% CPVC and the rest is UPVC and other products. 
Nikhil: Gada: 
And sir, out of the Rs. 150 crores, how much capex would be for pipes in FY24? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
It's in the range of Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores in this year. This also includes 
some infrastructure-related capex in this segment. 
Akshat Seth: 
If I may just highlight, the product mix is something that we feel the CPVC to rest 
is something that we feel is also a very carefully curated mix that we enjoy. And 
that mix gives us a better sense of profitability and that mix is probably very 
favorable compared with our peers in the industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tushar Sarda from Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. You guided for doubling revenue in 3 years. So, is 
this going to be all organic in the 3 segments? Or this includes acquisitions? 

 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Akshat Seth: 
It will include acquisitions. The exact extent will be hard to predict, but it may play 
out more in certain segments, less in others. But it definitely will include inorganic 
as well. 
Tushar Sarda: 
So, what would be the organic growth in that case, if you can give guidance 
segment-wise?  
Akshat Seth: 
As I said, that's a slightly difficult one, because you are aware, inorganic is 
sometimes a function of the opportunities out there. So, it's hard for me at this 
moment to say what part of this growth will be organically driven and what will be 
inorganically driven? If you put a gun on my head, I would... 
Tushar Sarda: 
Guidance, I'm asking for guidance on organic growth in each of the segments. That 
should be relatively easy. 
Akshat Seth: 
Which if I understand the question correctly, it's just one minus that of the 
inorganic, right? 
Tushar Sarda: 
No, no, I'm asking, sir, for example, Parador what will be the organic growth, 
polymer solution, what will be the organic growth over the next 3 years and 
building solutions, what will be the organic growth? 
Akshat Seth: 
Let me give you some flavor to it. My sense is of the growth story that we are 
charting out of doubling in each of these segments, roughly 60% to 70% should 
come through organic means and 30% should come from inorganic means, when 
we look at the overall picture for the next 3-odd years. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Okay, I think that helps. Thanks. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you. I hope it answers your question. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Yes, yes, it does. And I think you've explained your plans in great detail, so really 
appreciate that. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment 
Management. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Hi. My first question is you mentioned that in this quarter, you are in the Building 
Solutions. As you highlighted, Rs. 77 crores were from the block business. So was 
this number similar for even say FY23, 60-40. So, 60 from the panels and blocks in 
remaining for Boards and Panels? Was it similar in FY23 also? 
Akshat Seth: 
It was roughly the same, although I would say the share of Panels and Boards has 
increased a little bit. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure. So, the next question I had was, so you had also announced some 
expansion here, I can almost 36,000 tons of expansion for panels, which in the 
annual report you had confirmed was commercialized. I wanted an update. So, is 

 
Page 19 of 26 
 
the boards capacity also commercialized, which was almost 30,000 tons, which 
you had announced in 2021 announcement, you can confirm that? 
Akshat Seth: 
On the Panel side of the total 36,000, the first lot has been commercialized, and 
we'll start seeing those numbers from this month onwards. On Boards, the one in 
Hyderabad will again start coming on stream from this month onwards. 
Deep Gandhi: 
And sir, just a continuation of this question, what kind of asset terms is possible 
you are expecting from both of this expansion? And when do you think you'll be 
able to reach the optimum utilization here? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, asset terms that we would expect will be in the zone of 1.3 to 1.5. We should 
be able to start hitting in boards and panels in the short term. So maximum about 
3-odd months for us to fully start running on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Bharat Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to understand on this Parador business, 
when we are talking almost in our journey to $1 billion. So, 50% we are expecting 
from Parador and when we are talking about, say, 12% to 13% or 14% kind of 
margin journey. So how do we expect the Parador contribution on the margin side 
from 2 to 3 years perspective, when we reach or 3 to 4 years, say, EUR 500 million 
revenue. If you can give some color. And second, and we are talking of commercial 
vis-a-vis B2C. So, can it cannibalize our B2C business if same commercial people, I 
mean start selling to our customers, how do we want to differentiate. And third 
is, I mean, really, commercial is that high-margin business. Of course, it may give 
us a higher top line, but EBITDA would be a little under a lower side? 
Akshat Seth: 
Okay. Thank you. So, on the margins, we would expect, again, as a first milestone 
for Parador margins to be double digits. So at least the 10% to 12% mark is what 
we are internally targeting in the overall blended margin structure that I shared 
with you. Your second question is commercial cannibalizing? 
Bharat Sheth: 
B2C business. 
Akshat Seth: 
Correct. The way it is structured, Bharat, in Europe and the developed markets is 
that there is less potential of cannibalization. What we call as non-commercial or 
residential is basically being used by customers as DIY and home users, whereas 
commercial is large projects, office space, residential, etc., being used. The 
channel is very different. And the way the dynamics work because in developed 
markets, there is a strong buying power that the large retail chains, etc., have 
there is a potential to not get caught in that and hence, command at least the 
same margin as in the existing business. 
 
If I look at other companies, and I'm borrowing from the example that we were 
talking with Neel also, big companies like Interface, Milliken focus only on 

 
Page 20 of 26 
 
commercial because the margin structure there tends to be better than playing in 
the residential segment. That said, I'm also cautious that given we are making an 
entry into that segment, it may take a while for it to stabilize. But even at the start, 
we would be at least as good as our current margin structure. There is no question 
of eroding the margin structure at all. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And sorry, I mean, further to that, I mean, will it be a different geography that we 
want to play or only in Europe. So, if you can give some color on that. And second, 
how will be the working capital structure will be vis-a-vis our retail business? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, geographies, I mentioned, of course, Europe will be a big bullwork of the 
operations we have. At the same time, the idea is that the combination of North 
America, Middle East and two or three select markets in Asia Pacific, together are 
at least as large as Europe. And that is where the diversification will happen. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So, you in commercial also, we are looking at those markets? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. And the beauty of somewhere commercial market, and I'll give a couple of 
examples. For instance, a lot of the pipeline that we have developed in Middle East 
is through our relationship with architects in Europe and the key hubs in Europe. 
London, Milan, Paris are the three biggest hubs, because a lot of the specification 
that happens in markets like Saudi and UAE are through architects which sit in 
these places. And that is where we feel there is a natural advantage that we have 
with the made-in-Germany tag that we carry; the brand is known. It is something 
that we need to furnish and service that channel. So, there are nuances and 
dynamics around that. The short answer to your question is, in each of these 
geographies, we would want to carefully select the mix of commercial versus non-
commercial. But I do not envisage a scenario where we do only one and not the 
other. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, on the point of the Roofing part, sir, structurally, if whatever you 
narrated over the meeting point, it is clear that this year, we -- even after the 
seasonality factors that come into play, there has been no reduction in the prices, 
which generally happens in the month of July. So, taking that into account, do we 
expect that the worst in terms of the cost of fiber part is over for the roofing 
segment? How structurally is correctly the roofing segment? And how is the 
demand, especially from the rural side because of this erratic monsoon behavior, 
as has been the case many times. So, if you could give some more color on the 
same. 
Akshat Seth: 
So, let me try to cover the various trends you asked. On cost side, and that's the 
easier part perhaps, I do not think and maybe there was a hint of a suggestion 
from your side that will the cost of inputs go down? We do not think that is likely 

 
Page 21 of 26 
 
to happen. The cost level that we see is the new normal. There will be continued 
inflationary pressures on that. So, we will have to manage that bit. That's point 
number one. On pricing, you are right. In July, there is a positive sentiment on that. 
But whether that sentiment continues for the remaining 8 months is also highly 
dependent on how the demand situation holds. 
 
So, for instance, if, for whatever reason, demand is weaker than what we 
anticipate in holding on to price levels or increasing price level will be tougher, if 
not impossible. Your last part on what is the general outlook on demand. So far, 
our feeling is despite what we have seen in short burst high volume, overall, the 
monsoon has been good. 
 
And typically, in our product segment, the impact of a good monsoon is really felt 
in the next season. But a good monsoon is always a good sign and should play out 
in due course. There will be other demand factors that we will have to wait and 
watch and see how that plays out overall from a rural economy perspective. But 
this sentiment and the signs are positive. But we have to be cautiously optimistic 
given the experience of Q1. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And if you look at the segmental results, when we take the stand-alone and 
the consolidation part, in the consolidation, there is a lot of hype in the Flooring 
segment, Flooring Solutions segment. So, what should be the likelihood of going 
ahead. Is the worst behind us in terms of the negative contribution from the 
segment going ahead? So just to sum up what is the indication from the first 
quarter in terms of the profitability going ahead? Is that tough being built now and 
we can very likely look for profitable journey going ahead? 
Akshat Seth: 
As I said in response to an earlier question, I think we should expect, Q3 onwards 
to be a brighter spot and for some level of normal service to start returning. Q2, 
given its traditionally a soft period and lower even in our plans, there is lower 
production and lower sales. Q3 onwards is where we should expect a positive 
trajectory to be resumed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. But what you mentioned about Q1, I missed Q1 being a big quarter for 
the Roofing segment. If we compare the current Q1 with last year, if you could 
give the like-to-like comparison between the demand and the inflation level. And 
also pan-India level, how has the inflation been for all the existing players, if you 
could give us competitive at or and an indication how Q1 was versus last year FY23. 
Akshat Seth: 
It will be difficult and possibly not right on my part to give utilization levels for 
other players. For us, here is how we saw the market, we feel there has been 
sluggish demand. Now whether it is flat, slightly lower at an aggregate level, we'll 
have to wait for the industry figures to come out. In that scenario, we have grown 
by about 4% on a top line basis. 

 
Page 22 of 26 
 
 
There has been some increase on the price side, about 2%, 2.5%, and the 
remaining is volume increase. So, we have experienced growth, but we also know 
this growth has come in a difficult market situation. And in a period like this, the 
brand strength, our channel reach and our market coverage really helped us in 
gaining this share. So, we also believe we have increased our market share in this 
period. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And as a last point on the fiber part, you mentioned that there are no signs of the 
fiber price is even correcting going forward. So what factors are actually 
supporting the higher fiber prices. Is this the geopolitical part that is playing out? 
Because every commodity, every other aspect has not only corrected, but many 
of them have even come down to below pre-COVID levels. So what factors are 
actually contributing to this high trend upward? And what would be the trajectory 
for the coming years for sort of further fiber prices? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, fiber and this is at a macro level, it's a supply constraint situation. There are 
very few sources of fiber globally. And most of those sources are also in 
geopolitically volatile geographies of the world. And hence, continued uncertainty 
in that segment also plays a part. But given fewer supply sources and not just for 
us in India globally, that means that there is a little bit of higher power in the hands 
of the suppliers. So that is factor number one. 
 
Factor number two, even for these miners and suppliers, the limited ones that I 
mentioned, there has been an escalation of cost structure in their respective 
countries as well, which they have passed on to us. Unless there is a massive drop 
in the demand situation, I do not know where there will be a correction in the fiber 
prices. Does that answer your question? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. That is what I was seeking, sir. This is because of the availability in few 
hands, that is the key reason why the same has not been getting corrected. We 
have no other mitigating step also in terms of. 
Akshat Seth: 
Correct. So that is the biggest contributory factor to this. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sanjay Kumar from ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First on Pipes, 17% volume growth in Q1 which is very 
good. But when I look at competitors, they've grown by 27%, 28% and on the 
leaders at 36%. So why are we lagging behind despite having 30% unutilized 
capacity? And what is driving this demand for us, even the 17% volume growth? 
Akshat Seth: 
Sure. So, two things. As I mentioned earlier, 17% also within that number is a 37% 
growth on the retail side for us. There is a drag on the project or commercial 
business that we do on Pipes. And that's why we see a blended number here. The 
second part of the story, which I had highlighted earlier is -- we are also carefully 

 
Page 23 of 26 
 
curating the portfolio so that it is a profitable portfolio above a certain threshold. 
In that piece, it is important to highlight that there is a big segment of Agri pipes, 
which is typically high volume, lower margin where we do not play. 
 
And I would imagine a lot of the numbers that you are quoting are essentially being 
propelled by the growth in the Agri segment, where season -- quarter 1 is typically 
the season and if you look at year-on-year, that is where the growth comes from. 
Now it's a choice that we have taken, and which is why the numbers compare. So, 
if you do a like-to-like comparison in the segments we play in, I am confident we'll 
be amongst the top 2 or 3 players. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Right. Makes sense. And second, on flooring. So, sales continue to degrow by 20%. 
Can you give the breakup of growth in, say, non-Europe growth versus big growth 
in Europe? That will be the first part. 
Akshat Seth: 
Sorry, if I may request Sanjay for you to repeat the question, I did not quite catch 
the question. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
So, sales for flooring segment, de-grew by 20% roughly. Can you give the breakup 
of this degrowth of growth in non-Europe versus Europe? 
Akshat Seth: 
Okay. So, I will share how we sort of do the division. There is our home segment is 
Central Europe, which is Germany and neighboring countries. There, the degrowth 
is about 8% to 9%. International, which today and traditionally for us was other 
European countries, so the Nordics, France, Spain, etc. There, the degrowth is to 
be at the extent of about 25%, 27%. The new markets that I spoke about are 
getting added to the portfolio, and you will see more significance in our pie in 
quarters to come. So Q3 onwards, you will start seeing all these other geographies 
playing a more pronounced role. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Right. Okay. And last quarter, you mentioned cost has stabilized, yet margins have 
deteriorated this quarter also. So please comment on the liquidity situation, given 
we have started posting cash losses adjusting for depreciation, and we're also 
infusing EUR 10 million. So, any thoughts on the liquidity and the cost structures? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, here is a very almost a daily level monitoring on the cash inventory and the 
whole cash velocity situation. These are scenarios which are planned. And 
typically, in this part of the year, because we stock up inventory for taking 
production cuts, there is a certain way in which we manage the cash situation. So, 
none of this is a surprise. It is all as per plan and cash position is in line with how 
we had envisaged it at the start of the year. So, there is no real concern. The 
infusion that you mentioned is partly for this and is partly for the future 
investments that we need to do in the markets we are entering. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Nothing to be worried about? 
Akshat Seth: 
Nothing to be worried about at all. 

 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay. Finally, on roofing. In a tough environment, we did 17% margins, which is 
very commendable. You even spoke about positive impact of efforts on sourcing. 
From the data I have, I think we seem to be importing much more than we used 
to from South Africa. Is it a new supplier? Or is it Russia being routed through 
South Africa, if you could get into the details of the positive impact of the sourcing 
that you spoke about, that will be very helpful. 
Akshat Seth: 
No. So, I think just referring back, Sanjay, to our previous question, the supply 
sources are limited as far as fiber is concerned. As a company, we always try and 
have a sourcing mix, which de-risks us in a worst-case scenario. So, month-on-
month, quarter-on-quarter, you will see there will be some up and down from a 
single source or the other, but that is all as per the strategic sourcing plan that the 
teams here have drawn up. We do not want to be over reliant on one supplier or 
the other, point one. Second, we also should be able to capitalize on any short-
term cost benefit that we might get. So, it's an interplay is almost being tracked 
on a weekly basis, and we choose our suppliers. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay. Can you comment on the Western suppliers as well, who do we buy our PVC 
and CPVC the sales from, because each player seems to have a sort of an 
agreement with one of the large players? 
Akshat Seth: 
We do not have a PVC sourcing or anything else from Russia. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
No. CPVC globally, if you could give the name of the supplier? Or is it confidential? 
Akshat Seth: 
A lot of that we can speak to you offline some of this are proprietary to how our 
sourcing plans play out. All of these are essentially Asian suppliers. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Right. Perfect. If I could squeeze one, 30% inorganic, are you looking at global 
through Parador because you've jumped your guidance from EUR 400 million to 
EUR 500 million now? Or are you looking at inorganic in India? 
Akshat Seth: 
Let's wait and watch for that space. We should leave some for future calls as well, 
right? 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhi Upadhyay from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. One on 
Parador. Akshat, you mentioned on the commercial side, we are a new player. But 
what is the total size of the commercial market where we were not present. And 
as of now, the demand or whatever we are getting, is it again in the Central 
Europe, which is the home market? Or is it across whole of Europe? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, typically, any market you pick up, commercial will be anywhere between 40% 
to 60% of the total flooring market. So that's really the size of the pie. We are new, 
but it's not that we have not done commercially in the past. We have done it 
tactically and not in a strategic push, which is what we are changing. 

 
Page 25 of 26 
 
 
In terms of geographies, the push from our side is, of course, we have to do a lot 
more commercial in our home base of European markets. But we are also opening 
up those opportunities in North America, in Middle East, in a couple of markets in 
Asia. So, the base in full bloom will look a lot more diversified from a geographical 
point of view than what it is today. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Sure. And just one last question. This is on the AAC blocks. We are a pretty old 
player in the market. And if I compare our margin profile, you mentioned we are 
around 10% to 12%. But if you compare another listed player, they have almost 
like 20%, 25% EBITDA margin in the business. While their scale and capacity-wise, 
is smaller than what we have, do you see the sense that this business can become 
significantly profitable? 
 
Or anything you have -- you think what on the margin profile how this business 
can scale up? And just a subsequent question now. We always talked that 30% of 
the business or revenue is coming from Roofing, but our profitability is still highly 
dependent upon Roofing. Now as a management, what kind of a guiding pillars 
you are working on to as to diversify that margin or cash flow generation also 
getting diversified away from these? 
Akshat Seth: 
Let me take that part of the question first. Small correction from my side, Roofing 
just being the largest segment, of course, the profit pool, there is still a big part of 
that, that comes from Roofing. However, profitability is interesting across our 
various other segments as well. So as the other segments scale up, you will see 
the diversification of the profit pool also being more balanced across the three 
other segments that I mentioned. So that's a question of how things scale up. And 
today, the relative size is such that your observation is actually correct. But as we 
ramp up, it will get corrected as a picture. 
 
From a Building Solutions point of view, we look at it from an overall consolidated 
blend. Our feel is that, yes, there is maybe some margin headroom that is still 
available, and we are going after that. The competitor you have in mind, you would 
appreciate different companies, different cost structures and cost overheads that 
they bring in. So, I honestly would not be able to comment as a comparison with 
that competitor you have in mind. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: 
Yes. No. The only thing was that do you think that this is a 10% kind of a business? 
Or do you think that even this business can scale up to, say, 14%, 15% kind of a 
margin profile? That's the only point I was trying to understand that. Like is the 
inherent nature of the business, 10%? Or do you think the inherent nature of the 
business is much more? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, I'm with you. Inherent nature from a potential point of view, 14%, 15% is very 
much possible. In fact, if you see the margins that we delivered last year were 
actually in that range. The 10% this quarter has had some headwinds, which are 

 
Page 26 of 26 
 
transient in nature. And as we resume normal service on that, we will be back in 
the same zone that you are talking about. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Miraj Shah from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Miraj Shah: 
I just had one clarification. In one of the questions earlier, you mentioned in 
Parador side business, there is an order pipeline of almost EUR 75 million. But I 
just wanted to clarify this that the following line, you mentioned that this is some 
25% to 50% of the total order pipeline. So, I just want to clarify this again. Is that 
only 25%, 30% of the total pipeline that you have? And it is in commercial, or have 
I understood it incorrectly somehow? 
Akshat Seth: 
Let me restate this. In this year, of our total revenue for Parador, we are likely to 
have 25% to 30% coming from commercial. That is statement one. Where that 
25% to 30% will come, that line of sight comes from the leads pipeline that we 
mentioned. That lead pipeline today stands at about 75 million. Now this 75 
million of leads has to translate into orders, and these orders have to then 
translate into invoices. That is the natural journey that these leads will undertake. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. 
And we'll hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you everyone. It's been a pleasure interacting with all of you over this call. 
We thank you for taking the time out and engaging with us today. We immensely 
value your continued interest and support for HIL. Meanwhile, if you have any 
further questions or clarifications, please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations desk, and we promise to get back and revert to you quickly. Thank you 
so much.  
 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
 
  
