 
 
 
TEXMACO 
 
                                             
 
REGD. OFFICE:  Belgharia, Kolkata - 700 056. Ph.: +91 33 2569 1500, Fax: 2541 1722 / 2448 
Email: texmail@texmaco.in, Website: www.texmaco.in 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Ltd. 
                                              Belgharia Works 
CIN: L29261WB1998PLC087404 
 
20th May, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra  Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol -TEXRAIL 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code - 533326 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Conference Call with analyst / investor(s) held on Monday, 15th May, 2023 at 4:30 p.m. (IST).  
 
The 
same 
has 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
i.e.  
https://www.texmaco.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/Q4FY23_Result_Concall_Transcript.pdf . 
 
We would also like to confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared / 
discussed during the Conference Call. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
K. K. Rajgaria 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KISHOR 
KUMAR 
RAJGARIA
Digitally signed 
by KISHOR 
KUMAR RAJGARIA 
Date: 2023.05.20 
13:03:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
“Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. INDRAJIT MOOKERJEE – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN 
– TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED
MR. A.K. VIJAY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, FINANCE 
– TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED
MR. HEMANT BHUWANIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– TEXMACO RAIL & ENGINEERING LIMITED
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGRAWAL – HEAD INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
– SKP SECURITIES LIMITED

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited's 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management opening 
remarks. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agrawal, Head-Institutional Equities at SKP 
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to welcome you to this earnings 
conference call on behalf of Texmaco Rail and SKP Securities. We have with us Mr. Indrajit 
Mookerjee, Executive Vice Chairman, along with his colleagues, Mr. AK Vijay, Executive 
Director, Finance; and Mr. Hemant Bhuwania, CFO. We will have the opening remarks from 
Mr. Vijay, followed by a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, Vijay-ji. 
A.K. Vijay: 
Hi. Good evening to everybody, to all the participants. The results for the year ended 31st March 
2023, as well as the Q4 is already in your hands. And as you might have gone through the results, 
the company had a difficult year -- in the year '22-'23 because of the period that the impact of 
the COVID was still there. And as a result, if you have noticed the results, on Q1 the performance 
was very disastrous. In fact, rather, the company has incurred few losses in the first quarter. But 
nevertheless, with our sincere effort in the Q2, Q3 and Q4, we tried to make it up and not only 
build it up but made some small profit also. 
So of course, we should have done better, had we had the full year of operating available to us, 
but in the first quarter due to the, number one, effect of the COVID, due to also the effect because 
the reason of this that our order book that time was from railways were not there, availability of 
wheelsets for the private parties were not there. So coupled with all these problems, we have to 
face huge losses in the Q1, which we tried to make up, and we are happy to share with our 
shareholders the company has been not only able to overcome that losses, but also made some 
profits. And from now onwards, looks like that we have a clean slate to move forward. 
Just for accounting information, for the year, revenue was INR2,281 crores, it's -- I'm talking 
about net revenue and compared to INR1,653 crores the previous year. The EBITDA, gross 
profit and loss and profit before tax for the year were INR139.9 -- INR180 crores, I'm sorry, 
INR63 crores and INR28 crores against INR168 crores, INR68 crores and INR32 crores. So you 
are saying that basically both the years were virtually flat whereas we all know '21-'22, the 
COVID was -- major effect was there because of COVID. But due to the -- as I stated above, the 
loss in the Q1 and non-reveal the wheel set, and non-reveal order by the railways, performance 
for this year was impacted. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
The business perspective of the company, especially the government's focus on the rolling stock 
division and rail infra segment too is quite reasonably good. In fact, rather, this kind of going 
market in rail segment, we were not seeing in recent past. So we are hopeful that, yes, this 
position is going to continue as a focus of government is very much on the rail segment. It is 
similarly that what the focus government brought in for the road segment few years ago, the 
same focus is now on the rail segment. And seems to me that, yes, for next 5 to 7 years, this rail 
business is going to be very prospective. 
Having said that thing, the company's order book is very comfortable. Today we are sitting on 
the order of almost 20,000 wagons and overall order value is INR9,000 crores order size, still 
pouring in. We have also now started booking orders on export front, both in Rail EPC and 
Railway wagon divisions. So that also seems to be a good sign for the organization. Yes, that 
we are getting orders, not only from railways, but from private sector. We are getting orders for 
exports. 
Similarly in the Rail EPC, we are diversifying into newer areas and making sure that our focus 
of operations remains an area which are well controllable, because we have got our fingers in 
last pastime. And having -- not having the adequate experience in that line at that point of time, 
booking orders for things which were not within our control and as a result has to suffer 
additional cost over there. So having learned that education now we are more focused, looking 
only those orders, which are basically with well manageable, can be completed in a shorter 
duration time and which are normally profitable. So all these factors basically is helping us in 
improving our overall performance. 
Now apart from this, the company also has expectation of the fresh tender from railways, which 
we are heading, that is going to come up and this is revolutionary tender in the sense that, railway 
is asking for -- maybe asking for supply of about 50,000 wagons, which would be purely to the 
design of the supplier. So we have now -- the concept which we have been talking to railways 
for long that you permit us to conceptualize and design and then manufacture the wagon supply 
to use, so that you get a better life, better efficiency and better payload ratio. So that railway has 
now heeded to, and accordingly they have now drafted a tender, which will take care for these 
requirements. 
This is a challenge, where only the robust manufacturers who have got that capability, not only 
manufacturing, but also designing, also of conceptualizing and also of making sure that the new 
product technology has been used in the designing, but also in the processes. So that's where 
basically we are now focusing on. This tender is likely to come up very shortly and hopefully 
our company stands a reasonable chance to bag business into the standard as well. 
This apart also we understand railways are also further coming up new tenders for the 
conventional wagon requirements which will also be industry we'll be participating. And I hope 
that all the participants who are -- competent participants are there, they will also be bagging 
some orders into that busy business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
As far as the Steel Foundry division is concerned, let me tell you, it was a very good year for us. 
We have been able to in spite of the first quarter not producing much, we have been able to jump 
into production, overall production by more than 40%. So this is a very good sign for us. And in 
fact, rather this improvement which we have got into the Steel Foundry division, we expect to 
continue in this year as well. The demand for export is also robust, demand for domestic market 
is also robust. And in fact rather we are now facing challenges even to meet our own 
requirements because of the requirements have been so large. 
Hopefully, with our plans for some capex investment both in the rolling stock as well as the 
foundry segment, which is basically required for the balancing equipment, we should be able to 
overcome these challenges and increase our production, whereby we can continue to meet our 
demands both domestic as well export. 
With this basic overall situation and all this thing, we are hopeful that, yes, the top line, bottom 
line will continue to grow for the company in coming year also and we are expecting that -- one 
thing I just have to add to this thing is that company has also entered during last year a joint 
venture agreement with European company for not only for manufacture of wagons for Indian 
market, but also for export. And this will also boost our operational capacity in India as well as 
for exports. 
With this, I submit to our Chairman to add further on statement which we have made a 
presentation to the shareholders. Thank you. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Yes, I think Vijay, you have covered most of it. So I can only tell you in one simple statement 
that we are in the path of ascension. So every quarter has been better than the last quarter and 
we believe that sequentially we keep on improving because of the market, because we have also 
gearing our inner strengths to produce more and bringing in new design, collaborating with the 
foreign companies. 
So all these put together, both in the freight cars, as well as in the foundry, there also the capacity 
is being expanded right now. So we expect that the results should start moving up. We also are 
looking at more percentage of -- more numbers of private wagons to be done. We also are -- I 
think we have been very happy to say that we also are bagging the export orders, which are at 
very good profitability. So all this put together, I see that sequentially, there the company results 
should start going up. And I think most of the other details have been covered by Mr. Vijay. 
So any question. Hemant, would you like to -- anything else to talk about the finance or -- 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Hello, sir. I think Mr. Vijay and you have covered all the points. So I have nothing to say from 
my side. 
Moderator: 
So should we open the lines for Q&A, sir? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kaushik Mohan from Ashika Stock Broking. Please go 
ahead.  
Kaushik Mohan: 
Great set of growth on the top line on this quarter, congratulations for that. Sir I just wanted to 
understand, in your press release you have mentioned about a fresh tender has been expected to 
be issued by Indian Railway for 50,000 new design modern wagons. Can I understand value in 
the price, like what is the total value of this 50,000 railway contract, can we potentially? 
A.K. Vijay: 
See, this tender for 50,000, I covered in my narrative part, that expected tender about this thing. 
Value as far is concerned, is difficult to say something about now because the tender has not yet 
come out. So it will all depend upon the design, what design is basically being prepared that will 
require what kind of a component, what kind of advancement will be required. So it is very, 
very, as of today to fix a value for that will not be -- but then I can only add this, compared to 
the conventional wagon, it certainly will be a costly wagon. 
And may even cost anything -- to double the cost what we charge for that, what is basically 
payable for conventional or 80% of that price, you don't know until unless you have designed 
and figured out what are the features you are going to add into these wagons, depending upon 
the actual requirement of railway, which will be known once the tender is out. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Perfect, sir. Sir, I have an add-on question on this. Like you have spoken about the maintenance 
in this tender. So what could be the actual split between the tender value of the construction of 
the wagons and maintenance of the wagons? 
A.K. Vijay: 
At present railway is charging all the vendors, almost about 5% of their freight earnings as 
maintenance charges for their wagons, because today's practices every wagon, whether owned 
by a private or by railways are maintained by railways. So of course, that 5% is a little too high 
to be charged to any one. It will be lower than that. But then again, depending upon what nature 
of guarantees, warranties they require, what nature of on-time they require, what is the -- because 
the downtime certainly Railway would like to reduce the new tender that wagon should not be 
under downtime. 
So all these factors taken together and all these things that this has to fix. But this is long-term 
contract, the value will be also large and that will depend upon, yes, what is the total your 
quantum of guarantees and warranties which are expected of the vendor who is supplying the 
design environment. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it, sir. I have another question relating to your financials. Sir what can be the EBITDA 
margins that can we expect from the coming years -- the coming quarters? 
A.K. Vijay: 
See, Kaushik, let me just -- let me just brief you on how we performed over in that. So in Q1, 
we executed only 120 wagons and as a result of which, there were some unabsorbed fixed cost 
which has -- because of which we had resulted into losses. In Q2, our production ramped up. We 
have received orders and the proto was approved somewhere in July. And we started the series 
production from August onwards. So in Q2, we did somewhere close to 500 wagons. In Q3, we 
crossed the number of 1,000 wagons. And in Q4, we crossed the number of 1,400 wagons. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
as the production further picks up from here, you will definitely see a better EBITDA, what we 
have reported currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah, as an individual investor. 
Rahil Shah: 
Can you please repeat the volume wagon for FY '23, total number of wagons you produced? 
A.K. Vijay: 
So production was somewhere around 3,200 wagons. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. And can you share like what are you expecting to do for FY '24 given the order book you 
have? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
See, currently, we have an order book of around INR9,000 crores, out of which, the Heavy 
Engineering consist of around INR6,700 crores order book of the INR6,700 crores. Steel 
Foundry is of INR400 crores, Rail EPC division is INR1,500 crores and our joint venture and 
subsidiary is for INR400 crores, altogether INR9,000 crores. So we expect with the further -- 
we can further ramp up by another 30% to 35% during this year, wherein the number of wagons 
will go up in the same proportion. 
Rahil Shah: 
Did you say 30%? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
30% to 35% from here. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. So that also relates to the like production volume for wagons? 
A.K. Vijay: 
Yes. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. And are you sharing any -- so how will that translate into revenues for FY '24? Any -- 
A.K. Vijay: 
See, I would only like to add one point over here. Hemant has very amply clarified to you that 
how the situation is emerging and how we are doing about this thing, but 30%, 35% doesn't 
apply for particularly product for division wise. Altogether, company will be rising by 35% 
approximately.  
A particular division can do much better whereas other divisions may remain little 
improvements, because of the reason of nature of business. Like in Rail EPC, we are now 
expecting that kind of a boost in the current year. So naturally the more -- major boost will come 
from our wagon and Foundry division. And together also, but the company overall will still 
perform more than 35%. So that is how the percentage increase will be greater in these segments 
than the segment which is Rail EPC. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Ankur Kumar: 
Congrats for a decent set of numbers, sir. Sir, my first question is on the margins. So if I look at 
Rail EPC segment, for this quarter, you are saying that we have moved from 1,000 wagons to 
1,400 wagons. Sorry, question is on the Heavy Engineering segment. So in the Heavy 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Engineering side of segment, we're making only 4% margin this quarter. So can you comment 
on the margin, because you said we made 1,400 wagons this quarter versus 1,000 wagons last 
quarter. But there is not much improvement, if I look at margins for the segment. 
A.K. Vijay: 
Mookerjee sir, would you like to answer this? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
So I think it's -- Hemant you should answer. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Yes, sure, I'll take that, sir. So in Q4, you see that our rollings in the Heavy Engineering division, 
they have achieved a turnover of around INR550 crores, whereas the EBITDA margin that you 
say, yes, that is not up to the mark. We will definitely like to improve upon that. That can only 
go up once we perform, once we improve on the number of wagons that we execute. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Let me also add. You are finished, Hemant? Have you finished? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Yes, sir. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Okay. Just let me add to this that as you are aware that the railway -- the Indian Railway orders 
are at a pretty challenging margin, not a very high margin. Whereas we are doing a large 
proportion of our volume with the railway wagons. So this is the reason why Hemant sir just 
now mentioned that we need to do more, so that we could make other than railway, private 
wagons also. And we see -- and also fortunately, we also have good amount of orders of private 
wagons. And on top of that, we are now finding the export market to be very lucrative. So we 
also have decided to go on manufacturing the -- to go on winning bids for -- winning contracts 
for the exports. 
So all this put together, we are looking at a very, very encouraging situation for the months to 
come. Yes, we have to do certain reorientation of our business. For example, there are certain 
business we have to -- we will have to -- not been. We are going to come down on some 
businesses which are already occupying our factory like making certain railway component 
shells, which are in that phase, we will make more numbers of locomotive shells. So instead of 
that, we make more wagons. 
Then we also have at a very stage of planning to increase our capacity and also Mr. Vijay have 
already mentioned of our signing with a joint venture with a foreign company where we would 
make the -- where we will increase the capacity of our production. So all this put together, private 
wagon exports and clubbed with certain reorientation on the business portfolio and the capacity 
expansion I think are going to give us very encouraging results to come. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure, sir. And in the press release, you're also -- you're saying that cost reduction has been set as 
a major objective for this year and if I look at our biggest competitor, which has won this -- 
which has also won this railway order, they are talking about 8% to 10% of EBITDA margins. 
So do we think we can reach that level or that is like difficult to reach? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Hemant, do you like to answer? Because I think it is achievable. Hemant, would you like to 
answer? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Yes, sure. So, see, the majority of the cost, what you see, it might -- the material cost around 
80% to 84% of the cost what we incur is on materials. So we are trying to rationalize on the 
material cost, the components, which can be -- which can be manufactured in-house, we are 
exploring the opportunities, the components, which can be outsourced to a vendor as a result of 
which we get a better space utilization and we increase on the number of production. So all these 
aspects on cost rationalization is being looked into and we are working on that. And I think 
within first quarter or by end of first quarter, we should come out with some cost rationalization. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Yes, it is a cost and the product mix, cost, product mix, expansion of capacity, short-term, is cost 
and product mix, medium-term is a capacity expansion and moving into some other related 
products like, we just have decided to build a strategic business unit for supply of components 
to the wagon manufacturers abroad, which is the export. So all these are the various [inaudible 
0:24:54] with profitability, given the current base load being from the railways and individual 
segment, the current railway segment, we are on a cost strike, a strike to push the cost down, and 
various other aspects. So which is what we trying to do now. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir in Steel Foundry, our margins are much better than Heavy Engineering 
division. So do you think that are like sustainable? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Yes, the foundry for steel -- the margin for Steel Foundry what we reported is on a sustainable 
basis. So we should be able to sustain this margin. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Yes, increase -- we are looking at an increased margins. So it's not only sustainable, we are 
looking at various other aspects. Currently, we are -- right now Steel Foundry is supplying most 
of its products to our wagon plant. So we are looking at capacity expansion in Steel Foundry. 
Ankur Kumar: 
So can we increase margin in all the three divisions? 
Ashok Vijay: 
See, this is basically, I would like to add one point here that the beauty of our business is this 
thing, it is a volume game. The moment the volume starts going up, all cost starts percentage 
wise coming down and the margins start shooting up and that is what basically focus is also with 
us. 
Now today, whether they produce 1,000 wagons or 3,000 wagons or 5,000 wagons, you will 
find that overhead cost, more or less in a cost, it doesn't go up in the same proportion as the 
number of wagon production goes up, similarly in the casting division also. But same things 
apply to that. Of course, it goes up a bit, because the production is going, so other facilities to 
be created, infrastructure to be created, maintenance cost goes up and also certain production 
and direct costs also goes up like labour and all, but not in proportion. And that's just a big boost 
to the bottom line and that is where we are focusing about. 
Hemant clarified to you beforehand that yes, we are focusing cost reduction and in fact, in our 
press notes also we covered that very prominent. Cost reduction is a milestone, which we would 
like to achieve in a major way in this financial year and actions already started. Mr. Mookerjee 
has put this as a target for the company executives to make sure that each and every division, 
the cost reduction, it is not that only the direct cost reduction, it is the indirect cost reduction as 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
well, like how can we reduce the wastages, how can we reduce the -- your process time, how 
can we improve the efficiency of the machines? 
So that dependency on the outside agencies reduce it to that extent and in-house improvement 
in production comes. All these elements which are -- we can add to my cost reduction and at the 
bottom line have already had been drawn out and people are start working on this thing. 
So fortunately for us, this is a time when we are able to boost the production also. So together 
coupled with this, certainly the margins will have a better outlook compared to what it has been 
there, irrespective of the prices remain same or we go little higher than this. So what we are 
talking to you today is based on the order book which we have today, especially from railways 
and based on that even also the margins are little meagre there, but still we would like to make 
sure that the company makes a decent bottom line even in these orders. And then, of course, the 
additions of the orders for export, and addition of third-party, certainly will make differences in 
the bottom line to that extent further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Kumar, we would request you to join the question queue for any follow-ups as 
we have several participants waiting for the turn. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vasudev from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Vasudev: 
As you mentioned in your press release and also in your opening remarks about this new tender 
for 50,000 wagons. So, firstly, how confident are you that this tender will come in Q1 and Q2? 
And also, since all the wagon players are fully booked for the next three years, so how will 
railways give the order like, where is the capacity to execute them? So this is my first question. 
Ashok Vijay: 
See, we are reasonably confident about the tender coming at, because of course we are in the 
industry, we are running the business, so we keep the information and based on the information 
available to us and also the industry that this tender railway is pretty sure coming out of it. And 
as we indicated that is likely to come out in first quarter or latest by early second quarter. But 
then you cannot have any certainty about something with which we don't have control, but we 
are reasonably confident about this, to answer to your question number one. 
Answer to your question number two, which is again, dependent upon the industry capacity. 
Now capacity today is a flexible game. As we explained, all -- during all our presentation that 
how we are now making sure that the capacity wise, with certain -- adding certain balancing 
equipment all this thing, we are constantly going to improve our capacity and capability to 
deliver the wagons. 
So other wagon builders are also trying to do the same way, somebody will be doing little better, 
somebody will be doing little worse. But then yes, people will make effort to that. Our capacities 
have never been tested to the kind of infrastructure the company has created over the years. So 
this is the opportunity for us to test our capacity and we are coming up with our expectation. In 
fact, as Hemant has explained to you in the opening statement itself that how we have improved 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
the productivity from 120 to 400 to 1,000 to 1,400 and of course, we'll be reaching much, much 
larger milestones over there. So if you imagine that, yes, lastly, we were producing 1,800 
wagons, prior to that we're producing about 2,200 wagons. We are now looking forward to 
producing about 5,000 and above. So that's the capacity will be built up by us and we will -- we 
are sure confident about it, if the tender comes our way, we'll be able to meet the requirements.  
Top of this, as I explained, we also signed a joint venture agreement with a foreign party to 
manufacture wagons in India that will add to my capacity further. So these are all basically 
combined structure together. We are not overly concerned about the production capability of the 
company to meet the requirements in case additional tender is awarded to us. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. And just, sir with this JV, how much capacity is increased for us? 
Ashok Vijay: 
So in the JV, we have initially planned 2,000 wagons on a per annum basis. To start with, it will 
start with around 1,000 to 1,200 wagons and then again as the JV sets up fully, it will ramp up 
to 2,000 wagons. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. And so finally, sir, how is the execution going on for the current order of 20,000 wagons 
that we have, and if you can give us that how many wagons did we dispatch in FY '23 and 
quarterly split of course if you? 
Ashok Vijay: 
See, this was already explained in my opening remarks, but again for you I'll just repeat that. So 
the total number of wagons executed in the production during the year was around 3,200 wagons 
and we still have an order book of around 20,000 wagons in hand, combined Indian Railways 
and private. We expect further ramp-up of around 30% to 35% in this year, so that is how the 
order book would be executed. 
Vasudev Ganatra: 
Okay. I’ll come back in the queue for more questions. Thank you. 
Ashok Vijay: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir just wanted to understand why is the wagon 
execution expected in FY '24, plus 30% number. So let's say about 4,000 wagons, 4,500 wagons, 
on a 20,000 wagon order. So if you could tell me what is the delivery schedule for this 20,000 
wagons? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Pritesh, let me tell you, I explained also that 35% is overall growth in the company, which we 
are targeting about, doesn't mean that the wagon will also go at 35%. So wagon can go some 
different numbers, foundry can go some different numbers, Rail EPC can go some different 
numbers. Overall, we'll be suddenly going by 35%. That is what basically we have mentioned 
and we maintain that. As far as the capacity requirement is concerned, we have to deliver 500 
wagons, 500-plus or more wagons to the railways every month and we are more than confident 
to meet that requirement. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So can you tell us what would be the volume schedule for FY '24, will it be 6,000 wagons, 7,000 
wagon or 8,000 wagons? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Our aim is to reach that levels. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Which one, 5,000 wagons, 6,000 wagons, or 8,000 wagons number? 
Ashok Vijay: 
You always go by the mean, I understand that formula. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. My second question is, on the gross contribution margin from wagon, what is the gross 
contribution margin for wagon? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Yes, Pritesh, I don't answer these questions. This was base of the papers which we have shared 
with all the shareholders. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And what is the capacity utilization, if you can share of the wagon? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Right now, this is an interesting question and I love to answer this question, basically because I 
personally strongly believe that capacity-wise we are still not reaching our potentials. Truly 
speaking and suppose, for example, we are doing open type wagons, the company can produce 
10,000 wagons in a year, but today we are doing a combination of wagon, in fact rather today 
presently, we are making some six type, seven type of wagons simultaneously. So that certainly 
makes a little dent on the capacity utilization. 
Going forward, what we are trying to do, we are going to restrict ourselves to three types, four 
types of wagons, whereby we can do mass production and increase the number of wagons which 
you can deliver, instead of going for some seven types, eight types and all this thing in all orders, 
that's how basically the escalation is being done in the organization. And hopefully this year end, 
this story is a bit different to tell you. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And lastly, at the year end, let's say, couple of years, what kind of debt we will see on your 
balance sheet, because your balance sheet has seen increased debt for last -- for many years now? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Yes, that's right, because you are aware of the fact that our Rail EPC has not been doing that 
good, because the reason of certain orders which we book, our certain orders, which were legacy 
orders, we were struggling there, so we have to rely upon that to complete those orders. I can 
only tell you that all the long-term or long tenure orders, more or less now standing complete, 
except for couple of such orders which are still under execution, some in Bangladesh and some 
in Bangalore Metro.  
Apart from that, all orders are basically now our newly booked orders which were under 
execution, and they are short-duration orders. So the requirement of working capital also for that 
will come down and certainly this will help me in rationalizing my finance cost also, which is 
substantially higher because our borrowings has gone up. 
Truly speaking the overall borrowing, I'll request Hemant to share with you, but as far as the 
long-term borrowings is concerned, I can tell you, it is still under very much control excepting 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
for our corporate loan, which we have to take towards the COVID period, the long-term 
borrowing is about INR100 crores. How much is the short-term borrowings, Hemant? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So we have our working capital short-term borrowing of around INR750 crores across all the 
divisions and our long-term borrowing as on March stands at around INR220 crores. This 
includes borrowing which we had taken for expansion of our capacity Raipur Foundry, Calcutta 
and our Heavy Engineering division. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, but that still doesn't answer how much of debt repayment you would plan to do over the 
next two years based on whatever cash flow or retention money getting released from the balance 
sheet? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Pritesh, we have given you the answer very clearly that, yes, our total debt for this long-term 
other than the corporate loan which we have taken during the COVID period of INR100 crores 
is INR100 crores. And repayments are basically in five years' time. So on an average INR20 
crores for this and INR20 crores for what my COVID loan. So this is altogether INR40 crores 
repayment is being made and we are making every last two years, we are making regularly since 
the loan was taken.  
Apart from that all working capital loan, which is not required to be repaid, because it is relating 
to my operations and as the productions are going up, the operations are improving, there may 
be some more balancing working capital loan maybe required, but that is basically adequately 
supported by the current assets, which are being used for production purpose. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But any release of retention or debtors or any because of this old projects which can deleverage 
our balance sheet by any chance, or because we have the receivable of INR780 crores and then 
your other current assets, is there anything on closure of projects? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Yes, basically it is all the long-term debt -- debtors and all this thing are slightly higher, because 
of our business in the Rail EPC segment. We explained earlier also that Rail EPC segment, 
number one, the management, they can view that this division requires a focused approach and 
cannot be done collectively with other divisions working. 
As a result, the Board has proposed to basically bifurcate these two divisions, one is the brick-
and-mortar division, other is the Rail EPC division. So Rail EPC division is being bifurcated 
into two separate companies to take approach that that business is very focused. And basically 
what we are trying to do is this thing that whatever jobs we have done and those jobs whatever 
amount which are claimable from the clients because of the delays and default from part of the 
client, that is where we are making more focused approach now with the divisions run being 
separately by individual business head. 
And once the company is separated, it will be more focused that to that extent, the approach will 
be more focused. And certainly, We expect a substantial portion will be realized by us, which 
will be adding to bottom line as well, on account of the various claims, which we have generated 
and launch with various clients, and they are under now discussion, negotiation and settlement. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. That’s it. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Ashok Vijay: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital Please 
go ahead. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to know for the year '23, 
we have done 3,000 wagons or 3,200 wagons? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So the production was 3,200 wagons. And if you see from the sales side, it was -- sales would 
be somewhere around 3,070 wagons -- about 3,090 wagons. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And can you give us a split, how much of that was for Indian Railways and how much was 
private? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So railways was around 2,200 -- 2,260 and private was around 850. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And are they trending slightly lower than the monthly run rate that we would have preferred to 
do for the Indian Railways and is there any penalty in case we can't complete the order in time? 
Ashok Vijay: 
So, Alisha, we already explained that in our opening remarks that, yes, we are ramping-up, these 
are at 120 wagons in Q1 then we move to 500 wagons, then 1,000 and then 1,400. So from here 
onwards you see that yes, we can only go northwards. And that would some -- the requirement 
for the railways as well. 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
One more point Alisha, you need to note about this thing is that that, we were the only party 
required to do the prototype and then go for production as compared to my other wagon builders, 
who is getting -- who actually got orders for the wagons which are anywhere in their product 
range and they were not required to go for prototype. 
Our prototype requires almost three months to produce, so we started three months late compared 
to our peers. And as the result, last year we have to pick-up the production. Second point here is 
important we are doing a most difficult wagon, which is BCNA, compared to the open-type. 
BCNA is the covered type of wagon, which is almost about 1.5x to 1.6x of the normal open-type 
wagon. But, yes, that's no explanation for me not to do the quantity, but yes, it takes time to 
pick-up. We have to build the ecosystem for that, we have done all that thing. And today now in 
a position to ramp-up the production and meet those requirements where the railway is given to 
us. And rather meet the requirement for private sector as well simultaneously. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. But is there any penalty in case they can't finish it in 39 months? 
Ashok Vijay: 
The contract do provide for that. But then of course there are reasons for that why it's not be 
imposed, but that we will take up according to the contractual conditions. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And you're doing about 850 wagons on the private side. Any challenges on 
procuring the rail wheel sets from the private side now, or that has largely been addressed? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Ashok Vijay: 
It used to be, but no more. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
So that is no longer acting as a negative pressure on our margins? 
Ashok Vijay: 
No, this is not now. It was for the first two quarters as well as previous year challenge. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay. And just my last question, you've spoken of incremental 50,000 orders that is expected in 
the next couple of months, which would be for more specialized wagons, plus the annual Indian 
railways will do plus exports. So what is the kind of capex we're looking at doing to expand our 
capacity to in anticipation of the demand that we're seeing, whoever doing the JV, we're talking 
about 2,000 wagons. But is there any other capex that we're doing to increase our capacity? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Yes, capex is there, but it is not substantial, because our infrastructure today can take care of 
increased production and we are hopeful that our infrastructure can support up to production of 
10,000 wagons also in the year. So that's not a major challenge. Of course, we will have to add 
certain balancing equipment's which we are constantly doing about this thing. Hemant explained 
also that why our capex loan is there. We have taken some capex loan to improve on our 
infrastructure, adding certain balancing equipment and also ramping up the capacity for my 
foundry. 
So these together, we should be able to position to cater to the requirement up to this number 
that shouldn't be previous challenge. And once we reach those numbers, we will certainly find 
ways and means, whereby without making massive capital expenditure or capital investment, 
we further ramp-up capacity by improvement in the processes, etcetera. So we're constantly 
doing this thing and we'll be doing it. First time we have won the opportunity and now we are 
really coming up to the challenges which we have faced -- which we have been put. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Understood. And just one last clarification. I know you answered this earlier, but the margins on 
the wagon side is relatively lower and you're saying we don't have pressure on the railway side. 
And that a good amount of operating levers had come -- the numbers ramp-up and we reached 
1,400 wagons. And what is causing this negative pressure on the margins on the wagon side? 
Ashok Vijay: 
Mr. Mookerjee just explained to you to the team members that yes, the railway wagon, the 
margins are lower. Of course, but then there is a bulk and certainly it all -- that it has become, 
there is a number gain or the volume gain, the more the volume we have cost over it, will remain 
more or less constant -- in a constant factor, not going up in proportion to what the number of 
wagons produced is going up. So this is the advantage which people derive out of this. And 
accordingly, we are focusing on, going in the volume gain whereby on every incremental 
volume, we are not increasing the cost, which is adding to my bottom-line. So in spite of the -- 
there'll be a pressure of the margins in respect of the railway orders, we are confident of making 
reasonable money there as well. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay, sure. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Good evening, sir. I just wanted to know that how much amount of claims that we have made 
which are likely to be realized in this year? So two figures, how many -- how much claims we 
have made? How much we are likely to realize? Are there any arbitration amount also given in 
our favour, and do we have any surplus assets, non-core assets, which we can realize to reduce 
our interest burden? These are my questions, sir. 
Ashok Vijay: 
Answer to your first question, we have identified claims which is substantial in four digits. 
Answer to question number two, we have substantial push-out that we have already submitted 
to the clients, other are being compiled basically because it requires a volume of data to be 
submitted along with that, which is already being assembled and accordingly we are going ahead 
with client system. 
Answer to question number three, we have gone for certain arbitration also and the client has 
come out with some settlement proposals, which we are negotiating with them because 
arbitration is still a time consuming process and settlement can be arrived that the client will be 
always most welcome one. So that's the answer to question number three. 
And your fourth question, which is there in respect of that, yes, whether this -- the surplus debt, 
which is the company has got or not, yes, company has large bank of surplus debt, but the 
company also take judicious calls on that thing, like we have certain investments in companies, 
certain investment in land. So all these things are there and we will be working on those very 
judiciously. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
But right now there is no program and for this year, no chalked out program to realize anything 
from that side? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
I hope -- I'm not in a position to answer this question, because this is something sensitive which 
is the Board has to take a call first before we could actually answer to that. Mr. Mookerjee, 
anything further you'd like to add? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
No, I have nothing. There are claims as you have correctly said and these claims are all from the 
EPC. I think it is premature to keep on talking of numbers at this stage, but they're pretty large 
scales. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Okay. And my second question is regarding -- are we the most efficient producer of wagons in 
the world with our technologies and processes, or are we somewhere into one to five or 
something like that? Can you kindly tell us? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
We are improving the -- we are constantly endeavouring to improve our strategy for which we 
are -- we have a -- we have revamped our already strong design group. We also are -- as you 
know that, we are also -- we have a joint venture. So the foreign partners have very strong design 
groups. So always our attempt at this moment to be ahead of that, yes. And all these are very 
important, because anything that railways would like to buy in future would love to have better 
performance parameters. So we are keeping that in as a very strong KPI for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naitik Mohata from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Naitik Mohata: 
Just 2 quick questions from my end. One, what are we expecting the monthly run-rate for wagons 
in Q1, and what was it in Q4? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
So Mohata quarter, in Q4 we did 1,400. So in this year slowly from April onwards, we have 
started ramping up and we expect that, yes, in H1, within this year, we should expect a ramp up 
of around 30% to 35%. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Okay. And the EPC order book that you have quoted like, we have INR1,500 crores order book 
in EPC segment. So what is the timeline of delivery in the EPC book that we are expecting? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So EPC order generally is to the tune of between 2 years to 4 years depending upon the nature 
of jobs, but yes, if you, our EPC division order book was to the tune of INR3,000 crores which 
we have brought down to around INR1,500 crores as Mr. Vijay explained that we are accepting 
only those orders, which are for shorter duration and more of a supply part rather than on the 
erection and commissioning. So, INR1,500 crores I think should be -- the tenor for these orders 
will be somewhere within 2 years to 4 years. 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
See let me also clarify to you because this discussion is very open. Rail EPC comprise of various 
sub works. We are market leader, especially in the field of signalling, in the ballast less track 
and in the overhead electrification. These are the core area, which we take contracts which are 
normally -- not have a longer duration. They are normally between 18 months to 24 to 30 months, 
not beyond that. There is another segment where we also are operating that was the track laying 
for the railway. This is a segment where the time taken at times contractually also is 36 months 
or long. 
Now there the challenges lies long, because there are so many agencies working simultaneously 
the same thing, including civil agencies, including the bridge, including the -- your land 
acquisition agencies, including the planning agencies, including the designing agencies, 
altogether simultaneously keep working on the sites. So there is lot of challenges which we are 
earlier not aware of, now it seems to be. And accordingly, we have reduced our exposure to a 
very large extent on this. And excepting for couple of old contracts, we are not booking any new 
orders, especially in this segment until and unless this is basically predominantly loaded in 
favour of signalling, telecommunication or ballast less track. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, on the wagon manufacturing, earlier you had said that next year which is FY '24, the target 
for wagon manufacturing would be closer to 6,600 wagons in a year as per the 39 months 
contract. So is it right to assume that while overall business will grow at 30%, 35% or more, 
your wagon manufacturing from IR would be growing 100%? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
See, we never mentioned that it should cross 6,000 or so. So but what we mentioned was 
basically we will be meeting our obligation who are distinguished translate into the business of 
about 500-plus wagons per month for the railway segment. As we have recently seen, and if 
there are no challenges and everybody is -- the wheelsets or our clearances from railways 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
because railways also have to take these wagons for deliveries, so we will -- we should be able 
to ramp up our capacity. 
We are geared up ourselves to meet the obligation which we have taken under the contract and 
also that simultaneously we can do some private also, so this basically we are doing. Depending 
upon the overall ground realities that whether the requirement for these wagons, whether the 
availability of these wagons are enough with the railways, we will be able to cope up and meet 
the requirement, which the railway given to us. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And secondly, this bifurcation of the Rail EPC division So basically you are 
contemplating demerger of the Rail EPC division business into a separate listed company. So is 
that the right understanding? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
No, we are only demerging, we are only doing a slump sale to our wholly-owned subsidiary 
companies to make a management focus, especially to these budgets -- these divisions. Not doing 
a demerger. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. But that would mean at the consolidated level, is still everything would remain the same, 
except that maybe there are two management teams to take care of the two businesses, right? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
Yes, of course. They are two separate companies, these are separately owned by separate 
management team, who will be focused on their business, they are responsible for their business. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. And, sir, on the margins part, now in Q4 of this year, our gross profit margin 
has dropped to 17% from 20% last year. So this is almost a 300 basis point decline. And that is 
the main reason I think we are also losing out on the -- so if we have to explain the loss in 
EBITDA in terms of margin from last quarter, I see 2 concern. One is your gross profit margin 
has fallen from 20% to 17% quarter-on-quarter. 
And second is your -- the employee and other expenses have also increased more or less in the 
same proportion as your increase in revenue. So neither is our operating leverage, wherein we 
were thinking that our fixed cost will be absorbed over higher base, but our fixed costs are also 
increasing rapidly in the same line as revenues? And secondly, our material cost is increasing, 
even when we see the raw material steel prices everything more or less being in shape for 
everyone else. So what is the reason why both these things are not working in our favour? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
I'll answer you in brief about this thing. Number one, the last point first, the steel prices depends 
-- the cost of material depends upon the nature of wagon, which you -- nature of product which 
you are manufacturing. You'll appreciate that. So suppose in year 1, you produced X type of 
wagon, in year two you produced Y type of wagon and year three, you produced Z type of 
wagon, the cost for all the sales doesn't remain the same. 
The story doesn't applies to similar fashion, which is there. Similarly, in case you are doing more 
of private wagons, less or railway wagons or more of rail wagons and less of private wagons, 
the ratio changes. So all these factors, we take into consideration while basically doing the 
production planning and all this thing. But since the railway requirements are urgent and railway 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
pressure is there, initially we took time, basically because we had to do the prototype -- the 
prototype must be completed. 
Once we're over with prototype, we'll come up with the mass production. So these cost factors 
were accordingly being higher when we make the wagons which are normal wagon. So similarly, 
in case suppose we are making some different type of wagons, the cost can be different. So this 
cannot be equated. If we are not making one type of product, although we are making wagon, 
but the wagons we are making eight types of wagon presently.  
So there are a variety of things, which goes into this thing, so cannot be equated by 17% and 
20%. Yes, the margin has been lower as we explained earlier, our management team explained 
earlier, that railway orders, the margins are lower. This order has come only in this year, it was 
not there in the last year, which we have now started executing in the year 4, if you see that 
railway supplies are larger as a result, they were low margin in the wagon, the other product 
margins were reasonably well. But then yes, the quantity was quite low. 
The third thing which you mentioned about this thing that the cost is also going in proportion to 
that is not correct. Cost is not going in proportion to that. There are certain expenses which are 
basically incurred one-time, and those are kind of a nature, which you need to actually account 
for.  
So those were the nature expenses, which have been accounted for, maybe have accounted for 
in Q4, as a result, the other expenses are slightly higher. But overall, period if you see the cost 
is not going in proportion to what the actual production is going around. In fact, rather my 
overhead cost, becomes more or less at a constant level once the production start increasing. 
And the benefits of the higher production in my cost saving starts reflecting. So that will be 
reflected in the coming quarters, which will be basically going ahead from quarter one itself. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, what would be this element of one-time sort of a cost in quarter four other expenses? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
We have basically written-off certain amounts about INR5 crores, that also there were some one-
time cost of INR5 crores, which were incurred. So those were the basic cost which were there. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So, only INR5 crores is the one-time, then remaining INR48 crores would be more or less going 
forward also it will remain at the same level? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
How can I say, it will remain same, because the product always changes. I told you -- explained 
to you what the wagon production level. They all depends on product mix. So we'll be 
rationalizing the products being in a manner, whereby the margins are reasonable and we are 
able to deliver you the results which we are basically -- that our shareholders are expecting from 
us. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. And on the cost rationalization target, so what would be a yearly sort of a 
reduction that we may be able to achieve in our overheads because of the cost rationalization 
measures that we have done at 30% above and want to implement in FY '24? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
It was 1 or 2 quarters, we are already working in a big manner. Our targets are very large. But 
then yes, we want to see whether in actual operation how much we are able to actually implement 
those. Ideas are there, we are working on those ideas. We will come out with that. But please 
give us quarter and two to come back to you on these questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Sheth from Dhaval Sheth Financials. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval Sheth: 
Two, three questions. First is on Kalindee Rail. So as we have come to know that Kalindee Rail 
is on block to sell. So what is the update on it? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
I don't know, where from your information and news are coming, at least I can't answer this 
question because this is not the -- this is not the management stand ever taken by us. 
Dhaval Sheth: 
Okay. Kalindee is not on block what we have learned from your answer? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
How can I say you on block, not block, you have asked me some hypothetical question which I 
can't answer. 
Dhaval Sheth: 
Okay. When will the JV start with the foreign player, when will it start? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
Yes. The JV basically, we have signed agreement now. Of course, within a month or two, we'll 
be completing the complete diligence part of this thing signing the agreement, detailing and all 
this thing. And from there, the company to come into production as per our plan is normally 10 
months to 12 months. 
Dhaval Sheth: 
Great. Well, 10 to 12 months? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
That's right, 
Dhaval Sheth: 
Yes. And as we all aware and most of the questions are on the net profit margin, which from the 
railway order book -- which is very keen. So what will be the -- to boost up the net profit margin, 
what will be the total mix in the private, government on export orders going forward? Can you 
give some -- can you throw some light on it going forward, what will be the percentage mix 
going forward, government target an export order? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
Normally see, export in private, we have put in one block, we cannot do individually that. So 
between railway and private normally the ratios all along has been 80%-20%. We will be more 
happy if it does to 75%-25%, but it all depends upon what pressure what demand and what 
supply challenges are there. Based on that, it always keeps varying. But on an average we are 
doing 80%-20%. 
Dhaval Sheth: 
Okay. And how much is our capacity utilization in this year and in this quarter? 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
I think I explained earlier also, capacity-wise, for doing one particular type of wagon, we have 
capacity even for 10,000 number of wagons, but since we are doing variety of wagons 
simultaneously at train go the capacity cannot be fixed at 10,000 for that. Accordingly it varies, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
but we have explained is that going forward, we are restricting ourselves to four types of wagon, 
whereby we can be able to optimize the capacity and try achieving the maximum number what 
we are basically -- that infrastructure had been built. 
Ashok Kumar Vijay: 
So in terms of percentage sir? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
Come again. 
Dhaval Sheth: 
In terms of percentage, what is the capacity utilization? 
Hemant Bhuwania: 
So if you -- the answer is very obvious on that. If my capacity is up to 10,000 number of wagons 
for similar types of this thing and you get multiple type of capacity, certainly the quantum you 
start reducing it comes down, but we are anyway at the level of 50%-60% only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj Kishore as an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. Raj 
Kishore, your line is unmuted. Please proceed. It seems there is no response from the line of Raj. 
We will move to the next question from the line of Deepak Rajani from Darkini Inc. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Rajani: 
My question is, is there any progress on appointment of a new CEO? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Yes, we are looking for a CEO. 
Deepak Rajani: 
That we are aware that you are looking for a CEO. I'm saying, is there a timeline, is there any… 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Do you want me to tell you at what stage, how many people interviewed, how much is from 
where, these are the questions you're asking for then I have to apologize, I wouldn't be able to 
give you that. Because this is a classified information, I wouldn't be able to tell you. Yes, as soon 
as we get someone replaced, we would be the first to go and tell you. 
Deepak Rajani: 
Sir, my -- is it reasonable to many months after trying to hire a CEO and not successfully being 
able to hire a CEO, to give an ambiguous answer like this, but you are looking and it is classified, 
does this sound reasonable? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
What is the answer that will satisfy you, sir? 
Deepak Rajani: 
No, I mean, the answer that would satisfy me, first of all, why is it that you don't have a CEO 
over the past several months? And why is it that you're unable to be able to hire and retain talent? 
What is stopping you from -- you are other companies that seem to be having great prospects. 
What is the difficulty? And are you -- can you least quantify it will take 3 months, it will take 6 
months, some kind of time line, or you are going to say that this is classified and you can't share 
with us how long it's going to take, so the company is supposed to be… 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
I think you are getting worked up for no reason at all. 
Deepak Rajani: 
I'm asking you a matter-of-fact question and you're giving me an ambiguous answer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
But if you wish me to tell you in how many months, I can only tell you that it should be as 
quickly as possible. I can't tell you the number of months, but it should be as soon as possible, 
because we are at the very final serious selection of CEO, does it satisfy? 
Deepak Rajani: 
Sir, I don't think I have an option but to accept an answer like that, but I think you should 
introspect that that is the satisfactory answer? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
I think you are making statements which are absolutely misplaced statements, like you just made 
some statements about our human resource policies and our retention of talent. I think these are 
unwanted questions. 
Deepak Rajani: 
Sir the fact of the matter is that you hired somebody and he quit. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
Mister, you have to tell us where have you seen the efficiency in this company, excepting that 
the Managing Director has left? Tell us the answer, give me the numbers. I will sit with you and 
give you the answers also. 
Deepak Rajani: 
Fair enough, sir. I don't wanted to -- now, you are getting worked up. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
It is very wrong to come to certain misplaced judgment. That's all I wanted to tell you. And I 
don't want to discuss on this point any further. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Mr. Rajani, there was a question asked by you to the management, which they have answered 
that we are looking for it. I think we just need to give them the time and take the decision. There's 
nothing specific that they would be in a position to answer. 
Deepak Rajani: 
Fair enough. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Is there anything more you want? 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
I want to make this gentleman to be very careful when you're asking question because you are 
making misplaced judgments on retention and that works me up. Please do not ask such 
questions. 
Navin Agarwal: 
I agree with you, Mr. Mookerjee. Mr. Rajani, if there is any further questions, please go ahead. 
Deepak Rajani: 
No, that's it. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question in queue. As there are no 
further questions, I'd like to now hand over the conference to Mr. Mookerjee for his closing 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Indrajit Mookerjee: 
So, thank you. But I think I personally am feeling extremely encouraged, because we have 
interested investors who are so interested in trying to know what we are doing and we have tried 
to speak on what we are doing, and I don't think we have tried to make any answers which are 
evasive. And I think we see a tremendous future not only in the industry but also in company, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Texmaco Rail & Engineering Limited 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
because we are making many changes in terms of our mix, in terms of building up new divisions 
for later. 
We just spoke of the export, which are really export the wagons, also export our railway 
components, because there's a very good market for component business in Europe and as well 
as in the western world and we share at a very proper international prices and we are trying to 
build -- through the businesses, we are trying to build up facilities to build, to produce them, we 
are trying to load. If you are, you'll be knowing we have a unit called Hi-Tech which is -- which 
had world-class manufacturing facility. So we are debottlenecking Hi-Tech to produce world-
class equipment's, components. 
We talked of the private wagons, we talked about the exports. At the same time also we talked 
of number gain in the railway wagons, because it should produce more numbers. We will be 
covering a lot of our fixed costs. And last but not the least, I think we have made already very 
clearly in our announcement, is that we are on a specific cost reduction drive, which includes 
improvement of wastages, which includes manpower and which includes other consumptions 
like energy, consumables, etcetera. So there are specific actions are being taken and I think you 
will see that the manpower cost has come down -- gradually come down as we move forward. 
So this is a very, very clear exercise for us on the short-term, medium-term is product mix 
changes, new divisions and capacity expansion. 
So I think our path is very -- our directions, our vision is very well directed. We are very specific 
number oriented. So in the process, sometimes you find stumble, sometimes you move through 
like one gentleman was very upset because no Managing Directors are coming up, but things are 
not moving? They are moving as good as you have a Managing Director, because we have a 
very strong management width, the management bandwidth is very strong in our company. 
That's forgotten by this gentleman who were asking questions. 
So all that I would like to say that we would like to deliver better and better results to you through 
the specific actions I had mentioned and we would like to get you a support. Your views, that 
will also help us a lot. But I think you're going to see different quite radical changes in the results 
of the company. That's all I can say, if I'm not say too much. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you for interacting with the investors. On behalf of SKP 
Securities Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and 
gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
