ICRA 
May 26, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 532835 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
ICRA Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: ICRA 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board oflndia 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of 
earnings conference call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached transcript of the earnings call 
held on May 25, 2023. We have uploaded the transcript on our website and the same can be 
accessed through the below URL: 
https:/ /www.icra.in/lnvestorRelation/Show AnalvstPresentationReport/?Id=54& Title=I nvestor%2 
0Call%20Transcript&Report=ICRA%20O4FY23%1 0IR%20Call%20Transcript.pdf 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Regards, 
Sincerely, 
(S. Shakeb Rahman) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Building No. 8, 2
nd Floor, Tower A 
Tel. : +91 .124.4545300 
Website : www.icra.in 
DLF Cyber City, Phase II 
GIN : L74999DL 1991 PLC042749 
Email 
: info@icraindia.com 
Gurugram - 122002, Haryana 
Helpdesk : +91 .9354738909 
Registered Office : B - 710, Statesman House, 148, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi - 110001 . Tel. : +91 .11 .23357940-41 
RATING 
• 
RESEARCH 
• 
INFORMATION 130796 
SYED SHAKEB 
RAHMAN
Digitally signed by 
SYED SHAKEB 
RAHMAN 
Date: 2023.05.26 
16:04:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 26 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICRA Limited FY2023 
Post-Results Conference call hosted by ICRA. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
Joining us today from the Management side, we have Mr. Ramnath Krishnan 
– Managing Director and Group CEO, ICRA Limited, Mr. Venkatesh, 
Vishwanathan – Group Chief Financial Officer, L Shivakumar – Executive Vice 
President (Business Development and Chief Business Officer), Mr. K 
Ravichandran – Executive Vice President & Chief Rating Officer, and Ms. 
Sushmita Ghatak – MD & CEO, ICRA Analytics to discuss the performance of 
the company during the call, followed by a Q&A session. 
Before we begin today's conference call, I would like to remind you that some 
of the statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve some risks and uncertainties. Please refer to Slide #25 
of “Investor Presentation” for detailed disclaimer. ICRA or any of its 
subsidiaries or the directors, officers or employees of ICRA or its subsidiaries 
shall have no liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from any 
forward-looking statement or use of the “Investor Presentation” or its 
contents, or otherwise arising in connection with this Conference Call. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Ramnath Krishnan – Managing 
Director & Group CEO, ICRA Limited, to commence the proceedings. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Very warm welcome to 
today's Analyst/Investor Call. 
Let me provide you with broad highlights of our “Financial Performance” for 
the year that has just gone by Year Ended March ’23: 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 26 
I'm pleased to say ICRA as a Group has delivered strong results in the last year. 
For the first time in the history of the group, the top line has crossed INR 4 
billion. The Rating business delivered a growth of 14% year-on-year and the 
non-Rating business housed in our subsidiary, ICRA Analytics, delivered a 
growth of 23% year-on-year. Overall, top line growth was 18%. 
Despite significant investment in our people, technology and related 
infrastructure, we maintained our operating margins and that resulted in 
strong growth in our PAT by 20%. All this was naturally possible on the back 
of significant growth in credit offtake in the Rating business and strong growth 
in our Knowledge Services business in ICRA Analytics. 
Finally, before I provide some perspectives on our “Strategic Imperatives and 
Outlook” for FY24, I'm pleased to advise that the board has recommended 
subject to shareholders’ approval, a higher dividend of Rs. 40 per share and 
additionally a one-time special dividend of Rs. 90 per share. 
Now coming to our Strategic Imperatives: 
Our endeavor will be to deliver better operating margins consistently by 
improving our yields on our Products and Services and by bringing in better 
operating efficiencies through process reengineering and technology. We 
acknowledge that the Rating business is a highly regulated business and our 
ability to grow in this space will be dictated by the regulatory landscape and 
of course, the level of economic activity. Our endeavor, therefore, will be to 
increase our Domestic Analytics business more significantly, while continuing 
to work on the Rating business. At the moment, the pie is split 57:43 between 
the Rating and the Analytics businesses and this is better than where we were 
a year earlier. So, directionally we are well-positioned. 
People are core to our strategy and we will continue to invest in our talent 
with a view to grooming them for the future. 
We will continue to invest in technology significantly and expect technology 
to be a key pillar to drive growth and efficiency in all our businesses. You may 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 26 
recall that we hired a Chief Technology Officer last year to lead this 
transformation. 
Outlook: 
On the near-term outlook, we have forecasted a GDP growth of 6% in FY24 
and we expect interest rates to be largely stable, inflation to moderate, credit 
offtake to be buoyant and a number of risk Analytics opportunities to emerge 
in the BFSI space. 
Further, it is expected that the Government of India's planned spend on 
infrastructure of INR 10.5 trillion will have a material effect in the coming 
financial year. 
In Summary: 
We remain sanguine about the prospects for ICRA Group. 
Finally, in terms of flow of events, we will cover the Group Financial 
Performance, Overview of our Rating and the non-Rating businesses in that 
order and then open it up for Q&A. 
I will now hand you over to Mr. Venkatesh Viswanathan – our Group CFO, to 
talk you through the FY23 Performance. Thank you. Over to you Venkat. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Ram. Hello everyone. 
I will be covering the “Financial Section of the Presentation” which is from 
Slide #12 to Slide #13. 
Our consolidated revenue from operations increased 16% to Rs. 109.1 crore 
for the 4th Quarter ended March 31, 2023, driven by strong growth from 
Rating and Analytics. The growth in revenue in Q4 reflects the continued 
demand for bank credit, market issuances and securitization as the domestic 
market continued to gain from the prevailing high global interest rates. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 26 
The Analytics growth was largely on account of Knowledge Services due to the 
increase in requirements for analytical support. 
We also saw an increase in expense over the previous year. This was largely 
on account of true-up for incentives based on performance merit increase in 
previous year where we had to do a one-time correction based on 
benchmarking and role adds in the Knowledge Services linked to revenue. 
Profit after tax increased by 15% to Rs. 38.6 crores from Rs. 33.7 crores for 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
Now I'm covering the Full Year 2023 numbers: 
Consolidated revenue from operations increased 18% to Rs. 403 crores for 
the year ended March 31, 2023. Rating grew by 14% year-on-year, whereas 
Analytics had a good run with the strong growth of 23%. The overall growth 
in bond issuances, bank credit and securitization market reflected in the 
robust performance for the Rating business. 
ICRA Analytics performance for the year was led by strong growth in 
Knowledge Services where we saw good traction in ESG Analytics. We also 
saw an increased demand for Research and Analytics from both domestic and 
international clients. Market data and banking also supported the growth 
through client and product additions. 
Overall expenses also we saw a reasonable amount of growth over the 
previous year. Expense growth in the current year was due to the merit 
increase in the previous year. I did explain that this was on account of a one-
time compensation benchmark increase that we did last year. And also, on 
account of role adds in Knowledge Services which is linked to revenue. We 
also did see some cost coming up on account of investments in technology. 
Profits after tax increased by 20% to Rs. 137 crores from Rs. 114 crores for the 
corresponding previous year 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 26 
We declared a dividend of Rs. 130 per share. We will continue to review 
capital allocation and reward our shareholders on an ongoing basis. 
This is the end of the financial part of the Presentation. And I now request L. 
Shivakumar, who heads business development for the rating to take over the 
rating specific details. 
L. Shivakumar: 
Thank you, Venkat. Good afternoon everyone. I'm Shivakumar. I'll talk about 
the Rating business in two parts. The business environment we saw in FY23 
and the outlook for the same in FY24. 
Talking about the business environment first: 
FY23 was a good year for the domestic credit market. Despite the global 
headwinds on account of the geopolitical crisis due to the Russia-Ukraine war 
that broke out in February ‘22. 
Rising inflation led to higher interest rates globally, making the domestic 
funding options more competitive. As rates in India too started rising, bond 
yields rose first, leaving the bank credit more competitive. Bank credit hence 
saw a decadal high in FY23, as demand for credit to fund high working capital 
requirements rose significantly. The differential rate transmission continued 
for most of the first half of FY23 but as the bank rates started increasing and 
converging with the bond yields, bond issuances picked up strongly in the 
second half of the year. Overall, bank credit outstanding grew at (+15%) year-
on-year, and bond issuances grew at (+28%) year-on-year. With increasing 
bank credit, banks issued more bonds to shore up their capital and raise 
money through certificates of deposits. 
Mutual funds preferred certificates of deposits over commercial papers 
leading to flat commercial paper outstanding at the end of the year. 
Securitization volumes too grew significantly as the NBFCs and HFCs grew the 
book improved collection efficiencies, improved investor confidence, which 
had dipped during the pandemic. Need for cheaper sources of funds as 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 26 
prevailing rates were high throughout the year and the need for alternate 
funding sources during times of tighter liquidity gave a boost to securitization. 
Securitization also saw an increase in the number of transactions with several 
small NBFCs accessing the market through this route. As a result of all these 
drivers, namely increase in bank credit, higher bond issuances and surge in 
securitization volume, the rated volume for the industry grew well in FY23 
and in Q4 specifically. 
ICRAs growth in revenue for Q4 as well as FY23 reflect the growth in the 
domestic credit market. 
I'll now move on to the outlook for the Rating business: 
We do not give future guidance. I would, however, give some idea on broader 
market prospects for the Rating business. The Government in the Union 
budget has placed an enhanced outlay for infrastructure. We expect 
significant investments in road, EV infrastructure, real estate and other key 
sub-sectors. Domestic demand, supported by a projected GDP growth of 6%, 
will support corporate growth, leading to heightened working capital 
requirements. NBFC/HFCs will continue to grow their book at a healthy pace. 
These in turn are expected to support the growth in bank credit as well as 
bond issuances. Bank credit is expected to moderate compared with the 
higher base of last year, but still grow at a significant rate. 
Bond issuances too are expected to grow despite fewer issuances from a few 
large issuers and banks as rates are likely to stabilize. Given our strong 
positioning in the market, we expect to garner a commensurate share of the 
market opportunity. 
With this I conclude my remarks and would like to hand you over to 
Ravichandran who is our Chief Rating Officer. 
K. Ravichandran: 
Thanks Shiv. Good afternoon to all the participants. Over the next few 
minutes, I'll be giving a “Performance Update on Rating Operations”. 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 26 
We finished the year 20 to 23 on a high note with all time high rating accuracy 
metric that is average default position or ADP. For those of you who are not 
familiar with this metric, let me take a few seconds to explain this metric. For 
a credit rating agency, getting the rating right is a key expectation from the 
market participants and the regulators. In this regard, CRA encountered two 
kinds of analytical errors, namely type-1 error and type-2 error. Type-1 error 
happens when you assign an investment grade rating to an entity and that 
entity goes on to default in the next few years. Type-2 error happens when 
you assign a conservative rating and that entity displays much better stability 
or improvement in credit fundamentals in the subsequent period. Controlling 
both these errors in the short as well as long run would be key imperative for 
any CRA to be trusted in the debt markets. ADP captures both these errors as 
it tries to pin down the average position of the defaulted credits. We ended 
the year with an ADP of 93.3% as compared to 89.5% as of FY22 end and long 
period average of 76%. The higher the ADP, the more accurate our Rating 
collectively. 
There are also other rating accuracy metrics, namely – Cumulative Default 
Rate and Rating Stability which have also seen significant year-on-year 
improvement. You can refer to our website under rating performance for 
granular details. 
I believe these improvements are on account of a confluence of few 
developments, namely – tightening of analytical rigor at our end over the last 
few years, improved operating environment for the rated credits and shift in 
the composition of the portfolio towards a higher share of investment grade. 
It's our endeavor to maintain such high rating accuracy levels in the coming 
years. 
Moving to other performance trends in FY23, the proportion of entities whose 
ratings were reaffirmed or remained unchanged normalized to about 80% 
aligned with the long period average. However, as in Financial Year ‘22, the 
proportion of entities whose ratings were upgraded in FY23 remained 
elevated at about 15% in relation to the long period average of 11%. The 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 26 
proportion of rating downgrades had already reduced to 6% in FY22 as 
business fundamentals rebounded, both economic growth slowdown and the 
COVID induced credit pressures seen in FY20 and FY21. The proportion of 
rating downgrades remained low at about 5% in FY23 as the recovery 
momentum continued to hold steady overall, even as supply chain concerns, 
cost inflation, interest rate hardening and currency depreciation pose 
challenges. 
On the Research front, the Research Reports of ICRA continue to be well-
appreciated by various stakeholders for their analytical content. ICRA 
published multiple thematic reports across sectors, covering relevant events 
and their impact on the industry, which were particularly appreciated by the 
clients. These reports helped in positioning ICRA as a thought leader. ICRA 
continues to actively engage with the investor community by regularly 
holding interactive sessions on macroeconomy and industries through its 
webinar series, thereby building a strong market franchise. 
With these remarks, let me hand over the floor to Sushmita, who is the MD 
and CEO of ICRA Analytics Limited. 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening everybody, and I shall take this opportunity to 
walk you through Slide #18, which is a representation of our non-Rating 
business which is housed in ICRA Analytics. I will also touch upon what has 
worked well for us in this year and in iteration of our strength as we continue 
to go with our business. 
On the Slide, you would see that there are three Knowledge Services, Market 
Data and Risk Management that is written and each represents a business 
vertical for us and I would go sequentially with each of them. 
Starting with Knowledge Services, which is our largest vertical and that's 
essentially our outsourcing or our knowledge process outsourcing business. 
In this we serve our anchor client primarily in the area of financial analysis and 
interpretation. It is done by the excellent command that we have over IFRS 
and GAAP accounting principles and this expertise that we have extends 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 26 
across all global entities at across all sectors. It's really sector agnostic and we 
also support in the area of ESG Analytics and in the area of structured finance, 
we are strong in the area of modeling using Python as well as other software 
platforms as well as data management. So, essentially that is our core 
expertise and our focus has been that we've continuously upskilled ourselves 
and we have been proactive so that we are always able to offer services that 
are relevant to our anchor client and by doing this, not only do we serve them, 
but we've continuously moved up the value spectrum, which has enabled us 
to increase our rates and also keep the people engaged. 
Domain service and service quality are truly our USP. We've never missed a 
single SLA in our history of 20 years and we hope to continue with our strategy 
of learning new skill sets, which includes technology and also continuing to 
improve productivity so that we remain competitive. And Needless to say, 
that in this year the USD-INR depreciation definitely did add a fillip to the 
numbers of Knowledge Services. 
Moving away from our global clients to the domestic market: 
As we heard Ram say in his opening remarks that the domestic business is a 
focus area for us and we had two objectives in mind: 
• 
The ﬁrst one was to improve proﬁtability. 
• 
The second was to really remain in our area of core competence. 
So, to ensure that we meet this strategy over the last 2-3 years, we have 
exited multiple unprofitable areas and this has of course, helped us become 
more expert in the areas that we are good at and obviously improve our 
profitability. So, the two conscious areas, the two areas where we've kind of 
consciously remained are what you see on the right-hand side of the slide, 
which is Market Data as well as Risk Management. And our endeavor is to 
make them grow with more product addition, better outreach and definitely 
in terms of higher automation. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 26 
To be a bit more specific about these two verticals, let me first talk about 
Market Data and that's our second largest area of business: 
We are a provider of content and analytics in the mutual fund and fixed 
income space to a multitude of market participants in India. Our mutual fund 
database is more than 20 years old. It is extremely comprehensive and we are 
a preferred vendor in the market for this data and this is sold through on-
premise product, it is sold through SaaS cloud hosted solutions, it is sold as 
research report, fact sheet, etc., and also through API calls. We also 
disseminate mutual fund ranking for all the active MF Scheme in India through 
our proprietary methodology. We are the trusted provider of fixed income 
valuation to mutual funds to the PMS industry and to other market 
participants. And as we are all aware, this is an extremely market-critical role 
that needs to be done on a daily basis for all the outstanding fixed-income 
instruments that are held by our clients. 
Other than this, we've also have an overlay of analytics layer on the work that 
we do and we sell multi-asset workflow and analytical solutions for specific 
segments like Independent Financial Advisors, Corporate Treasuries and 
these are essentially sold on a pay-as-you-go model. Our website is e-
commerce enabled and one can purchase it from there and we also kind of 
do direct sale. Our domain expertise in this area, along with our focus on 
quality and timely delivery has helped us to grow our business. 
And the other thing that we've done is we keep rolling out tech-enabled 
contemporary solutions that keeps addressing the regulatory requirements 
and other requirements that might emerge in the market. 
The last and the third business vertical that we have is Risk Management and 
what we do here is we provide internal rating models for banks and NBFCs. 
Apart from that, we provide expected credit loss solutions and we have our 
clients across many NBFCs. We provide industry risk score and counterparty 
risk assessment. On counterparty risk assessment is essentially around SME 
and vendor grading. What we do differently is we use alternate data and 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 26 
passed it through an automated platform, so that helps us to scale up quickly. 
That also helps us in efficiency. The one thing in this business that has worked 
well for us is the robustness of our model, which is across different portfolios 
and we keep validating it periodically. And we've been able to grow our 
business from existing clients and acquire new clients based on the strength 
of our offerings and our domain expertise. 
To conclude, moving away from the three businesses and taking a more 
holistic view at the company level, which is ICRA Analytics, we are focused on 
process orientation, people development and technology assimilation as the 
work that we do is extremely time sensitive, quality sensitive. It has to be very 
data secure and we have different certifications. We are “Great Place to 
Work” certified ISO 9001, ISO 27,001 and these are a testimony to the kind of 
rigor that we follow at our end. 
ICRA Analytics has also been a recipient of the “STPI Awards” in our particular 
cohort and the last award that we won was in FY22, this was for “Growth of 
Business as well as for “Gender Ratio”. 
We expect that on a continued basis, our domain and our functional expertise 
across multiple businesses, the strong client relationships that we've been 
able to develop and hold on to and as we continue to focus on the enablers 
of people, process and technology should definitely stand us in good stead. 
With that, I would just roll this up and thank you for your time and I will hand 
it back to the operator for the next section. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
The first question is on the Rating business. If you can elaborate on the 
revenue mix movement in FY23 versus FY22 in terms of what was the share 
of initial rating fee and surveillance fee, how that is moved in FY23 and if you 
can also comment on trends in our pricing or average revenue per mandate 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 26 
throughout the year. And also kind of talk about the competitive dynamics 
because one of your closer competitor has come back and they're also 
growing at a pretty much similar rate now. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Just quickly, the first two questions, one is on the mix and the other 
is the pricing per mandate. I don't think we put these on the public domain 
and hence it won't be appropriate for us to comment in terms of the mix. But 
if you want to generically look at the industry level, it varies between 40% to 
70%, that's a range I can give to you on the mix that we are talking about. 
Coming back to the mandates these are all several different assignments you 
have. Again, a mix of it, you have a different client set. Again, coming back 
and putting a number may not be right and at this forum at least when we 
don't disclose for competitive reasons also. Now, as regards your the third 
part I would ask Shiv to pick up on the numbers of the competitive landscape. 
L. Shivakumar: 
See, I will put it this way. As I had mentioned in my remarks, last year was a 
good year supported by a good growth in the volume of debt, both for bank 
credit that is the bank loan ratings as well as the bond issuances. See overall I 
would put it this way. There are three to four key players as you all are well 
aware, there are three listed entities on which you can get a lot more data. 
Competitive intensity is high. It continues to be so, but what is important to 
note as far as FY23 is concerned that it was the first year post the pandemic 
where we had growth happening in terms of credit in almost all key segments 
that is BFSI segment, the infra segment and even the non-infra corporate 
segment. Now within that we have made good gains which is what is reflected 
in our performance. So, that's what I would say in terms of our competitive 
strength and we would like to emphasize that we put in place the right 
technology as Ram was mentioning, we have looked at our people and we 
have the right strategy and approach in place in terms of approaching the 
market and all this has helped us in gaining significant share in the relevant 
segments. 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 26 
Rajiv Mehta: 
But on the first two questions that I had asked, if you can comment 
directionally for us whether the movement have been positive in terms of the  
share of IRF and in terms of pricing, just a qualitative comment. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Qualitatively, what we can say is if you look at the growth over the 
last four to five quarters, there's been a fair amount of growth and it has been 
positive for both IRF as well as surveillance. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
And it has been consistent as well. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And on the margin outlook while Sir said that we are looking, our endeavor 
will be to improve margins going ahead. So, while in the second half of FY23, 
our margins did not improve despite we were growing at an accelerated rate. 
And we spoke about certain business critical investments for employees and 
in tech but so are these are these investments some more recurring in nature 
and thus margin improvement may not be very significant even if the revenue 
growth would continue in the next year? What will be the key drivers of 
margin expansion that we aspire in the next year? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Last year, in fact, as I said, despite the fact that we had made a significant 
investments in our human capital and infrastructure including technology we 
managed to maintain the margins and that naturally came through significant 
improvement in our overall revenues. Now the people related cost we expect 
it to be largely under control going forward because we had to actually look 
at some of the gaps that we had in our compensation structure and they had 
to be corrected and that was done in all seriousness during the course of last 
financial year. So, therefore that is not something that is going to wreck up. 
The technology spends will actually continue, but that has been baked into 
our planning or our budgets for that matter. Generally speaking, I mean the 
expectation is that our margins will continually improve and there are two 
levers that we will continually pull. One is of course ensure that our revenues 
grow at a healthy rate and we price our products and services appropriately 
and at the same time ensuring that the costs remain under control. 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 26 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Just one last question in ICRA Analytics in the knowledge Services part what 
will be the share of the work we do for our parent Moody’s? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
So, from an overall number perspective I think I would say it is roughly 
around in the range of around 80% odd would be coming this you can anyway 
find out in the related party transaction. So, roughly it will be in that range 
maybe I am not giving you the exact I do not recollect, but it will be in that 
range. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Sorry you said 80% in ICRA Analytics? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
That is right. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And we have seen very good growth so when I look at that annual report 
related party transaction in the last three, four years there has been good 
consistent growth of work and flow coming from Moody's, so can you just 
elaborate on that what is driving that and how should we look at it in the 
future? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
Sushmita you may want to take this. 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
So, there are a couple of things that has been driving that one has been the 
new business that we have got and it started during COVID time. We have set 
up a very large team for ESG analytical support. So, the addition of new work 
has been one driver. The other drive has been our ability to transition from a 
kind of routine work to more value-added work and that is where our long 
association and our ability to understand the requirements of the market is 
helping us partner them. So, in existing lines of business that we support 
Moody’s we are being able to get more value-added work and in the area 
where we were not there earlier we are getting new work. So, those two 
trends have helped us grow our business over the last three or four years. And 
moving forward yes we do. We would expect that as we continue to upskill as 
we continue to partner with them more such opportunity should come our 
way. 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 26 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Paresh Sangani from Club Millionaire 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Paresh Sangani: 
My question has been asked earlier, but I have some thoughts on ESG rating, 
what do you see the process of ESG ratings in India? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
At the momentum as you would be aware that SEBI had actually come out 
with the consultation paper some time back and then they came out with a 
broad framework. I think a couple of months ago the Gazette notification is 
yet to come. So, we are not entirely sure at the present time in terms of the 
form and shape it is going to land in. Opportunity I mean certainly you know 
would be there, there is no doubt about that at all. It will naturally evolve over 
time and it is as you will be aware the regulators are increasingly paying a lot 
of attention to this both the lending community, the investor community they 
are looking at it quite closely as well. So, while it is difficult to size the market 
at the present time and determine what exactly the dollar value of the market 
is going to be, but it is certainly a market that should see fairly attractive 
growth over time whether it is going to happen in one year or whether it is 
going to happen in three or four years and I think it is difficult to tell, but 
certainly an area that will evolve quite significantly. 
Paresh Sangani: 
The second question was regarding market share gains about five years back 
we had market share of about 19% in terms of rating revenue sorry it was 22% 
and now it is closer to 19%, so what are the structural drivers to gain market 
share in such a sticky business where the products are associate with 
customers? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
See, we are not increasingly and our focus has been actually shifting to pricing 
our products and services appropriately. The historical metric of actually 
measuring market share just in terms of shares that we have in the value of 
debt rated. We are actually moving away from whilst we obviously track it, 
but it is not an imperative for us anymore because it just results in large 
transactions being made at completely suboptimal levels. 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 26 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
Paresh, what typically happens is when any of the large, for example, 
PSU comes, they come with a very large VOD, but in terms of the pricing it 
may not work out something positive for us. So, I think what essentially we 
are saying is we are going to work in a more profitable way rather than blindly 
going behind the market share. 
Paresh Sangani: 
And the question is again to you Venkat in terms of what will be the dividend 
payout policy generally, if you look at the peers they are anywhere between 
70% to maybe even say 90% payout of the annual profits this time I know 
there has been a special dividend, but even then we have almost 1,100 crore 
of cash and the dividend payout should not be more than say 125 crores. I am 
adding these special dividend and the normal dividend. So, with such a large 
cash as well what would be the annual dividend payout ratios or in terms of 
continuing or something like a special dividends as well given the high cash 
that we see in the balance sheet? 
Management: 
See, I think the way we are looking at the cash in the balance sheet is that we 
review this very periodically bit more seriously and what we will do is if we 
have certain in terms of what is our requirement, what kind of working capital 
that we need. 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
So, I think we do have a dividend policy which articulates I mean that 
is there and it is a part of our website as well, but coming back to your specific 
question in terms of how we see this I think we review this periodic and we 
also intend in case let us take an example we do not require a particular cash 
we will not shy away from returning to the shareholders. So, I think that you 
would have seen an intent from what we did right now essentially. So, we 
work it out periodically and if you are asking from a trend I think it would not 
be correct for me to give you a trend per say because that is something 
specific board activity, but having said that if you look at the even the regular 
dividend what I can say is that also we have upped. So, that is the best I can 
at this point in time tell you. 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 26 
Paresh Sangani: 
Venkat sorry, but could you just tell me what would be the typical dividend 
payout ratio of the annual profit earlier historically we had about 30% and like 
I mentioned the peers have been closer to 70% to maybe even 90% and I am 
talking about a long-term trend as well? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
So, the policy I think it is 25% to 50% of the PAT. 
Paresh Sangani: 
So, the final question is Sushmita interview I remember reading a note on it 
at the ICRA Analytics plan to add more delivery centers from India. I think the 
number were 4 40.30 earlier, so any thought processes Sushmita in terms of 
how many centers are we planning to add and what is the employee count 
that is going to increase maybe say couple of years down the road? 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
No, in terms of the delivery centers, in any case we do have them in Bombay 
so Kolkata of course, but we also operate in Bombay and in Noida Delhi which 
is essentially to serve our domestic clients. So, I am not sure which particular 
node that was, but in terms of serving our global clients is done from one 
center, serving our domestic clients is done from couple of centers and yes, 
we do have keeping in mind the way the business would grow and from the 
business continuity we are looking at other places where we could be putting 
up our next center. We have not these are still kind at the discussion table 
and I do not have any firm plans to share as of now 
Paresh Sangani: 
And the final question was to Shiv I mean we know that HDFC as an NBFC is 
going to go away from the market, but I was very curious and very happy to 
hear that we will not miss in terms of the business from it is really made-up in 
some form. So, Shiv can you explain what are the other important 
contributors to kind of manage this business related to absence from this 
market? 
L. Shivakumar: 
The last part was not clear. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
The last part of your question was not very clear Paresh. 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 26 
Paresh Sangani: 
Ram and Shiv my question was how are we going to make up the absence of 
the large scale like HDFC going from the debt market? 
L. Shivakumar: 
I will put it this way see HDFC is getting merged with HDFC Bank. So, the debt 
portfolio of HDFC which we are rating will just move to HDFC Bank and we will 
continue to rate that portfolio and we rate HDFC as well as HDFC Bank now. 
As of individually we rate both the entities. 
Paresh Sangani: 
So, you are saying despite it absence from the debt markets so to speak what 
I call a major way still it will not be much of a problem for the industry as a 
whole in terms of rating revenues? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
In fact, it is quite the contrary I mean such a large organization post-merger 
the requirement for actually raising debt will be quite significant and that has 
been actually evidenced even in the last 6 months so the issuances they have 
come out with in the last six months, it is all essentially to support their 
liquidity requirements because they have their own growth aspirations as 
well so which also needs to be funded and what should I say the market that 
is there for deposits that is getting to be more and more tricky for banks. So, 
they have to necessarily look at avenues outside of conventional deposits and 
which every bank will be doing and that is what has been evident in the last 6 
months as well. 
Paresh Sangani: 
I thought lot of these borrowings will get substituted in form of deposit and 
generally what happens is most of the entities have what I call a cap on terms 
of the rating revenue, so therefore even if it becomes a larger entity I guess 
you might get subject to what I call an annual caps in terms of the pricing and 
that that is why I was a bit apprehensive on that? 
L Shiv Kumar 
See, there is a practice of having caps for entities with very large amount of 
debt. Having said that, in this specific case A that the large amount of debt 
which we are currently rating at HDFC will move to the merged entity anyway 
and we do rate HDFC and secondly as Ram said the merged entity will have 
debt requirements. It may be in different form, but the debt requirement 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 26 
would continue. So, we do hope that we will continue to rate the merged 
entity and I do not expect any challenge on this front. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
And similar to all commercial arrangements I mean all agreements including 
cap agreements are all subject to revision at annual intervals anyway. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Girish Shetty from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Shetty: 
So, just two questions first is I wanted to know the reason for the sharp 
increase in the employee cost, so if I see the run rate for the last two, three 
quarters it has been higher as compared to the previous year, so how should 
one look at the run rate going ahead in terms of employee cost? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
No, I think I responded to that earlier as Venkat said and I mentioned it as 
well. We looked at a fairly significant what should I say changes to our entire 
compensation structure which was actually put into place in the last financial 
year that is the reason why there is a significant increase in the employee 
costs and there was some increase to the senior management bench strength 
as well, but as I said we do not expect this to be a repeat phenomenon bulk 
of it has actually been done. 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
And just to answer the second part of it when you said from a run rate 
I think it is better that we look at the full year because you will still have some 
timing differences coming in because of true-up of incentives or some other 
spend coming in. So, it is better to look at it from a full year perspective rather 
than the H2 or H1 perspective. 
Girish Shetty: 
Because sir I think last year it was around 180 crores even full year and now 
it has gone to like 208 crores so that is like you can say normal increase for 
the business? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
It has got two, three components actually so one is a catch up for the 
last year which we did. So, there is a component sitting there. The second is 
obviously this year the performance has been good you would have seen the 

 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 26 
numbers in terms of the revenue the growth has been achieved. So, there is 
the amount of incentives also kicking in which would be slightly on the higher 
side and the third part is the staff additions that we would have done in the 
knowledge services which is actually a revenue limit. So, that also plays a part 
here because I think we have added people there which has also increased 
the cost, but we have a proportionate revenue for that. 
Girish Shetty: 
I think my second question was related to that. So, in terms of the non-Rating 
business margins have come down sharply in this particular quarter, so can 
we attribute that to the same thing like you mentioned? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
Yes, that is right. 
Girish Shetty: 
And I believe next year it should be better in terms of how you were seeing in 
the first three quarters as compared to the fourth quarter? 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
Ideally, we do not give a forward-looking statement so that way it will 
be difficult for me to comment on that, but the point I was making was that 
look at from a full year trending perspective rather than on the quarter-on-
quarter basis next year we do not give a forward-looking statement sorry 
about that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. 
Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Sir regarding ESG Analytics, the business that you received from parent if you 
can give us a broader picture of what is the opportunity size over here to 
understand what is the headroom for growth, also what is our wallet share 
with the parent for the kind of service that we offer and which other regions 
are we specific competing with in terms of household business and we 
highlighted especially for ESG Analytics and how do we see the growth coming 
from this business cannot really sustain these high growth rates number and 
related to that how does the unit economics work here, is it a cost plus model 
or is it tender based, how does in terms of revenue work here in terms of a 
number of projects that we get? 

 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 26 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
Let me start with the first question which is around ESG Analytics and this is 
an evolving market and as our parent looks at improving their methodology 
and improving the coverage this business would grow. So, I apologize that I 
am unable to put a particular dollar number in terms of what the size may be, 
but this has been something that is kind of started and I said the methodology 
got developed over the last couple of years where the intervention or the 
coverage would happen that was also something that the analyst team sitting 
at Moody’s etcetera has been looking at. So, yes I mean as I said unable to 
give you a dollar number, but our experience has been that it has been 
growing that is point number one. Point number two I think was in terms of 
with whom else do we compete or what is the wallet share. So, for certain 
lines of business in the area where we are in some cases we might be the only 
vendor. In certain other cases depending upon their requirement there might 
be other vendors. We do not have full clarity in each particular line of 
business, but when we talk about the analytical work because the outsourcing 
might happen at different levels. So, it might happen for technology, it might 
happen for modeling, it might happen for the kind of accounting the IFRS the 
gap kind of work that we do. So, in that particular area we definitely do have 
a strong market share. However, as is true for any company they also do keep 
looking for other vendors who could have other capabilities and at the same 
time as I said we also continuously continue to upscale ourselves, be more 
aligned with contemporary technology. So, it is really kind of happening I 
mean both the wheels are turning at the same time, we try to upgrade, we 
offer more relevant solutions. They would also look for other vendors, but 
what the domain expertise that we have built over the last 20 years we found 
as I said in the initial text also that does standards in good stead. The third 
question was in terms of is it cost plus, is it tender, how are the rates set. So, 
yes we do have given the volume of our relationship and the strength of our 
relationship. There are certain rates that are set for us and those rates we 
have seen the margins that come from the business. So, they do deliver good 
margins for us. However, at the same point of time as is true with any client 
they also do benchmark us with any other kind of vendor that might be there 
that there is definitely a premium that would be there in terms of the quality 

 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 26 
that we serve and the timeliness as I said that we haven't missed a single SLA 
till date in the last 20 years that we have been working. So, we do have long-
term rates, but definitely depending upon market situations there might be 
repricing either way, it does work either way. So, is it tender? No, it is not 
tender, but at times, benchmarking might happen. So, I think these were the 
three things that you had or is there anything I am missing. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
So, I mean coming back like you mentioned that we do some benchmarking, 
so is it based on the number of employees where the benchmark of the 
revenues are set is that what you are trying to say? 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
No, I possibly could not communicate properly. The question was more from 
the customers end and so while we do have long term rates with them there 
are also opportunities for repricing that come up and these opportunities for 
repricing are when a benchmarking would be done with any other vendor that 
might be there who might want to offer something similar, so that was what 
I was referring to and in such situations we found what has held us in good 
stead has been our domain expertise and the fact that our error rate and our 
daily deliverables that we do we absolutely commit to whatever we do. So, 
that was the benchmarking I was referring to more market driven for the 
business contracts. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
And regarding the Rating business if you look at our margin if we compare it 
with our peers, so it is actually lower by 10%, 11% and higher even also with 
one more company, so how do this margin differential will be bridged, is it 
only sales performance that will bridge the margin differential or is there 
something else?. 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
See on the margins perspective I think we are cognizant of the fact 
and in terms of the margins I think there is some way to go for us I mean there 
are two parts which come into play. One is the kind of investments that we 
spoke about in terms of people that we have done last year and the second is 
the investments on the technology we are actually did something and we are 
continuing to do. So, in the immediate or the near term the margins has been 

 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 26 
slightly lower because of these kind of investments. Having said that, I think 
it is imperative for us that you know we are able to grow on this and that is 
where our thought process is. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Doshi from Chanakya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Doshi: 
I wanted to understand in Analytics business what is the headcount of our 
analytics team and what are the plans for hiring this year in current year? 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
I would really not be able to share specific headcount plans, but the way we 
kind of do our planning I could share that with you. So, one is as we kind of 
get visibility on business we do hire and we do hire with about a 1-month 
overlap, 2-month overlap which is the time that we spend on training in terms 
of background verification etcetera. The other thing that we do is we do 
maintain a bench so as to ensure that for long leaves, maternity leave, etc., 
peak cycles, we are well taken care of, but I apologize that in terms of specific 
hiring numbers for this year I would not be able to kind of share that but 
suffice to say that it is directly kind of linked to the business that we would 
get I hope that helps. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
At the moment we have roughly about 800 people in Analytics. 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
That is right 840 to be more precise in terms of the total employee strength 
for the company. 
Aditya Doshi: 
In our Rating business what are the opportunities in adjacent areas for the 
next three to five years and how are we preparing to expand our skill set to 
take advantage of this? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Aditya Doshi: 
What are the opportunities in adjacent areas to Rating business in next three 
to five years, how are we preparing to expand our skill set to take advantages 
of those opportunities? 

 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 26 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
As I said in my opening remarks that it is a regulated industry. So, what we 
can do as a rating agency is going to be entirely a function of how the 
regulatory framework evolves and what credit rating agencies are permitted 
to do. So, now recently about a year or so ago credit rating agencies were 
permitted to do the monitoring activity if you like for public issuances so that 
that was actually permitted so that is an activity that has been onboarded by 
CRAs in the last 12 to 18 months. ESG we are waiting for further guidance 
from the regulators. It is likely that some part of it or all of it might land within 
the CRA world so that is one part of it. So, the new products or services that 
we can get into from the rating side is always going to be a function of the 
regulatory framework, but what we are actually primarily focused on so we 
have obviously no control over that. So, we have to capitalize on those 
opportunities as and when they get presented, but what we are actually 
primarily focused on is ensuring that our proposition is right up there in terms 
of analytical rigor, analytical quality etcetera as Ravi mentioned in his remarks 
and to ensure that the our pricing of our products and services is actually 
consistent with what we believe is actually appropriate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Sanghavi from Banyan 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Viraj Sanghavi: 
So, can you throw some light on the non-Rating India business in terms of size, 
growth and profitability? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sushmita would you like to take that. 
Sushmita Ghatak: 
So, as I did say at the beginning given the fact that we have exited some of 
our consulting businesses which we felt were not core to our expert area. So, 
as of now our non-domestic to global business to the total business would be 
approximately 20% that is the first point. In terms of profitability earlier they 
definitely were not profitable, but today they are not only on a path to 
profitability, but they are also profitable and the way we have done this has 
been more in terms of selling it because some part of it is a very volume driven 
game. The second part of the business is in terms of more ability to configure 

 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 26 
rather than customize because some part of it is in the area of software and 
the other is by of course in terms of automation at our own end. So, in terms 
of the path to profitability as well as in terms of being profitable it is much 
lower obviously than the global business, but it has stepped up over the last 
couple of years and if you were to talk about in terms of how do we see it 
growing definitely our focus areas and this is where we are trying to build on 
the adjacencies in terms of if we were only say doing models we are now 
possibly trying to integrate with other core systems, with other players to give 
a more unified solution products which have better technology better UX, 
better UI. So, yes the market is growing and we also intend to grow it with the 
right intervention. So, definitely this is an area that is our focus and we do 
expect it to grow.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatesh Vishwanathan for closing 
comments. 
Venkatesh Vishwanathan: 
We have come to the close of the analyst call. On behalf of the ICRA 
Management I thank all the participants for their time and engaging 
conversation that we had today. We look forward to stay connected with the 
analyst and the investor community. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICRA Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
