 
 
 
 
 
 
Date : 23rd August,2023  
To, 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No- ‘C’ Block,  
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
SYMBOL: TARACHAND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Investor Meet held on 18th 
August,2023,Friday at 03:00 PM(IST)  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we are hereby 
sharing the transcript to the Stock Exchange of the Investors Meet held on 18th 
August,2023,Friday. 
 
The 
same 
shall 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
(www.tarachandindia.in) as per the prescribed timelines under the Listing Regulations . 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tarachand InfraLogistic Solutions Limited 
(Formerly Tara Chand Logistic Solutions Limited) 
 
 
 
Himanshu Aggarwal 
Executive Director & CFO 
DIN No. : 01806026 
  
Encl: As above 
HIMANSHU 
AGGARWA
L
Digitally signed by HIMANSHU AGGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=6295, 
pseudonym=8d0c8e64545a478e2429d000ed
21b1a6, 
2.5.4.20=C081421AAD249F64CFB4C268E534A
16A0B76B7F7BACBFE45D4A4115B4CE03718, 
postalCode=410210, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=cf7840098f027de4feba399708
b20cf1eb0890fb06d8a4a869e0b25002c8e196, 
cn=HIMANSHU AGGARWAL 
Date: 2023.08.23 11:06:34 +05'30'

“Tara Chand I
Q1 FY ’24
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIM
FINANCI
SOLUTIO
MS. NIS
COMPLI
INFRALO
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. AST
 
Page 1 of 14
 
 
Infralogistic Solutions Limite
4 Earnings Conference Call”
August 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
MANSHU AGGARWAL – DIRECTOR AN
IAL OFFICER –TARA CHAND INFRALO
ONS LIMITED 
SHU KANSAL – COMPANY SECRETARY
IANCE OFFICER – TARA CHAND 
OGISTIC SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
THA JAIN – HEM SECURITIES 
ed  
 
ND CHIEF 
OGISTIC 
Y AND 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tara Chand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited 
Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by HEM Securities. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in telephone only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Astha Jain from HEM Securities. Thank you and over to you Ms. Jain. 
Astha Jain: 
Thank you Neerav. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Tara 
Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the 
call today are Mr. Himanshu Aggarwal, Whole Time Director and CFO and Ms. Nishu Kansal, 
Company Secretary of the company. We will commence the call with the opening thoughts 
from the management team post which we will open the forum for Q&A session, where the 
management will be glad to respond to any queries that you may have. 
 
At this point, I would like to add that some of the statement made or discussed on the 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature. The actual results may vary from these 
forward-looking statement. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Himanshu Aggarwal 
to commence by sharing his thoughts on the performance and the strategic progress made by 
the company. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you for the introduction, Astha. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I, 
HimanshuAggarwal, the Whole Time Director and CFO on behalf of the entire team of Tara 
Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited welcome you and thank you to be a part of this investor 
and analyst call for Q1 FY24. I also have with me our Company Secretary, Ms. Nishu Kansal, 
who is also the Compliance Officer. 
 
To start with, I would like to give you a brief about what our company does at a glance. So the 
company Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited, it was previously known as Tara Chand 
Logistics Solutions Limited. It serves the India's infrastructure development needs and also the 
industrial capacity expansion needs through a vast fleet of cranes, piling grids and trailers. 
Along with that, we are into warehousing and logistics solutions that we execute primarily for 
PSU companies like Steel Authority of India Limited and Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited. The 
company has a vast experience of more than four decades for steel handling projects where we 
are involved with a capacity of more than 10 million tons steel handling per annum. 
 
On the equipment rental front, the company has machines, close about 300 machines, which as 
I said earlier, we've got heavy cranes. The largest crane the company has is of 800 ton 
capacity. There are hydraulic piling rigs, which are used for earthwork, groundwork to be done 
for construction works, And we've got steel processing equipment which is used for processing 
of TMTbars that are used in construction activity. 
 
The company, in the infrastructure development zone, has been active in the construction of 
large metros, the metro rail network across the country, having participated in Mumbai, 
Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Surat, Indore, Pune,  you name the metro, and we are there. We have 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
been a very active participant and we played a very important role for the construction of the 
first ever bullet train of the country, which is the also known as the Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-
speed rail project. Apart from that, in our industrial capacity expansions, we are actively 
working with the cement industry, steel industry, the renewable energy, in oil and gas, with 
refineries, and the power sector as well. 
 
We have a very diverse team of experts, which are spread across 21 states in the country. We 
also have operations in Mauritius where we are working with L&T and our team is a total of 
about 600 people and at present the company is working across almost 50 sites in the country. 
So, that is a brief that I wanted to start with. Now, moving on to the financial highlights for the 
Q1 FY24. The company is very happy and proud to have delivered the best ever June quarter 
results, in which we have seen as the highest sales& profitability, , as well as the highest ever 
EBITDA. To give the numbers, we clocked a total revenue of INR 40.17 crores, which is a 
year-on-year increase of 19%. The EBITDA we had of INR13.27 crores, which is a 33% 
increase year-on-year. 
 
The company then also ensured that there was financial efficiency, so the interest cost, or the 
finance cost, because a lot of the equipment that the company purchases is financed by banks. 
So, the finance cost is an important role which has reduced by 23%. It has gone down to 
INR1.57 crores for the quarter against the same quarter in the previous year. The profitability, 
as I said, has been the been the best so we had a profit before tax of INR4.46 crores for this 
quarter leading to a profit after tax of INR3.8 crores. 
 
Both these numbers have seen exponential increases. The PBT increased by 58% year-on-year 
while the PAT increased by 81%. The cash PAT accordingly has also increased by 53% 
reaching a figure of INR11.04 crores for the quarter ended June 30th, 2023. The company is 
working aggressively with its clients to ensure that the efficiency, the occupancy of its 
equipment is ensured throughout a longer period. We have the USP of being associated with 
our clients for long term. 
 
We've been associated with companies like Steel Authority of India Limited for almost 35 
years now, and  with infra companies like Larsen & Toubro, Tata Projects, Afcons and other 
such names also for more than 10 years or 15 years, as the case may be. And it is because of 
these efforts that the company has been able to grow over the years, and we did, if you would 
look at our numbers, we did have certain challenges when COVID came in, which was a 
challenge for a lot of the people, but that has only served as a catapulting effect where the 
company has launched into a new growth zone in the post-COVID era. 
 
And going forward, I would like to add here, we are in the quarter, in the second quarter of the 
financial year, which usually tends to be slightly lower than the previous quarter because of the 
monsoon effects and that is traditionally how our industry works where you would see that the 
last two quarters, Q3 and Q4 usually tend to have the best results when it comes to sales and 
that is where we would also be looking at and it's just a word of caution that you should 
consider the output from the company in this quarter accordingly. 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Going forward, on the order book front, we have an order book currently for the current year 
as on 1st August 2023 to be executed up to the 31st of March 2024, we are looking at an order 
book of about INR110 crores, which is predominantly, almost equally divided between our 
two major segments, which are warehousing and transportation, giving us about INR54 crores, 
and the equipment rental industry giving us about INR50 crores in this order book. And we are 
anticipating more orders that would come in from the rental division because it is of a different 
nature where every three or six months different orders or extension of orders do take place.  
 
Whereas in our warehousing and transportation, it is a long-term seven-year, five-year 
contracts that the company gets from the PSU companies that we are working with. To give 
you an idea, on the work order front, otherwise, the company has an order book from this 
warehousing and transportation of INR144 crores which is to be executed in subsequent 
financial years as well. 
 
So, that is the gist of what the company is doing and in addition we are working on bidding for 
EPC projects where we feel that it is the next step for the company to take forward the 
company into the next growth and development zone. And those we will update once we have 
concrete information and concrete results on our EPC tenders that we are bidding. With that, I 
would like to now open up the floor for the Q&A and had it hand back to Ms. Astha. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the man of Bhavesh Sanghvi from Growthfinity Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Sanghvi: 
Hi, nice to get all the [inaudible 0:10:17]. 
Moderator: 
Hello? Speak through the handset please. Can I request you to speak a little louder please? 
Bhavesh Sanghvi: 
Yes, my concern was here related to the previous annual report. So we saw major cause in the 
maintenance report of previous year. Is there are any cause [inaudible 0:11:12]. Normally, that 
might impact the profitability that we did expect it to be, if you remind somebody that. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Nikhil, I'm not able to catch the question clearly. 
Bhavesh Sanghvi: 
Yes, so we saw a major cost in the area maintenance in the previous annual report. And I think 
there are any such major expenses that the management is expecting in the future that might 
impact the profitability? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So for the previous year are you referring to the entire year or a specific period of the year, if 
you talk about the previous year? 
Bhavesh Sanghvi: 
In the previous year, the whole year, like in the previous annual report I saw major chunk of 
expenses coming from the repair and maintenance. So here there was a major increase of 
almost double increase from 450 to around 900 plus plus? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay, so in the previous year, as I understand, we did have a contract with L&T,  we were 
doing for the bullet train piling works where it was a back to back contract. The cost of doing 
that work, there  was a certain component that goes into executing that work which has been 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
itemized under repair and maintenance, which would have led to a chunk of the expense being 
seen as such, which does not seem to be the case in the present year. So, if that is your 
question, specifically, whether we see any major repair and maintenance costs in this year is 
what I understand you're trying to ask, right? 
Bhavesh Sanghvi: 
Yes. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, so, to answer that, it would be in the general range that it has always been. Only last year 
probably what you were referring to is an increase that was for a specific project which is not 
there for the current year. At least at this point. 
Bhavesh Sanghvi: 
I have another question. There was like in the previous two or three years there's a major 
increase in cost people are rising the oil cost and everything. I wanted to know how much is 
the company able to pass on the cost to the customers? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
I'm sorry I'm not being able to hear you clearly.  
Moderator: 
Bhavesh,may I request to rejoin the queue again, please? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is on the line of Sahil Sharma from SS Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Sir, can you please explain the two segments once? Like what do we do under the infra-work 
segment and the transportation and handling segment? If I understand correctly, in infra-work, 
we are leasing out or renting out medium and heavy equipment like cranes. But the 
transportation and handling segment, it's not clear to me what business we do in that segment. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay, good afternoon. Thank you for the question. What we are doing in the two segments, 
one is the transportation and handling warehousing, where we are predominantly in the steel 
logistic works. We are working with companies, PSUs, Steel Authority of India Limited and 
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited. 
 
We manage their stockyard operations, what it entails is basically all the inward material, 
which is unloaded by our equipment and our team, stackedas per the guidelines of the client, 
and accordingly then it is dispatched onto trailers or other medium or other sources that are 
there for transportation, to be dispatched to the respective clients of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam 
Limited or Steel Authority of India Limited. 
 
We, at present, one of our major USPs is that we are handling the central dispatch yard of 
Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited which is at Vishakhapatnam. RINL is also known as Vizag 
Steel, commonly, if that is what you would be able to recollect the name from. So, their entire 
stockyard operations, the mother stockyard of the plant is handled by us wherein all the 
production of steel that happens in the plant is first brought by our equipment into the mother 
stockyard. 
 
From there, it is onward dispatched to the various destinations across the country as per the 
requirement of the Vizag steel management or the guidelines that are there. And then we are 
also doing transportation across the country of steel, be it steel or steel pipes or other steel 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
related itemsfor various destinations and with different clients. So that is a basic gist of what 
we do in our steel handling and warehousing segment. If that is what your question was, sir. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Yes, sir. And if I understand correctly, all the equipment and the trailers would be owned by us 
in this segment, right? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, yes, that is correct. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Okay, and I think in the FY22 annual report, we had said that there's an operating capacity of 6 
million tons, and we are like one of the largest steel material handling providers in the country. 
I've heard that just in the FY22 annual report. Can you give some kind of an update on like 
what's the current operating capacity for this sector? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We have enhanced the capacity to almost 10 million tons per annum. We've added equipment, 
be it trailers, cranes, and we recently also imported rubber tyre gantry cranes. We are the only 
private service provider in the country who has got self-owned rubber tyre gantry cranes. 
These are innovative cranes which increase the efficiency of steel handling within the 
stockyard premises, which leads to faster turnaround of the trailer so that more of the steel 
material can be dispatched and the trailer utilization can be increased. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Okay, so related to that, what is the capacity utilization in both the segments separately right 
now? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, currently if we look at the capacity utilization for our infra rentals and the infra works, we 
are at about 85%, 84% to 85% capacity utilization and on the front of the steel handling and 
logistics sector, we are doing, if you talk about the present quarter, are you talking about the 
current quarter, right? Yes. So the present quarter, that would be about 75%. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Got it. So in terms of the capex, you have written that we continue to do capex for growth. Can 
you just point out like how much capex you are planning to do in both the segments? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Capex is nothing per se  defined as capex plan. It is usually taken up by the company and the 
board's approval at the time of requirement based on our client's requirements when projects 
come up. And for the current year, as I said, we've already done capex in the previous quarter, 
wherein we've brought in cranes, the rubber-tyre gantry cranes, as I highlighted, for our steel 
handling operations. 
 
And there have been certain additions in the equipment rental space where we've brought in 
equipment that werenecessary for the execution of our project. So to give you an idea, in the 
first quarter, in the current year, we've already done a capex of INR25.4 crores. And going 
forward, if the need does arise and with the necessary board approvals, we would take up the 
capex if and when required. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Essentially, how I'm trying to understand is that from this 85% and 75%, could we go to like 
100%? Is that possible in our industry? And basically without capex we wouldn't be able to 
build, so that's the context. 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Right, so for the occupancy percentage to increase, what we are essentially looking at is when 
we talk about 84% to 85%, , there is a lot of time that goes in the transit of the equipment as 
well. So, the actual utilization of the equipment is 100% if you look at it in that sense, but 
because of the space and time that is wasted in their transit, that leads to the actual utilization 
converted in numbers about 84%-85%. 
 
The capacity utilization in our steel segment, the handling and transportation segment, that 
definitely depends on the demand in the industry, which is increases as I had earlier mentioned 
in the Q3 and Q4. So there we do see a chance of it improving but reaching 100% capacity 
utilization is definitely a difficult task if you look at it that way. 
Sahil Sharma: 
So in Steel Handling, probably we can get to 85% in Q3 and Q4. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Right, yes. That would be a good estimate. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Got it, sir. I was saying, if you look at our competitors, like some of the other companies that 
are in similar segments, like Sanghvi is another company, their operating margins are more 
like 60%, and our operating margins are like 33%. I was wondering what could explain the 
difference in these operating margins and also like if scale could have operating margin 
increase from here or would it remain around this 30%-33%? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay. So, to answer your first question, the operating margins for Sanghvi are predominantly 
different because they are only and only into the equipment rentals, as I understand, although I 
have not looked into their numbers. Whereas, if you look at our mix of services, it is a 
combination of three different services. One is the equipment rentals, which forms about 45% 
of the overall revenue, and then we’ve got warehousing and transportation, which is about 
45%-46%, and then we’ve got steel distribution which is about 9%. 
 
If you look at the mix for the last quarter or even for the previous financial year.So a mix of 
these are the operational output of those operational margin that you're looking at, that is 
where we are at 30%-33%.Going forward, we are targeting to maintain the margin in those 
range, but definitely we do not see a jump as you're talking about Sanghvi having a 60% to 
65% margin. That is a different, there is a single industry that you are looking at which will not 
match with the kind of mix that we have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sorry, interrupt you Sahil, I have requested you to join us again for a follow-up 
question. A request to all the participants, please restrict to two questions per participant and 
join back the queue for a follow-up question. Next question is from line of Sethuraman from 
Angeeras Securities. Please go ahead sir. 
Sethuraman: 
Good afternoon. I have two questions. One is your ROE. You know when you look into ROE, 
you know till March 20, it is fantastic. Then 21, 22, 23, slowly it is coming down, number one. 
Number two, your receivable base is also increasing. And the cash conversion cycle, that is 
also we can see from after March 20 is drastically down. Could you explain on it? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes good afternoon thank you sir for the question. So to answer the first one which is the 
ROE., the change that you have noticed is because in the 21 and 22, FY21-22 and FY2021, 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
there was definitely COVID that played a major role in the challenges that everybody faced 
and we were no stranger to it.  
So, that was the reason that for two consecutive years we had a challenge on the ROE front 
and as we have come out of the COVID era, if you would look at the March 23 numbers, the 
ROE levels are beginning to reach what we used to have in the pre-COVID era.  
On the second question that you've asked on the working capital days, it again is a reflection of 
the challenges faced during COVID where the receivables cycles were stretched beyond the 
norm in the industry which had led to a drastic change in our working capital and the funds 
from our clients got stuck because of projects getting stalled or because of certain disputes that 
had arisen during the COVID idling periods.  
And that has been, in the last two years, the company has been on a spree to also sort out 
differences and to write off debts, bad debts that it felt that could not be taken forward in that 
sense with a rider that any legal or other procedure that needs to be followed to recover those 
debts has already been put in place.  
If you would see the working capital days as in fact  improved when we look at March 23 
numbers where we have increased  and the working capital days have come to 132 days 
whereas they were almost about 180 days in the year prior to that.  
Even the cash conversion cycle has  improved by a straight -- it has come down 50% from 
almost 140 days to 75 days in March 23. So, the efforts are on. There is a very stringent, strict 
actions are being taken to ensure that these aspects where the company's cash flows remain 
intact they are being taken care of.  
Sethuraman: 
And second one is now the election is going to on the next year so how you feeling and facing 
it at the infrastructure side so how to take care of that kind of some kind of impact before or 
after that? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay thank you for the question again. So to answer that, if you would see when I talk about 
warehousing and transportation we are working with public sector undertakings who are the 
corporate entities and they have no direct impact of elections in a state or in the country. 
Historically, we've been working with them for the last 30 odd years.  
So, the receivable cycles with them are dependent on their own productions and sales, which 
are directly independent of the government activity because we are not being paid by the 
central government itself.  
On the infrastructure and the equipment rentals, there again we've got a good mix where we 
are working with clients in the infrastructure space as well as we've got clients that are 
working in the industrial expansion the refineries, in steel and cement plants. So to give you an 
idea there are the revenue from the rentals is spread about 35% in the infra and about 65% 
from the industrial plants.  

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Even in the infrastructure we are not working right now directly with the government where 
any state government project gets stalled because of the elections as you asked, that could 
impact our receivables. There might be a stretch on the companiesthat we are working with if 
at all there is any change of government for the infra projects, but it does not impact much on 
our receivables directly.  
Sethuraman: 
Thank you, sir, all the best. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Jitesh Parmar from Vanfin India Investments Ltd. Please go 
ahead.  
Jitesh Parmar: 
Thanks, thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, I 
have a question around the offerings. So, you mentioned you have 40% to 45% under 
warehousing, transport, 40% to 45% again, equipment, and remainder 9% around C. So what 
sort of margin do we see on these business verticals and where do you see the growth coming 
from? Is there a particular vertical that we want to focus on?  
And linked to that is, we plan to basically look into the EPC verticals. So, what sort of business 
we are looking at in the EPC verticals and what sort of business we would see in that say in the 
EPC contract, if we kind of get something in EPC area? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay, so thank you for the question again. On your first question we talked about margins in 
these specific segments. If you would look at our segmental results declared for the June 
quarter 23, I would see that the profit margins are very similar in both our segments. As such, 
we are looking at about 14.5% odd margin, as I see the numbers in both the segments.  
This is before tax and interest for each of these segments. And that is the kind of profit margins 
or the margins as you asked that we see continuing in that similar range. In the EPC works that 
we are looking at, EPC is where we are looking to  go for construction of buildings. There the 
margins will be dependent on, is hard to comment on it per se because it is project-to-project 
based but we would try and we would want the margins would remain in the similar range that 
we already are working/operating in our infra work or in the transportation and handling 
sectors.  
Jitesh Parmar: 
Okay sir and next question is what sort of growth do you see this year, are we going back to 
what we used to see pre-COVID okay in the range of 25% and up or are we going to follow 
the same growth trajectory as we have in the last two years, three years 15% to 20% and what 
sort of I mean which business vertical do you see as your growth you know vertical and where 
would you like to focus on for next three years?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay, so to answer your second question we are looking at the -- to just give you an idea 
although we are not looking at giving any forward-looking statements, but we would, the 
company would continue to strive for growth in the similar range that it is growing currently, 
and the growth is expected to come similarly from both the primary divisions, which is the 
infrawork and equipment rentals, as well as from our warehousing and transportation. I say so 
because of the capex that the company has done recently. It will come into effect 
predominantly bringing in more revenue for the Infra rentals and equipment rental sector in the 

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
coming year and we already have the work orders in hand as highlighted earlier for the 
warehousing and transportation to continue the growth as for the current trends.  
Jitesh Parmar: 
Yes, if I can squeeze in one last question. So you mentioned at the beginning that you might 
have an order book of around 100, 110. So, what would be the execution cycle like everything 
to be executed within this financial year as in FY’24?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes that is what the current order book is for execution up to FY’24. 
Jitesh Parmar: 
And we do you expect any more export order book to be executed?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We do tend to receive or because it is the transportation work orders, they come on, they are 
cyclic in nature and they come as per the quarterly requirements or as per other client 
requirements. So, there would be certain additions with those orders as well as in the 
equipment rentals. There are orders which come in for shorter periods, there are certain 
shutdowns that happen for steel plants/ refineries, which come up as and when the clients 
requirements come up. So, those changes  we definitely see coming up in the next two quarters 
which is specifically Q3 and Q4.  
Jitesh Parmar: 
And would that affect our borrowings for this particular financial year?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
No, the borrowings would only be affected in the sense when we plan for any capex, but that 
would be aligned with the payback that the company is already doing and so any borrowings 
that do come up, we would like to maintain the borrowings of the company in a similar level 
that they are currently. There doesn't seem to be any major addition planned for the current 
financial year.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Piyush Jain from NX Wealth Management 
Services IFSC LLP. Please go ahead.  
Piyush Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to know this crane leasing business, this is for 
transportation in handling segment B or Infra of segment A?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Sir, it is for Infra works segment A.  
Piyush Jain: 
Okay, so as we discussed earlier also Sahil had asked Sanghvi is doing 60% nominal you said 
you have a mix of business where the margin is mended, but still if we see a crane business 
itself, a crane business itself can only earn 14%, 15% type of EBIT. So, is it in the, this range 
only will remain or is it something in the downside where you see this margin will go upside. 
With this crane hiring business 14%, 15% margin, I'm not able to understand? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
No, so what I mentioned as 14% is the net profit after expenses, but before taxes, before 
interest and tax. So, it is not the EBITDA that you are looking at of 60% of Sangvi. It is not 
comparable to that. But in our equipment rentals, it is not only equipment rentals, it is a 
combination of equipment rentals and other works that we do, which is like in the piling 
works, we are doing piling on contractual basis or if there is any activity where the crane is 
deployed along with other services. So, it is not out and out equipment rentals only.  

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Piyush Jain: 
So what would be our EBITDA on this crane rental business? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So if we were to single out the crane equipment rental business that would be very similar to 
the industry standard which is about 50% to 60%. It ranges from 50% to 60% based on 
equipment-to-equipment and client-to-client.  
Piyush Jain: 
Okay, and whatever the capex largely we have been doing this crane rental business only, 
correct?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, of the INR25 crores are predominantly the capex is for the crane equipment rental.  
Piyush Jain: 
So this crane rental leading business, right now this on what type of contract that has been used 
or some contract something or which has been deployed for a long-term contract or which 
client, can you share some information on it?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Sir, I'm sorry, I will not be able to give you details because of those being internal information 
for the company's own... 
Piyush Jain: 
 What type of nature of contract, let's say, a visibility of one year, two year contract already 
being given? 
Himanshu Aggarwal; 
Usually, so usually the visibility is six months to one year, and those are the contracts that we 
target, and when we choose also the kind of client and the contracts we are working with, we 
are looking at the specific factor when we decide to take an order that the visibility should be 
there. If the order is given for six months, the visibility for about a year should at least be there 
when deciding on the orders.  
Piyush Jain: 
And currently we are given the number of INR110 crores order book out of this how much is 
from crane business?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We are looking about 50 odd crores is from the crane business. 
Piyush Jain: 
So, this is our complete order book INR110 crores correct?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, yes which is to be executed in the current financial year. 
Piyush Jain: 
And the crane business around INR50 odd crores order book, correct?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhruv Bajaj from Smart Sync Services. Please go 
ahead.  
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations for an amazing set of results and thanks for keeping this 
concall. I believe this is your first concall. So it's very helpful to know more about the 
business. So coming to the question, firstly I would like to know the contribution from 
different industries to our overall current revenue pile. Like if I understand correctly we are not 
catering to the wind sector. Is my understanding correct?  

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, that is correct. We are not currently catering to the wind sector.  
Dhruv Bajaj: 
So, do we have any plans to cater to that segment see our competitor that is Sanghvi Movers 
derives close to 50% of their revenues from that segment and due to the government push, do 
we believe that he has a chance to get through that industry? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
That is more of a strategy question which again is an internal decision, but at present we are 
not in this wind sector because we have a different mix of equipment and our focus is 
elsewhere. In the future, if our board does believe that it is – it will be beneficial for the 
company to be in that segment and to also pursue any projects in that sector, we will definitely 
take it up. But at present, we are not there.  
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Sure sir. Okay. And my second question is regarding the arbitration case that we got from 
RINL. So, I believe that it is one of our major customers. So, can you please explain what type 
of impact that it can have towards the relationship with that customer?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you for that question. With regards to the arbitration case with RINL, either it being a 
contractual arbitration, so there is no personal or professional relationship that gets impacted in 
any contract that we have with our client. We both are bound by our obligations and those are 
bound by contract for both the organizations.  
So, any contractual award or any contractual, any arbitration contract that goes into arbitration 
is totally gone on the merits of the case forboth the parties.We've been working with them for 
almost 20 years now and there have been multiple arbitration cases, but again and again we've 
had contracts, new contracts with them. We are, as I said earlier, we're handling the mother 
stockyard of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited, which also we won through a contract.  
So, the arbitrations,  have not had a business relationship impact, if that is what you are trying 
to say. On the other side, if you would look at it, we have been appreciated over the last few 
years by the RINL management for the various activities, the various output that we have 
given, the efficiency that we've brought about and this is their first ever central dispatch 
stockyard. So, that contract also the company took and it has been performing exceedingly 
well there as per the feedback of the RINL management itself.  
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Got it sir. That was very helpful. Thank you for the amazing set of results and we are looking 
forward toward new interactions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is on the line of Ashok Balakrishnan from Mact. Please go ahead.  
Ashok Balakrishnan: 
Yes, you have any plans to go to main board from SME?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you for the question, sir. We are already in the process of migration. Our NSE in 
principle approval was received in March 23, whereas the BSE in principle approval is 
pending. The process is currently going on and we anticipate that we should be there on the 
main board for both BSE and NSE very soon. Thank you very much.  
Ashok Balakrishnan: 
Thank you.  

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahil Dasani from Smart Sync Services. Please 
go ahead.  
Rahil Dasani: 
So, I wanted to get a bit a bit of clarity on the order book. The 5 to 7 year contract and the 
[inaudible 0:40:32] segment. So are the contracts volume based or value based? How will the 
steel prices impact me? What happens if the small steel price [inaudible 0:40:41] 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay. So, thank you for the question sir. To answer that, the contracts are totally volume 
based. It is the contracts are per metric ton of steel for different activities that we have to do 
like unloading is one activity, loading is one activity, stacking is one activity. So, on those 
basis the per metric ton as defined in the contract is what our pricing terms are with our client 
and are our contract is irrespective of the any changes in the steel prices in the market is if it is 
what you're trying to ask.  
Rahil Dasani: 
Okay so completely fit, there are no option for aggregation or something coming down? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
There is an escalation clause for diesel and manpower as per the contractual terms.  
Rahil Dasani: 
My second question is as we said few of the attention in almost all the crane projects. So do 
you get 100% of the projects and what's your right to win the orders against your peers? Any 
special benefits or services like lower cost or something like that? You provide to your -- 
compared to your peers?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
I didn't get the first part of the question, sir. You were not that audible.  
Rahil Dasani: 
Okay, I'll repeat. So, as you have said that you were in almost all the crane projects you are 
participating, your company's participating. So, do you get the 100% of the contracts or do you 
get a part of the contract which your company supply? Secondly, what's your right to win those 
orders against your competitors? Do you provide any special benefits or services by cost 
advantage? And lastly, are there any pricing costs for your customers?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay, so what I understand is you're trying to ask about our metro rail contracts. Okay, so in 
metros we are working primarily with our equipment rental division. The reason why we've 
been present in these throughout the various cities is because if you would see a lot of the 
companies who do, let's say, was doing Mumbai Metro is also doing Delhi Metro is also doing 
the Indore Metro or might also be doing the Nagpur Metro. So, one is because of our very 
good network with our client which gives us the opportunity to work with them at multiple 
places, at multiple locations across the country.  
On the advantage side, our equipment is primarily young, which is less than five years old, 
which is a big advantage for the customer because it leads to much lower breakdowns at the 
site. So, the construction can go on at the speed that the client requires. The costing part, we 
are very competitive when it comes to our peers, but at the same time, we have to ensure that 
our desired rentals are not impacted, so we do not undercut the rentals in a way that we can 
just get into a project.  

 
 
Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions Limited
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
We make sure that as long as it is matching with our desired results, we only enter those 
projects and it has been because of that reason that we maintain our equipment well. We've got 
a large network where we are present in different states. So, it gives that ease and comfort to 
our client that we can handle the machinery at the local level rather than having to move spare 
parts from various locations across the country. So that gives that advantage to us to get orders 
from our client for specifically the Metro Rail products.  
Rahil Dasani: 
And do you get the 100% of the contract or is it divided between two, three players and 
vendors?  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
It is definitely divided. We try to have maximum allocation of equipment to us at a certain 
place to bring down the administrative cost, which advantage is definitely passed on to the 
client, where if there is a bulk order, they do get a price advantage as well.  
Rahil Dasani: 
Thank you very much.  
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Astha Jain for closing comments.  
Astha Jain: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hem Securitiesy Limited, I thank Tara Chand Infralogistic Solutions 
Limited team for giving their time and replying all the queries in the detailed way. I would also 
like to thank all the participants for joining this call. Now, I would like to hand over the call to 
Neerav.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hem Securities that concludes this conference, thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your line. Thank you.  
