Ni'IT
16m August,2023
II-II tndustries Limited
Coroorate Office
I
Plot No.-tND-5, Sector_1
Easl Calcutta Township.Kolk ata-7 0O 1 07
Telephone : (91) (33) 3gB4g47St9S24
Fax : (9't) (3s) 39849676
Web : www.ifbindustries.corn
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd,
Phiroze feejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001
The Manager
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No-C/L, G Block, 
,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai -400051
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Ltd
7 Lyons Range
Kolkata-700001
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 pursuant to
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Iiegulations,
201s.
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 for your
information and records.
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.ifbindustries.com
Yours faithfully
For IFB Industries Ltd.
Ritesh Agarwal
Company Secretary
Registered office 14 Taratolla Road, Kolkata - 700 088, lndia, Tel: (91) (33) 3048 9299/92.t8, Fax:(91)(33) 24o14stgt3o48923o
E-mail . reply@ifbgtobat.com, CtN : L51109WB1974pLC0196gz
RITESH 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by RITESH AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, st=West Bengal, 
2.5.4.20=5a920ff0946aaf6412725ab05f18d6f29eab70
967dedf790497ca46c5cec9693, postalCode=700026, 
street=51B KALI TEMPLE ROAD KALIGHAT, 
pseudonym=d59dd7db73023b349bb08745443b749
1, 
serialNumber=8a86ff8e60b669ceeb51cbc72e765649
889bc3f0cdc902379eb74456df1f6a44, o=Personal, 
cn=RITESH AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.08.16 18:50:57 +05'30'


nilll
lndustries Llmited
"IFB Industries Limited
Ql FY2024 Results Conference Call"
August 10,2023
ITIl
@
gt'
lndustri*s Limit*d
ANalvsr:
MaNacnMENT:
NIRMAL BANC
Mn. PRasnnnr, GaNunr - NrRvrar, BaNc Equrrrns
PRrvarn Lwrrrnu
Mn. PRanrn CuaTTBRJEE - DrnncroR & CHrnr
FrnaNcrnr, OnnrcER - IFB lNuusrRrEs Lwrrrou
Mn. Ra"rsHnuKAR Rly 
MaxacrNc Dnncron &
Cnrnr Exncurrvn Orrrcnn (Houn Appr,llNcns
DrvrsroN) - IFB Innusrnrns Lwrrrnu
MR. ARUp Dns - Hna.n (MamurrNc & ENcTNEERTNG
DrvrsroN) - IFB INnusrRrcs Lrvrrrnu
Mn ANaNn Rrouy - Cnrnr Exncurrvn Orrrcnn -
MoroR Drvrsrox - IFB Inousrnrns Lwrlrnu
Mn. BxRAMJTT Nac - JorNr Expcurrvn CnarnvraN &
MaNncrxc DrnncroR - IFB llvousrnrns Lrvrrrnn
Page 1 of19

ITIr
lndustries Limited
Moderator:
Prasheel Gandhi
Prabir Chatterjee:
Moderator:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the IFB Industries Limited's Ql FY2024
h,amings Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a reminder,
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr.
fl-^-^r- 
-.^-- ^-l 
^--^- 4^ -,^., o:-l
rrasllceltjalrulllllulll 1\llilrarbail8rjqurtlEs. rtrall\)uudruuvvl 
ruJUUrrrI
Thank you Lizaan and good evening everyone. Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities welcomes
you all to lQ FY2024 Earnings Conference Call for IFB Industries. On the onset of call, I
would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host the caii. The
management team here today is represented by Mr. Prabir Chatterjee, Director and CFO; Mr.
Rajshankar Ray, MD and CEO, Home Appliance Division; Mr. Arup Das, Head of Marketing
and Errgineerilg Divisiul; altl Mr. Auaud Reddy, CEO of Motor Division. I now hand ovcr
the call to management for opening remarks post which we can take questions from
participants. Thank you and over to you Sir!
Thank you Prasheel. Good evening everyone. I welcome you all for IFB Industries investors
call for the First Quarter FY2024. Joining with me today are Mr' Rajshankar Ray, MD &
CEO of Home Appliances Division; Mr. Arup Das, Head of Marketing and Engineering
Division; Mr. Anand Reddy, CEO of Motor Division. Now I will give you a brief overview
of the company's performance during the hrst quarter FY2O24. Growth during this quarter is
marginally higher than last year, but below expectation. Low revenue growth is mainly in
appliance division; however, engineering division made single digit growth. The company
has reported a total income of Rs.l63 Crores compared to 149 Crores during the same quarter
last year. During the first quarter EBITDA was 40.65 Crores compared to 38.4 Crores for the
same period last year. Despite improved gross margins, and marginal growth in revenues
gross margin improvement is mainly because of the reduction in material cost and better
model mix. However, increase in gross margin was to a large extent was offset by higher
operating expenses and staffcost. Increase in operating expenses was mainly in the area of
sales promotion expenses, traveling and other expense. With this I will request you to start
the question-and-answer session.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with the question-and-answer sessron.
The first question is from the line ofAviral Jain from SG India. Please go ahead.
I have three lines of questions basically one is and we have been asking this question for the
past few quarters I just wanted to understand basis the current or the realized sales ofACs in
Aviral Jain:
Page 2 of l9

IIFII
lndustries Limited
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
the last quarter, what is the gross margin and EBITDA margin differential between AC sales
and rest ofthe home appliances division as a whole and the second question I have is ifyou
can give the breakup of AC sales by value between contract manufacture, third party brand
sales and own brand sales for the quarter?
In terms of the gross margin strucfure on the air conditioner if we look at the Ql then with
respect to the company.it is lower and we do not specifically give figures in terms of product
category figures, but just to give you an idea if the company level gross margins are X then
the air conditioner gross margin would probably be around 30%oto 40Y' lower as on date.
As a company as a whole this includes the engineering division as well?
No, I am only talking home appliances. Now in terms of the work that is being done to fix
this the work is essentially led by a material cost reduction program and ifyou see in Q I there
has been an improvement in the material cost percentage, which you will see in the results
and the second part of this program is going to end in November this year. So in terms of the
gross margin structue on the air conditioner coming closer to the overall company average
we will get close to that in Q4 of this year so that was the first question you asked. You also
asked about the differential between the gross margin and the EBITDA level. The EBITDA
is essentially the overhead distributed across product categories. So I think what is more
meaningful for us in terms ofthe profitability issues getting addressed is being able to address
this gross margin of the air conditioner. The two questions you asked is breakup by volumes
that I think Mr. Chatterjee can give it to you separately in terms of the breakup between the
OEM and the brand, etc., and you said that there were three questions, so what would be the
third question.
Third basically it is being reported the PBT loss for the AC division is being reported now if
you couldjust help us understand what is the quarterly interest and depreciation attributed
only for the AC business then we can work backwards from our numbers, in our view gain I
would just let, if you can just give us those two numbers on a quarterly basis only attributed
to the AC division?
Prabir Chatterjee: 
I will give it to you separately
Rajshankar Ray: 
Mr. Jain, does that answer your question please?
Partially yes, partially no, in fact we will get in touch with Mr. Chatterjee, and second thing
there is some sales or some mention about the refrigerator sales so have the commercial
Aviral Jain
Page 3 of 19

IIilIl
lndustries Limited
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray
Aviral Jain
Moderator:
Vivek Kumar:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
understanding been arrived at with IFB refrigeration between transfer pricing or sales
booking, so what is the commercial arrangement?
That is under discussion in terms of the OEM arrangement between IFB Refrigeration
Limited and IFB Industries Limited it will be completed within this quarter. So I think in the
next investor call we should be able to give you a very clear picture in terms of the buying
-^l^+:^--L:-
r vr4rrurrilrrP.
What I am gathering from your words, so IFB Refrigeration would be sort of OE
manufacturer for IFB Industries, is that how it is being envisaged?
Yes, that is what is under discussion. I think it is best to treat this subject comprehensively
once everything is fully signed off and then to formally make a presentation to everybody.
So I think ua rvill do that once this quarter is over Thnse discrrssions are ongoing hasically.
Sure. Thank you so much.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Kumar from Best Pals Advisory LLP
Please go ahead.
Thanks for the opportunity. I am new to the company in the sense I have just started following
recently in the last one month, so my doubt is regarding the home appliances division. General
understanding of how management of the promoter things before entering any news evelrl
because I see you are leaders in front load, you have a good market share in microwave oven
aud yuu aru iutrutluuing ncw playcr', whcrcvct'you havc gaps you arc introducing and filling
it up, so how do you think about getting into 'A' series where there are always too many
players and then also refrigeration, see I am not saying you should not or you should but what
is the thinking that goes behind and what are the strengths of the DNA of the company that
you think that is giving us the confidence to put in capex, do some kind of backward
integration, and represent across channels, so you keep on writing in your annual report that
boss we are not getting the sales, we want from this but we want to extract more from the
channel, so what is the comment in terms of the DNA of the company that is giving you
confidence that we can enter refrigeration also, ACs also, when there are already so many
players, when I say confidence in terms of making good ROCE in the long run I am not
talking about one to three years, but Ijust wanted to understand how IFB thinks in terms of
selecting and introducing new categories especially when this market is like modular kitchens
you are doing, so many people are doing, going on there so how to understand and appreciate
what you are doing and comprehend what you are what you are trying to create for the future
so if I can make myself clear?
Page 4 of 19

rFH
lndustries Limited
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
Yes, I have understood your question, and I will try and answer this. It is a very interesting
question you have asked. Now, if you look at it from the management point of view or the
Board point ofview as far as the appliances sector is concemed it rests on three pillars. One
is what you would call as laundry washing, the second is what you would call as cooking,
and the third is what you would call as cooling. So, whether India or globally the entire sector
actually rests on these three verticals. So, laundry is the washing machines, the dryers either
front loads or the top loads and the cooking is products like microwaves, hobs, chimneys,
built-in ovens, you would also add a dishwasher either into washing or in cooking depending
upon how you classifr it and cooling is the Air Conditioner and the Refrigerator. Now I am
glad you asked this point about the long-term angle in this, but if you look at the dominant
players in this sector, which are primarily the two Korean companies and all the three verticals
and IFB's intent is to also basically be significantly and strongly present in all the three. Now
you asked about this question of DNA, so under washing IFB has a DNA and we have
strength there both in terms of product configuration and on legacy and the brand power. We
are also very strong in cooking, we go head-to-head with the two Korean companies in the
markets in which we compete, and the cooling segment was one that was essentially very
weak. So, air conditioners now will be manufacturing from 2020,but we are ourselves very
unhappy with the kind of progress we have made, and it remains a weak vertical to be fixed,
and refrigerator sort of completes the story in terms of the market presence. Now why the
three verticals are important is that ifyou look at the physical attribute, which is the store and
you see a salesperson who enters that store to extract business from that store. Then that story
is actually displaying products in washing, displaying products in cooking, and displaying
products in cooling, and unless you are able to span all three effectively you lose something
in terms of the market placement power and what we see happening in the short-term is that
this channel presence that we have written about in previous reports, which we have expanded
over the last 2-3 years, we still think that we have not got the extraction that we want from
this. The channel itself is significantly increased when we ramp up, you see the way we should
be doing and with the introduction of the refrigerators, and the placement of those products
actually helps the pool ofthe other products. So for example ifyou have a counter, which has
air conditioners and refrigerators placed, then the next product that goes into that is a top
loader or a microwave followed them by dishwasher or a front-loading washing machine. So,
over the long-term the IFB presence in all the three is something that the management and
the Board feels is very important in terms of equal strength in all the three verticals, and for
IFB specifically across these three verticals we also have a horizontal line, which is our
service. So that is another area to be strengthened in the company in terms ofthe service
connect with consumers and the related revenue opportunity that comes from all the three
verticals whether it is washing, whether it is cooking or whether it is cooling. Have I been
able to answer your questions?
Page 5 of 19

rli'n
lndustries Lirnited
Vivek Kumar:
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10, 2023
IfI can askjust a follow on like let us take the cooling,just for my understanding I am not
trying to take the weak point, just to probe, butjust for my deeper understanding ifyou take
AC and you have entered it, so in the long run what is giving you the confidence that we will
have a reason, I am not saying you become the leader but reasonable retum from these and
reasonable market share because by presenting it because there axe many people doing this
so that is where the doubt is coming, I agree that you want to be everywhere, but there are
ar-i--- 
---l 
---. 
^-l-- 
l^,.La 
:^ ,-.L^1 
:^ -:,,:-^ 
-,^,,
collrpallles wlto afg spculattzllt8, lll ulrE slilt,rE [r[lt dlu ru] urrrJ uuuur rr vrrror rr tsrvur6 JUU
the confidence in next ?, 8, 9 years that you have a reasonable market share in ACs or
refricerqtinn whrt ere the slrenofhs lhnt vorr have hecarrse I see too manv neonle there that is
the confusion I think ifyou can address?
I will tell you; the confidence can come from three areas. One is we are confident because we
have done it, and we are able to tell you that we have done it. I think that is the simplest thing
that we can tlo, whiuh unfurtulatcly wc luvc uot bccu ablc to dclivcr and wc havc discusscd
this in previous call as well. So our confidence going forward currently is coming from
another set ofthree points. One is do we have a product that is good and is it better than most.
So the answer to that we believe is a yes, and whatever presence we have in the market today
and the customer feedback or the channel feedback that we have tells us that yes we have a
good product, so our confidence for the future comes from this first point. The second point
is that we have the gross margin prohle and the material cost profile of the product, right,
because you have a good product, you need the right material cost before you actually reach
the market. Now this is an area where we have failed till last year because our material costs
are high when we benchmarked it to the market, we have made 50% progress in this quarter
and we are fully confident of achieving the right material cost profile by the end of Q3 for
full impacting Q4. So the second area of confidence is the material cost profile for the product
that we want to make and the third comes from being able to get it right in the market, which
is in terms of placement, having the people who can run this thing and properly ensuring that
we are able to get extraction from the corinter once we have placed. Third area is the area
where we have not been able to deliver what we have ourselves wanted and we have also not
delivered things that we have been discussing during call. Now this is the area that we have
to fix, but this point needs to be fixed notjust for AC but it also needs to be fixed for the other
products that IFB service, and this is related to people and getting processes right and our
entire attention from the senior team today is on getting this third angle fixed. I hope I have
been able to explain to you where our confltdence comes from.
Yes, I got it, Sir, but are you targeting any market share in each ofthese products or no you
just take care of the products quality and you just be present in the channel and I am not
Vivek Kumar:
Page 6 of 19

IIilIl
lndustries l-irnited
Rajshankar Ray:
Vivek Kumar:
Rajshankar Ray
Vivek Kumar:
Moderator:
Madhur Rathi:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
saying assume, but you wish that this will tum into some market share in the long run so did
I understand it right or I will not understand?
No, we know that for a sustainable play in air conditioners we need to be l0% plus of the
market and that is the figure that we are working with. So it is not like, we will just take
whatever comes, we need to be at 10o/o plus to have a meaningful footprint.
So that is where my question was coming, but how are you confident that you will reach there
because of the competition so I think you are saying this costing, dishibution, and maxketing
Also since you have asked this so specifically ifwe look around India and you look at places
where we got our sales management right, we have got our network addressability and
connect right. Actually today IFB is logging market share in excess of l0%o, so at all India
level today there is a lot of work we need to do, but in the pockets where our sales team has
been right, we have got our proc€sses right, we have actually got the share and hence our
commitment intemally as well that we need to make this product category a success because
it is very helpful in terms ofgross margin overhead absorption and also in helping in general
network reach to improve.
I think I will join back in the queue. Thank you very much for detailed answers
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter-Cyclical
Investments. Please go ahead.
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions what will be your current capacity
utilization and what kind of revenue can we generate at full capacity utilization in both
divisions, the home appliances as well as the fine region division and going forward what
kind of steady state operating margin that we can expect once since Q3 things are moving in
our direction in the refrigeration as you said so if you could answer these I will ask my other
questions afterwards?
Prabir Chatterjee: 
Can you repeat the question please?
Madhur Rathi
Yes Sir. What will be our current capacity utilization in both our divisions and what will be
the revenue that we can expect at full capacity utilization in these divisions, and what will be
the steady state operating margin that we can maintain once since Q3 our refrigeration unit
kicks in full?
Page 7 of 19

ITIr
lndustries Limited
Prabir Chatterjee:
Madhur Rathi:
Raishankar Ray:
Madhur Rathi:
Rajshankar Ray:
Madhur Rathi
Moderator:
Narendra Shah
Prabir Chatterjee:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10, 2023
Washing machine capacity utilization is around 85% to 90o/o, AC capacity utilization is
slightly lower now, engineering division capacity utilization is around 90 plus, revenue will
increase with better capacity utilization & you are aware that we do not give any revenue
guidance.
Just wanted to understand the rationale behind buying only 44o/o in IFB Refrigeration and are
+L^-^ ^--, -l^-- 
+^ +-l-- +L:- f,,*L-- -L-"lt
lrrvrv urJ PldlJ rw
In terms of the holding structure in IFB Refrigeration Limited this question that you were
seeking I think it would right ifthis is addressed as a part ofthe overall discussion on the
refrigerator business including the question which was asked earlier so ii ii is okay with you
ifthis is done comprehensively in the next investor call would that be okay because then not
just this point the other points could also be discussed.
Yes, sir, that is okay and just one final question. When I look at the trade schemes and
discount for FY2023 versus FY2022 it has gone up materially so are we giving out more
discounts and offerings or can you help me understand this so that would be very helpful?
There has been no change in the discount structure as far as the market is concemed. The
figure that you see at the overall company level is a blended figure that is coming from
discount shucfures on air conditioners, microwave, and washers, all put together. So if the
AC sales rise like we did the last year then the air conditioners are at a higher discount
structure. So the company's overall percentage increases, but on a given product category or
for a particular channel that there has been no change as far as the discount structure is
concerned.
Thank you Sir. That was very helpful and all the best.
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofNarendra Shah from Robo Capital. Please
go ahead.
Thanks for the opportunity. I was asking about the margin. So are we working on improving
our margin or are we happy with the current level if you can throw some light on that?
We are not at all happy with the current margin. The areas to improve margin, one is
increasing the revenue, second is we are also taking a number of steps in terms of material
cost reduction, reduction ofother fixed expenses to improve the margin.
Page 8 of 19

ru.n
lndustries l-lmited
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
I am sorry I am just intemrpting. There was a number in Singapore that was being connected
could you please connect that once again please?
Bikramjit Nag:
Mr. Ray can you hear me now
Rajshankar Ray
Yes, we can hear you.
Bikramjit Nag:
Rajshankar Ray: 
Yes, December
Bikramjit Nag:
I have gone through the conference call minutes for the last few quarters and I am very well
aware of the fact that we have not delivered on what we have said especially in air
conditioners and I have had a clear chat with the management which is Mr. Ray, Mr.
Chatterjee and others and a lot of work is being done to put things right. However it is taking
a lot of time because state-by-state when we are going to restrucfure sales team wherever
required that is really taking much, much longer than I would have liked it. There is no excuse
for this, but that is what is happening and I think a significant portion of the sales structure
has to be changed, which Mr. Ray is doing. Mr. Ray and Raj are doing this it is just taking
longer than what we thought it would take us. I missed the part of the thing, but the question
is on AC is absolutely valid. There was no reason to get into this and then having the issue
that we have had. Having said that the product has been received well, which is the most
important thing, but if you have a very good protect then you cannot sell it, then that is
absolute disaster. So this is being put right state-by-state and unfortunately in some of the
states we really had an issue with people understanding distribution requirements and we are
certain before the season starts again, which is normally in AC I think. Mr. Ray, the dealer
start picking up stock by December, January, right, January I think.
So that I think issues will be fixed. More importantly the material cost exceptional which has
an impact on pricing will also be fixed. We have this review every Saturday moming I
attended the review and huge amount ofwork has been done and I think the effect ofthat will
be very, very visible. To a question I heard on refrigerator the last speaker was talking about
it regarding why did we buy 44%o and, all of that and I think the major reason there was
strategically IFB Industries should not get into it from the point ofview oftaking debt on its
balance sheet and hence we derisk that part and I think the rest have started being accepted
well, it is just started I think two, two-and-a-half months back it just started now we are doing
about. . . Mr. Ray how much you are looking, you take about I 100 a day.
Rajshankar Ray
Yes.
Page 9 of 19

rlilll
Moderator:
*ndustries Limited
IFB Industries Limited
August 10, 2023
Bikramjit Nag
About 1100 a day and I think it will be ramped up. Regarding the point on capacity utilization
I think air conditioners by the fourth quarter I think should be fully utilized, I thiil. on India
this is fuliy utilized. Mr. Ray if I am wrong anyway you please come again and regarding Mr.
Chatterjee's point on washer it is not fully accurate of the point of view. We are still working
one single sift, so we have a lot more we can do, we have put in the decision to do, to look at
exports, etc., including OEM, etc., and we will see how to increase capacity utilization we
,--:rr r-- -.^-r-,,-.:.L +l-:^ :- +L^ -^-.+ f^.,. *^-+L^ 
I L^.,^ -:.,^- ^l^^-:--+-,,^+:^- 
+L^+ ^--^^il,
wrll ug tEduJ/ wllll Llus ltl Llt! rl!^t 1!w llrulrlltr. r rr4vv tsrv!r! !r!d 
rlriuulrrurr.r^sr 
vuPolrlj
must be fully utitized and that is where overall cost will fall and we become much higher and
fhat is all that I annreciate. Rest Mr. Rav can vou catw on Please.
Rajshankar Ray: 
Yes please. You can go back to the question sequence please
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Kumar from Best Pals Advisory LLP
Ploase go ahead.
Vivek Kumar:
Thanks for giving opportunity. Sir this is continuation of my previous question I did not want
to take time so I will just put in that. Sir you told that you wanted to be, there are two Korean
players Samsung and LG I am not asking to name them but given their share and given their
number of years of experience how do you normally think about when you take on these
people because the competitive intensity is also very high and when you get into retiigeration,
when you get into ACs, so this is the way I am coming from that and my first question was
related to this when we see these two players being across the segments and you are also
trying to take on these big guys when I say take on I am not saying you will destroy them but
get market share where these guys have inherent strength or age old strength, how do you go
ahead and be there and get your share of market in the long run because the competitive
intensity in so high in each area ofyour home appliances division?
Rajshankar Ray:
Thcrc is no perfect answer to this, but the way we look at it is that we like to do our own thing
which is in terms of our product, which is true to the IFB product deals that customers have
our position and our customer connect and our effort in the field. So I do not think it is in our
mind so much on IFB versus on LG or Samsung but it is more about IFB and what potential
it can realize for itself. I would assume that if you were to scan the market and visit some
stores you would see that there is a distinct customer base for IFB given our repetition for
product quality and our presence in India over many years and we want to leverage that
strength. We do not per se in our discussions think so much of $owth in terms of taking
somebody else's growth to grow ourselves it is not about realizing what market potential
exists for the company. I hope I have been able to answer your questions.
Page 10 of 19

ITH
lndustriEs Limited
Rajshankar Ray
Vivek Kumar:
Rajshankar Ray: 
I think so, yes.
Vivek Kumar:
Moderator:
Manoj Gori:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
I think for us, LG, Samsung is actually two very, very inspiring stories because you look at
these companies you see what they come out with so fast, you see how this channel the
market. You see their desigring, competence, etc., etc., vis-d-vis the Europeans, and I think
you should leam from them and hence we took the decision to bring in Koreans into our
company and it is very difficult to be competing with them, but I think they have too very,
very inspiring stories to learn from and this is what I tell my team day in and day out you do
the best that you can. The problem today that we are facing is in many markets or segments
we are not doing the best that we can and that is where we are favorite; I do not think we are
failing on the product side per se. I think in certain cases we failed in bringing out products
fast enough and hence Mr. Ray has rejigged our entire project management team, etc. I think
these are things that we need to grapple with, but I think the market is big enough for everyone
to be doing well and for us to be doing well and I think we started getting market share back
in ourselves and we have a clear strategy to get back to a significant market share lead over
others and I think you will see that by Q4.
So you are saying there is enough market and there are things that we can do to improve
ourselves and not maybe like them but though near them and some areas be better than them
and the market is large enough for us to have our share ofmarket right can I take it like that?
Thank you Sir. Thank you very much for answering.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities. Please
go ahead.
Thank you for the opportunity and thanks to BikramJi for sharing his views on this call. My
question first would be if you look at the home appliances over last three, four years we will
definitely be in off track with regards to growth historically when we look at we have
consistently delivered l57o kind of CAGR growth in the home appliances, but over last three,
four years we have somehow missed that part and probably whatever growth we have seen
in last couple ofyears has been largely because ofthe room AC side and probably some
contribution would have been from the price hikes as well so can you throw some light like
what are we seeing here because in terms of product position and everything we are well
placed?
Manoj the answer to that is that we should have grown much more than what we have grown
and we havejust not done a good enoughjob as far as extraction is concemed and growth
can come from two ways, it can come from increasing extraction from the same counter and
Rajshankar Ray:
Page ll of 19

IIilIl
lndustries Lirnited
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
it can come byjust increasing the reach and therefore getting more growth, and the reason
why over the last 2-3 years we have not got the growth that we should get because we need
to do a much better job as far as market extraction is concemed in terms of reach and this is
the point that Mr. Nag is also making in terms of we giving the sales approach ensuring that
we have people who understand distribution better, those are the areas where a lot ofwork is
being done now to ensure that those type of growth percentage is come back. Your point is
right and rhere is no expialaiiorr icrr ii oiircr iirarr lire iaut'tira'L we sirorrid iiave ,ioire a mucli
betterjob.
Mr. Ray can you please explain regarding our data which talks about counters where we have
CSRs and counters where we do not have CSRs and how the thing works?
Yes, if you recall in one of the earlier investor calls we have spoken about this menu in
countcrs, which thc industry calls as in-shop dcmonstrators ond our torminologl ir oounter
sales representatives and our data shows that currently we are about 30%o, 35o/, odd of
counters which would be typically the large counters, which could be the chain stores or a
modern retail formats where we are currently not placed people and therefore we lose sales
there, but where IFB is placed and we have a person basically representing the product and
delivering it to consumers our shares within the counter has significantly raised, so one ofthe
key agenda that we set for ourselves is by end of September or probably October to ensure
that each ofthese gaps are breached and that itselfifyou do the math is pretty good growth.
But this do not have any incremental impact on the employee cost, right?
No it does not because the counter sales representative has a salary cost yes, but they also
operate on a variable one based on the sales, in terms of per unit cost acfually it is not much,
so as long as we get the sales.
Ifyou take a person in a counter and the person does not sell the amount you should sell.
Then it is an added cost, we have to get the productivity and then that cost is very good cost
for the company, but the sales opportunity is far in excess ofthe cost basically.
So probably this is one area like placing our employees or promoters on the counters would
be link better sales can you throw some light in a detailed manner probably what are the
efforts we are taking to improve the gross margin because off late I would like to appreciate
that during AGM and even today we have emphasized and even in the previous concall we
have emphasized the lot on margin improvement so we have identified the areas can you
throw some light like what was the measures that we would be taking to improve that?
Page 12 of 19

rFrr
Rajshankar Ray: 
Yes, we are committed to that and that for us I think is 80% of our priorify
Manoj Gori:
lndustrles Limited
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10, 2023
There are two specific measures and we have committed this intemally to the Board and it is
also shared for example product platforms at the AGM and the two specific measures for the
gross margin improvement or a) the material cost and some part of that we have already
shown in Ql but there is significantly higher percentage which will be completed by end of
Q3 we are fully committed to this and the third which is more specific to IFB Appliances for
us is a reduction in the fixed cost and we have set a target for that and that is also being
reviewed at Mr. Nag and the Board's level and that is something that we have to complete by
Q3. So the impact of both will begin to serve from Q3 and tull realization in Q4 and that will
keep this gross margin percentage that we were talking about.
So probably now from a trend point of view from Q4 onwards on a sequential basis or
probably at least in the directional manner we should see improvement in margin gradual
from Q4 onwards?
Lastly on the capacity utilization so if I am not wrong Prabir Sir just shared that you are
operating at 80%o,85% for washing machines is that correct?
It is actually lower because like Mr. Nag just pointed out the plants are running at single shift
from SMB line if some of the backendrunningtwo shifts so if we are ableto generate the
sales support then the plants can actually produce much more so it may not be 85olo maybe
we can increase capacity from whatever we are delivering now by as much as 50o/o,600/o
more so capacity is something that is very quickly upgradable and it does not call for much
capex per se, it is just supplier capacity getting upgraded. So ifl look at washers overall which
is top load and front load put together then if we get the sales the plants could go up by 50%,
600/o from wherever they are today.
On the refrigerator part you just mentioned like you are doing on DBOs 1000 to 1500 units
so if I do account like proper math probably we are somewhere around...
No, we are not going that, that is being done by IFB Refrigeration Limited, not by us, that
has to be corrected some amount will sell through IFB Indushies and so that is still being
worked out.
Thanks for that clarity Sir. Thanks and wish you all the best.
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofSumil Sethi from SG India. Please go ahead.
Moderator:
Page 13 of 19

rlilll
lndustries Limited
Sumil Sethi:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to check a few things. In the investor presentation
you have given sales split by product categories so is this split based on gross sales or net
sales, net ofpromotion discounts?
Prabir Chatterjee: 
You are talking about the pie graph?
suiltil Dtstnl.
,-:- 
-r--,rLl--1L-- 
-:---- 
f^-.L^ 
L^-^ 
^--l:--^^^
r tis, t[at r5 ur€ pr€ ulla t utat 116 6rvuu rul rtlu rlullr! 4PPlrdrt!!,
Prabir Chatterjee: 
That is on the gross sales.
Sumil Sethi:
Rajshankar Ray
Sumil Sethi
Rajshankar Ray
Sumil Sethi:
just a followup question here. You earlier mentioned thai you are giving a higher promotional
discount on ACs as compared to your other home appliances so is this bound to converge
towards the home appliance number any time in the future as your price realization improves
as in gonorol the industry ACs aro operete at a higher diecount as compared to other home
appliances?
Ifyou typically see the structure in the market ACs do operate at higher discount percentages,
but ultimately I think what really matters is inespective of what that percentage is are we
being able to generate a healthy gross margin so I would look at it more like that.
You mentioned that currently you are making a l3%o, l4o/" lower gross margin on ACs as
compared to your home appliances and a large part ofthat recovery will be done through
material cost reduction progrzlrn which will be done through the end of this year so I just
wanted to understand would improvement in pricing realization going forward will also be a
big portion or do you think that in the ACs our price value in the market as of now?
Whatever internal targets we are setting for ourselves are minus any increase in price
realization. For a specific answer to what you have asked, given the sort ofdynamics in the
AC market over the last six, seven months there is scope for any price realization
improvement as of now looks quite half-edged we do not anticipate any increases from price
realization as of now whatever we are doing is purely led either by material cost or by getting
the sales that we should be delivering. Does that answer your question?
Yes. Just one other small question. Can you give me the capacity utilization for the AC plant
this quarter?
The AC plant capacity is 500000 per annum on the SMB line running at single shift basis and
the rest of the plant which would be let us say the feeder lines, making the coils, evaporator,
Rajshankar Ray
Page 14 of 19

ni'lI
lndustries Limit€d
Sumil Sethi:
Rajshankar Ray
Sumil Sethi:
Rajshankar Ray:
Sumil Sethi:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
etc., all of them running at on three shift basis and those we translated that comes to roughly
about 40000 per month that is the actual capacity.
Any data points on what is the capacity utilization for this quarter?
For this quarter it is much lesser, it is not that and Mr. Chatterjee can give you the figure
separately. We are working on is how to get 100% capacity utilization by third quarter or
latest 100% by fourth quarter.
Just wanted to understand what is the strategy around conhact manufacturing is this
something that we will continue to do for the longer run and just wanted to understand is we
supplying to the brands which will be settled by the competitor or we are supplying that
completely different range of ACs for the contract manufacturing?
That is a good question and what we have explained in some of the earlier calls is that the
way we look at it is that the OEM supply that we are doing help plant capacity utilization so
let us say if we were to do 500000 per annum in the short-term and with that 300000 brand
sales and 200000 OEM it has the plant to cover overheads, it also helps purchasing power
because volumes are ramping up, that was the intent which we began the OEM supplies.
Going forward we still see that the selective OEM supplies will continue. The product that is
being supplied is seems to be similar but there are differences in terms of features and statics
based on whatever the OEM suppliers want, and the DNA is the same but it would be minus
some features, some performance areas, etc., that is the customer requirement.
So you think it is the same platform basically?
Rajshankar Ray: 
Yes, the platform is the same.
Sumil Sethi:
Thanks so much Sir.
Prabir Chatterjee:
Mr. Ray one thing I think what he is trying to get that is what is our strategy for OEM etc.,
and I think the strategy must be much more robust for us to get a much higher share of the
OEM business and I think we have discussed that point, whether in India or outside I think
now that we have got a person fully dealing with this I think you get positive results in the
coming months, but I think you have to set a target for OEM and then early chase that and to
make definitely margin in that just like we make an engineering business we are in the OEM
business so that is why we supply to OEMs in engineering division and I do not think this is
different.
Page 15 of 19

IIilIl
lndustries Limit*d
Moderator:
Madhur Rathi
a^*^--., 
c-^-t,^,
uuilrPorrJ 
uPrxA!r
Madhur Rathi:
Exactly a timeline?
Company Speaker:
Madhur Rathi
Company Speaker:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter-Cyclical
Investments. Please go ahead.
Sir what will be our operating margins in a steady state environment going forward and when
can we achieve a double-digit operating margin?
f\-^-.''- 
fi- "^ tha 
in qll nrnrtrrn+s in^lrrdina Af-s nanacifir rrfilizalinn is helfer an.l
Mr!assr^^b
the states regarding the material cost reduction tu:d other fixed cost reductiou steps that we
have taken these are all implemented will be in a better position and the margins would be
better.
No I do not think rve rvould like to give grtidance, hrtt I am heing very emphafic on this. So
we as the principle shareholder are ofcourse not happy about the fact that margins have been
low or the fact that we have not achieved numbers, we are the most affected by this. So all
the discussion within the company day-in, day-out is to ensure we have a robust team in place
which can deliver on what we discussed point number one state-by-state I am like
emphasizing this point on state-by-state because that is very, very important and it is our
intent that in applying division we hit over double digit margin that is what we would like
this is what a guidance statement but that is what we would like and of course for engineering
division which is now operating at decent level margins we need far more growth and a much
higher margin also. I would like or I would like to think at least that by end of Q3 or thereabout
November, December I think we should be in a much, much better place, the double digit I
think to be steady that is your question. I think from Q4 onwards should be Mr. Ray and Mr.
Chatterjee's drive that is where we would also like as principle shareholders.
Thank you so much, Sir, that is very assuring and just a followup question with increasing
EV penetration on our engineering business, so the fine rating divisions can youjust highlight
what are our plans going ahead and are we looking for some kind of acquisition instead of
setting up our own capacity in this segment?
I think the existing capacities that we have and cater to sizable EV business whatever little
capex we need to do we can do internally I think we will got orders of nearly 50, 60 Crores
of EV business this will significantly improve because marketing has been directed to get
more EV business, IC engine neutral business, sorry, and I think a significant amount of work
is being done, we have started supplying buyer media to people like Tesl4 etc., and I think a
lot more work on this will be done. As far as acquisitions go in the auto component space we
are on the lookout at this point itself we are talking to some companies and these are all IC
Page 16 of 19

IIFII
lndustries Limited
Madhur Rathi:
Company Speaker:
Madhur Rathi
Moderator
Keshav Garg:
Company Speaker:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
engine neutral businesses and I feel that is for engineering business to grow our strategic
decision has ease we cannot grow by being capex led because it takes a long, long time, we
have fully acquisition led but we need capex in the existing plant whatever little that we need
and therefore we need to purchase a sizable business, now what that what sizable can mean
that is still being discussed within the company and how we will finance it, etc., the
engineering division which is fine blanking and stamping together has debt of only around
30 or 32 Crores and we are inefficient inventory on debtors of around 30 Crores. So we can
take off tomorrow, and we can easily leverage and I think by Q3 maybe by October,
November I think we will stabilize at about 76%o, lTYomargin and therefore for us to finance
the takeover should not be ensure.
Just a final question is the IFB brand held in the name of our company or the promoter that
will give us some more questions?
We have nothing we only have shares in the company held through other companies which
is disclosed to SEBI it is very clearly disclosed to SEBI just like everybody else has done.
Promoter does not own the IFB brand at all in his personal loan. No, not at all.
Thank you Sir and all the best. Hope we will get your margins very soon.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS
Please go ahead.
I wanted to get your views and do not you think that we are pointed between things instead
of focusing either on the marketing size or on the manufacturing side we are trying to do too
much and the management bandwidth will be distributed in lots of small, small divisions and
hence we are not able to ramp up our business?
If this question is for me, which like division is small, because if you look at it for example
engineering division. Engineering division with fine blanking and stamping is sizable now
and I think we will soon make it much, much, much bigger. It is a very good cash generating
business and it does not takeaway bandwidth for me per se because the engineering division
has its own full-time management in place, appliance division has its own full-time
management in place. So per se I do not think management has ensured in terms of time as
far as my team goes I take decisions for capital allocation, etc. In the case ofAC as on date it
has not gone up well and I am very concemed about it and we spend a lot of time on it but I
think these things happen and we will put it right. We need to put it right, but the management
of appliances does not spend a single second in engineering as well as vice versa I do not
think there is an issue on that.
Page 17 of 19

rliltt
lndustries Limited
Keshav Garg:
Company Speaker
Keshav Garg
IFB Industries Limited
August 10,2023
My question was not that I am saying that our engineering business is doing just fine the
problem is in the consumer appliances business and which we are getting into chimneys, hobs
everything instead of focusing on the major segment and now for example we have got into
motor so for promoter we are losing, now for automotive motor also we are trying to make,
so their specialists which are only do automotive motor and also we will compete with that
first time basically?
I think the appliance motor division and the automotive motor division both have bcen thcre
for 15, 20 years nothing new we have done what the only thing we have done in the appliance
motor is we have gone into BLDC motors which is required by the washing machine division
and air conditioning motors which is required by the air conditioning division nothing eise
we have done. Air conditioning motor is only new thing that we have done, otherwise
everything has been there and if you see the advent of EVs that clearly tells us that motor is
the mosl importunt thing thure zurd stratugiually wc thilk urutur is art atca that wc trust bc in
and I do not see an issue with that per se but I have understood the question.
Now the thing is that there is a contract manufacturing company Dixon our revenues were
more than this company in FY20l6 and now their revenues are four times our revenues and
soon they will do brand fortune what we will do annually, now they are contract manufacturer
Company Speaker:
so their market capital is like nine, tsn times our market capital, they can dilute l0% equity
on base annual capital as our market cap and the huge plant from which you can get huge
promise of sales and whereas we are sitting with other small plants and trying to market our
own product and even the OEMs even at times between IFB and Dixon they would surely try
to have from Dixon rather than have this IFB is competing also and down the line one the
own AC sales pickup then the question will arise that will you first cater to your own AC
sales or will you cater to the third-party?
I think if you look at any Chinese company including me<Ii4 etc., brantl and OEM have gone
handling and I do not think any of the Chinese companies have ever fail the OEM customer
and neither have they fail the market. So we have seen that for example we buy microwaves
from one company Galanzit is only now that we have started buying some amount from like
media. Galanz is very strong in microwave brand in Chin4 but they also do a sizable OEM
business, if you see Beko Voltas has done a tie-up with Voltas Beko they have grown through
OEM; however, our OEM strategy needs a rejig and we really need to look at the volume side
of OEM business and we are doing this and we will rejig this and make it extremely viable.
So I think that ramp up rate we are getting firstly we have scaled up their contract
manufacturing business and then they started their own business whereas we are trying to do
the regular.
Page l8 of 19

ITH
lndustrles Llrnited
Keshav Garg
Moderator:
Company Speaker:
IFB Industries Limited
August 10, 2023
Best of luck to you. Thank you.
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over
to the management for the closing comments.
Mr. Ray this point on the contract manufacturing thing we discuss it tomorrow, but I think
this is the point and we really need to step on this and have a proper shategy for it, for the
AC as well as for others, refrigerator you already got an order of 100000, but in AC and all
we really need to fix this.
Prabir Chatterjee: 
Thank you all forjoining on this first quarter FY 24 call.
Rajshankar Ray: 
Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Nirmal
Bang Equities that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us. You may now
disconnect your lines.
Page 19 of 19

