 
`July 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Concall Transcription 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (oa) (ii) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of the 
Company’s Analyst Call held on July 24, 2023 to discuss the financial results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023. 
 
Meeting start time  - 3.00 p.m. IST 
End time – 4.00 p.m. IST 
 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
 
 
N Ramanathan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
SCRIP CODE: ASHOKLEY 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 500477 
NATARAJAN 
RAMANATHAN
Digitally signed by NATARAJAN RAMANATHAN 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=76Ay9IaKzUopoDjMdQaYLKTIH8UEFDer, 
2.5.4.20=22ebdb00708268080062bd623ed12444603631a4a2c6396
a6569847037804046, postalCode=600061, st=Tamil Nadu, 
serialNumber=e6c7e692a309c6eac78562d9913f554c20235b2382a5
7b04952b55db37396323, cn=NATARAJAN RAMANATHAN 
Date: 2023.07.31 16:04:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
“Ashok Leyland Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHENU AGARWAL – MD AND CEO – ASHOK 
LEYLAND LIMITED 
MR. GOPAL MAHADEVAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND C F O – ASHOK LEYLAND LIMITED 
MR. K M BALAJI – DEPUTY C FO – ASHOK LEYLAND 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JOSEPH GEORGE – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED  
 
 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ashok Leyland Q1 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by IIFL Securities Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Joseph George from IIFL 
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Joseph George: 
Thank you, Michelle. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of IIFL 
Securities, I welcome you all to the 1Q FY '24 Results Conference Call 
of Ashok Leyland. From the management team, we have with us Mr. 
Shenu Agarwal, MD and CEO, Mr. Gopal Mahadevan, Whole-Time 
Director and CFO, Mr. K.M. Balaji, Deputy CFO. 
I will hand over the call to Shenu, sir, for the opening remarks, post 
which we'll start with the Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to have you at the 
Ashok Leyland Q1 FY '24 Earnings Call. I thank you very much for the 
interest shown in Ashok Leyland. 
The domestic MHCV industry witnessed a Y-o-Y growth of about 3% 
in Q1, backed by a favorable macroeconomic environment and a strong 
replacement demand. Healthy growth in the end-user industries like 
cement, steel and infrastructure as well as improvement in general 
manufacturing activity and consumption trends continue to stand in 
favor of demand from fleet operators. Good pick-up in bus demand has 
also augured well for the industry.  
The growth in MHCV segment is slightly muted, owing to the effect of 
some pre-buying in Q4 of last year, because of implementation of OBD2 
norms from April 1, this year. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
We expect the growth trajectory to improve going forward. Significant 
allocation towards capital expenditure in the Union Budget 2023-24 
would continue to provide the necessary traction to MHCV demand in 
the near to medium term. 
As far as LCV industry is concerned, the progress of the monsoon and 
its impact on rural demand remains a key factor to watch for.  
Overall, we maintain our earlier guidance of 8% to 10% growth for 
MHCV and 5% to 6% growth for LCV for the entire fiscal year FY '24. 
The commodity prices moved marginally northwards in Q4 of last fiscal. 
Since we pass on the effect of commodities generally with a lag of a 
quarter, we had some impact from this, which was, to an extent, 
neutralized with efficient inventory management. It is expected that 
commodity prices would soften in the coming months. 
Ashok Leyland has been able to beat industry growth in Q1 as well in 
both the MHCV and the addressable LCV segments. On top of that, we 
have also been able to raise prices consistently, including a price hike in 
Q1 this year. What is good to see is that the retention of such increases 
is improving. We are also putting efforts in reducing our costs, both the 
product cost as well as overheads. All these are visible in our Y-o-Y 
margin improvement. 
The EV business housed under Switch is crucial for future proofing 
Ashok Leyland. While we will continue to look at external investors, 
Ashok Leyland, shall, in the meanwhile, fully support the efforts of 
Switch in developing world-class products. Switch presence is growing, 
and I'm happy to share that our electric products are performing 
extremely well. We are also preparing for launch of our Switch Electric 
LCVs in the second half of the year. 
During the quarter, Ashok Leyland has launched a Star 6x4 ED PTO 
Ready Mix Concrete, Ecomet Star 1915, 2820 G45 FES, Ecomet Star 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
16 ton and 18 ton, 24 feet, 4225 MAV, and 13.5 meter bus with 19.5 ton 
GVW, thereby expanding our range further. I'm extremely confident that 
with these launches, and the continued network expansion, we will add 
on to the market share gains achieved in the last few quarters. 
Now I will quickly run you through our Q1 performance.  
In Q1, our MHCV volumes have grown at 7% on Y-o-Y basis as against 
the industry growth of 3%, resulting in market share improvement for 
Ashok Leyland.  
Bus TIV volumes grew by 39% and the corresponding growth for Ashok 
Leyland in Bus segment was at 93%. Bus market share has improved for 
Ashok Leyland from 20.2% last year to 28.1% now, that is by 7.9%. 
Truck TIV was almost flat in Q1, and AL volumes have grown, resulting 
in a market share improvement of 0.6% from 31.1% last year to 31.7% 
in Q1 this year.  
This is the sixth consecutive quarter of 30%-plus market share for Ashok 
Leyland. 
Our Q1 LCV volumes have grown by 3% over last year, that is in current 
year, Q1 was at 14,821 numbers versus previous year Q1 of 14,384 
numbers.  
IO sales have registered a 12% decline in Q1 Y-o-Y, consequent to the 
meltdown in many economies around the world. We did 2,222 numbers 
in Q1 in the current year versus 2,527 numbers in Q1 in the previous 
year. But relatively speaking, our performance in IO is still better as 
overall CV exports out of India has declined sharply this quarter. 
Good performance in aftermarket sales continued in Q1. Our 
aftermarket sales at Rs. 617 crores grew by 34% over same period last 
year, which was at Rs. 459 crores.  

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
Volumes under Power Solutions business have doubled in Q1. That is at 
8,776 numbers in Q1 this year versus 4,381 numbers in Q1 previous 
year. 
Q1 revenues stood at Rs. 8,189 crores, 13% higher than Q1 of last year 
at Rs. 7,223 crores. 
EBITDA for Q1 was at Rs. 821 crores, which is at 10%, as against Rs. 
320 crores at 4.4% in Q1 last year.  
Our PAT was up more than 7x at Rs. 576 crores versus Rs. 68 crores in 
the previous year. You may note that the tax expense for the quarter 
considers a one-time deferred tax credit of Rs. 172 crores on account of 
expected transition to lower tax regime. 
Operating working capital is at Rs. 1,522 crores as of June '23, primarily 
supporting the increased activity levels.  
Capital expenditure for the quarter is roughly at Rs. 95 crores.  
Net debt as of 30, June 2023, was at Rs. 1,464 crores as against a 
negative of Rs. 243 crores at the end of fiscal year '23. 
I now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We have the first question from the line of 
Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is around some of the cyclicality of discounting 
in the CV industry. So over the past sort of seven to eight years, I think, 
there have been maybe a few instances where discounting slowed down 
a little bit. And we seem to be in the midst of that sort of scenario right 
now. But there seems to be more confidence that lower discounting in 
the CV industry can sustain for a longer period of time. So just trying to 
understand what's giving you that confidence? And any color on that 
would be very helpful. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. I mean, it is true that historically, things have happened in a certain 
way as far as discounts are considered. But we have an opinion that 
currently, CV industry is poised for a lot of change. And I think 
everybody in our industry understands that everyone needs to invest in 
this new change, that is coming up on us. 
We have heard from our peers as well in various media reports that 
everybody wants to focus on profitability. Of course, it is very difficult 
to say how competition would respond as far as discounts are concerned. 
But generally, the feeling at least right now is that people want to 
maintain healthier practices and look at value selling, look at generating 
more profits, so that we can all, as an industry, also invest in the new 
things that are upon us in the future. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. My second question is on the plan to 
launch sort of a zero-ton to 2-ton LCV over time. So I understand this is 
a pretty large volume category within LCVs, which you're not playing 
in at this point. So it makes a lot of strategic sense to participate there. 
If you could give us some idea on what sort of time lines you have in 
mind to put this product into market? And just your thought process 
around sort of competitive intensity there, I think the zero-ton to 2-ton 
LCV market is more competitive than sort of the 2-ton to 8-ton 
segments. So just any early thoughts there would be super helpful. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. As we also stated in our analyst meet, I think last month was that 
we are seriously considering an option of getting into sub-2-ton 
segment. As you said, it is a very attractive large sized market. And 
having now achieved more than 20% market share in a relatively short 
period in 2-ton to 3.5-ton gives us confidence that we can be active 
player in the sub-2-ton as well. 
Now of course, right now, it is too early to comment on the time lines, 
etc. Because this market is a very mature market, and it's entrenched 
with the competition that has been there for many years. And therefore, 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
whatever and whenever we want to enter this, would depend on us being 
able to come up with a very sharp proposition on what kind of product 
do you want to come up with. Yes. So that will take a few more months. 
As we said in the Analyst Meet as well, hopefully, during the year 
sometime, we would be able to tell you more about this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from 
Nomura Group. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Congratulations on a strong set of results. Firstly, I wanted to talk about 
industry growth, because first quarter has been soft. You had guided for 
same as well due to pre-buy. But what are the signals you are reading 
from the ground, if you could talk about that? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes, Kapil, thank you for the question. I think the momentum, the pulse 
on the ground is very strong. We don't see any kind of negativity in any 
of the segments actually. The momentum is going well. I think, the 
growth was a little bit muted like, we explained in the last call as well 
that there could be some pre-buying in Q4, and therefore, this quarter, it 
was expected that the growth would be slightly muted. 
We are still happy that we had a marginal growth in the MHCV segment, 
but especially in the Bus segment, there was tremendous growth in the 
market. As I said in my opening comments that we still maintain our 
guidance that we gave last time of 8% to 10% growth for MHCV and 
5% to 6% roughly for LCV for the entire year. We are still maintaining 
that guidance. And therefore, we think that the momentum would 
actually further increase going into quarter 2, quarter 3 and so on. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. Great to hear. And second, if you could just talk about as you look 
ahead over the next two to three years, we have talked about market 
share, further expansion to around 35%; and margins, we are aspiring to 
get to 15%, margin right? So what are the levers that you are seeing for 
both that are possible from hereon as we move towards that goal? 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Kapil, there is a lot of opportunity that Ashok Leyland has. As far as 
market share is concerned, I mean, we have been talking about the 
disparity in our market shares when we look at geographical market 
shares. North and East, although we gained substantially last year, but 
still, we are like, 25% range there, although we have improved from 
20% to 25% now. 
But we definitely want to improve our market share in North and East 
to roughly 30% or more. And if we can do that, definitely, we could be 
touching close to 35% overall. Even in product segments, we have a 
huge opportunity in some of the specific segments. For example, like in 
MDV buses, in medium heavy-duty buses, we have a market share of 
50% or more. But in ICV buses, which is about two-thirds of the bus 
industry, our market share last year was still like around 15%. 
We have substantially improved in Q1 in ICV buses, and we want to 
continue to do that. So I mean, we have our play very well understood. 
We have our actions deployed in the right place, whether it is product 
segments or geographies. And we hope, I mean, just, if we continue to 
focus on the fundamentals, whether it is product segments or 
establishing the right network or getting our network right in the white 
spaces, we have right now, I think, we can move towards that number 
of 35% in the next few years. 
As far as margins are concerned, I think, in the analyst meet last month, 
we said in the near term, we want to achieve a double-digit EBITDA. 
And in the longer -- in the medium to long run, we want to aim at mid-
teens, which is roughly around 15% EBITDA, right? So I mean, we are 
happy that in Q1, we could achieve double-digit EBITDA actually 
because a lot of things worked in our favor. But double digit is what is 
our focus in the near term right now. 
Kapil Singh: 
Great. Sir, if I could just lastly touch on the EV side as well, we have 
seen quite a few orders coming in for -- from the various governments, 
but Ashok Leyland so far has already participated very aggressively in 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
those orders. So what is your outlook now as we look into FY '24, FY 
'25? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
No, Kapil, that's not right. I mean, we have been participating in the 
tenders that have been floated by STUs recently, especially the CESL 
two tenders that we participated. Now we are in discussions with all 
these STUs, wherever we got an opportunity to get into contracts. So 
yes, I mean, we have a pretty healthy order book that we are going to 
now focus on executing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from 
Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
I have two questions. Firstly, on the margin. Just trying to get a little bit 
more color. The gross margin expansion of 200-basis-point despite some 
cost push, it's quite strong. So I'm just trying to understand what were 
the levers for improvement here? And more specifically, when I look at 
the remainder of the year, you've got better operating leverage yet to 
play out. You've got steel correction tailwind yet to play out. 
So if you can just give us some thoughts on how we should be thinking 
about margins for the remainder of the year? Will we be decisively able 
to improve where we are in quarter 1? 
Gopal Mahadevan: Yes. Hi, Gunjan, this is Gopal. See, essentially, I know you're looking 
at Q1 versus Q1. So what has happened last year is there are two things 
that have we have been actually working on. One, of course, if you look 
at the general industry trend, there has been a softening of steel prices. 
But even there in Q1, there was a slight amount of steel price increase. 
But the pace of growth of steel price increases happened from Q1 of last 
year to Q3, Q4 and then coming off has been helping the industry. But 
that is the upside. 
What have we done at Leyland? At Leyland, what has happened is, when 
you compare Q1 of last year with Q1 of this year, this is actually baked 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
in four quarters of price increases. And net price realizations have 
approximately gone up per quarter, say, by about 1.5%, 2%, and of 
course, there is a mix impact etc. 
The second thing that has happened is, last year, as we have shared with 
you, we had embarked on a huge cost reduction viz., material cost 
reduction program, which is, we had looked at bulk buying, 
consolidating vendors, alternative design, changing some of the bells 
and whistles, which were actually helping to drive performance, but at 
the same time, getting, which was enhancing performance, but also 
bringing down cost. 
All of this resulted in the first quarter itself. First quarter typically is not 
a great quarter for the industry. But we were saying that, can we hit a 
10% margin in the first quarter? That was the internal question that we 
had, and we were able to do that. 
So three factors: much better revenues than last Q1 of last year where 
we then ended up with 4.4%. And this quarter, we ended up with a 10% 
EBITDA, Q1 versus Q1. Second one is consistent price enhancements 
that have been able to deliver better net realizations. Third one is cost 
reductions on the material front, which has resulted in the gross margin 
expansion. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And so for the remainder of the year, is there any further cost, I 
guess, you're talking about the recent initiatives that you have taken, and 
of course, the modular platform. So is there more to come from those 
initiatives? Or going into the remainder of the year, it's essentially going 
to be operating leverage and steel correction, which is yet to play out? 
Gopal Mahadevan: No, you must understand one thing. One, price increases, for example, 
if you do it quarter-on-quarter-on-quarter sequentially, they have an 
impact as we move forward. That is step ladder method of actually 
incremental improvement in the naturalization that will happen. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
Similarly, when you do cost reduction, there is a reverse step ladder 
method, maybe a defending step ladder method, where the costs start to 
come out quarter-on-quarter. So to be candid with you, in the 
forthcoming quarters, we are expecting the benefits of the cost reduction 
initiatives that we have been doing for the past few quarters. 
Over and above that is the play that if steel prices were to come up, and 
I think the general consensus from external reports is that the second 
half of the year, steel prices are going to be soft. We are already in the 
second quarter, the first half is almost going to get complete. So after 
that in the second half, steel prices are going to get soft. So that would 
actually add on to the profitability for the industry also. So we believe 
that if the industry were to grow at about 10% to 12%, which is not at 
all bad, if you look at the 45% or 48% growth that the industry has 
posted last year. 
I think riding on that volume base, the industry growth, say, even by 
10% this year, there is scope for margin expansion. And then after that 
comes in the operating leverage and the other benefits that you can get. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. That's good to hear. The other question I had was on the 
Hinduja Leyland Finance. If you can just refresh us on where we are on 
the time lines, how long it can take for the business to demerge? I know 
you all raised money, but just figuring the demerger time lines there? 
Gopal Mahadevan: Okay. I'll tell you what is happening is it's not a demerger. Hinduja 
Leyland Finance is actually going to merge into NXT Digital. So it's a 
reverse merger that is happening. There's no demerger. I think the time 
lines, there are some formalities that are to be completed. Our 
expectation is that it should happen anywhere between Q3 and Q4. No 
major deviation in the time lines. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And last one from my side will be just the inventory level, is there 
any -- where are we versus the typical inventory levels in the channel? 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
Gopal Mahadevan: See, I would only say that in this quarter, we have actually brought down 
inventory levels a little bit because we are very kind of very nimble 
quarter in this inventory management. So we don't have any significant 
inventory in the pipe that is with company or dealerships. I think, it's at 
manageable level. Month-on-month, it keeps oscillating, but from our 
side, there is no stuffing of the inventory at all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from 
UBS. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Congratulations on a great set of number. My first question is on the 
non-vehicle side. Because looking at the Q-o-Q model mix and the way 
the volumes have come off, and the ASP looks like your non-vehicle 
side of the business has done very well. So if you can just throw some 
color on the quantitative aspects there as to how spare, how is defense, 
how is genset business, and that will be great? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pramod. So let me just start with the Power Solutions 
business first. And I want you to just keep this in context that there was 
supposed to be an emission norm change from July 1 2023, which 
actually got postponed now by about 12 months. So because of this 
announcement of postponement which came very late into the quarter, 
there was some pre-buying that happened in the quarter, which would 
impact our Q2 and Q3 volumes as far as the Power Solutions Business 
is concerned. 
Now all of that pre-buying did not happen that we were anticipating, 
because the announcement came like a week or 10 days in advance that 
the norms would get postponed. Otherwise, we would have registered 
even a higher volume in PSB. But just keep that in mind. Although 
overall, we are doing well. And in the whole year also, we would register 
a significant growth in our PSB volumes. But just for a quarter 1 
perspective, you have to just keep in mind that some pre-buying has 
happened in quarter Q1. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
Coming to defense business, yes, last year was not a very good year for 
defense. And therefore, you are seeing very high growth percentages in 
the defense business. 
Now even in the last call, we said that defense pipeline is now building 
up sharply. We have just announced receipt of Rs. 800 crores order from 
the Army. And I think the pipeline is building up very robustly. So for 
FY '24 and even for FY '25, we see very healthy defense volumes to 
happen. But just see that in context of the last year, which was not very 
good, right? So the base for itself was not so good. 
On part sales, we are very, very happy and also very confident that we 
have not just registered a very good increase or growth in our parts 
business, but we also continue to do so. Last year, we did about 30% 
growth or more than 30% growth in our parts business. And even in this 
quarter, you have seen that the parts business has grown beyond 30%. 
This is really not just about the growth itself, but it also, I think, reflects 
how our network is spreading overall and how our market share is 
getting more-and-more spread out even in North and East areas. So it's 
a culmination of all those efforts. But yes, overall, on non-vehicle 
business, we are very optimistic. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And second question is on the discounting side because the discounting 
scenario has seen a big change over the last three to four quarters. If you 
can, Gopal, if you can just help us understand what used to be the typical 
discounts, what the industry was seeing on HCVs? And where are we 
today as in -- just trying to understand how much of this profitability 
delta has come from discounting reduction alone? 
Gopal Mahadevan: You see, this quarter also we raised prices by 2%, yes, net. So it depends 
on the model.  When I'm giving a very average number because what 
happens is that you have certain SKUs and there are North, South, East, 
West pricing etc., that happens. Definitely, discounting has, in absolute 
terms between last year and this year itself have come down by 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
anywhere between 10% to 15% in terms of vehicle. Don't add that stake 
to the margin. 
Because what happens is discounting is one stream of activity, price 
realization is another stream, billing is another stream of activity, net 
price realization is a third stream of activity. So what has happened is 
quarter-on-quarter, like you mentioned, as I had mentioned, the 10% to 
12%, why is it coming? Because quarter-on-quarter, if you look at four 
quarters, average, we would have raised prices by 1.5% to 2%, right? So 
you would have actually had last year maybe about 7% to 8%. And then 
you have another 2% coming this quarter. So sequentially, it would have 
had about 10% of price increases that is happening. 
So that the industry is also holding, which is good for us because that 
means that the industry is able to absorb these prices and still deliver a 
marginally higher growth, which is good. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And then, Gopal, do you expect this is like, something which you've not 
seen historically, even forget after the last two, three years were 
discounting went out of control, and now you're having a great run on 
pricing. But we never seen this kind of very strong pricing in this 
industry for the longest period of time. I don't recollect if you from your 
experience or Balaji's experience or even Shenu's, if you've seen this 
even, like say, 15 years, 20 years back, I don't recollect at least in the 
last 15 years, 17 years. So I'm just trying to understand what's driving 
this price discipline, sir? 
Gopal Mahadevan: 2018-19 was a good year, yes. 2017-18, 2018-19, while the discounting 
was happening, net price realizations in the BS IV regime were actually 
getting better. The margins for the industry was good. 
Pramod Kumar: 
But that was on a lower cost structure as well. The content cost was 
much lower than where we are today. The average truck size were also 
much smaller. But if you look at the price increasing velocity because 
it's one thing to -- because it ultimately adds up, right? Everything adds 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
up, and the customer also, there's somewhat of demand sensitivity at 
some particular level, right? I'm just trying to understand from a very 
high discounting-led environment where net pricing was actually 
collapsing to environment where net pricing is going up sharply. How 
is the industry, how is the customer base reacting to this? I'm just trying 
to understand how far can we continue to have such run. 
Gopal Mahadevan: Let me put it in perspective and then I'll request Shenu also to add. See, 
there are two, three things here. Your point is right. But what has 
happened is, unfortunately, the cost of the vehicle went up by 
approximately 20% to 22% in Q1 of FY '20. And what happened is the 
whole thing had imploded, right? Because it was bang at the start of 
COVID. 
So there is no demand, and you are launching and you are forced to 
launch products for regulatory compliance with a product which was 
20% to 25% more. It could be 13%, 14% in some SKUs, but broadly, 
I'm saying 20%. So once that happened, the pricing power was virtually 
not there in the industry. And the industry always, like you rightly said, 
already had the practice of discounting. So then the situation went 
southwards as further discounting happening for a very limited customer 
demand. 
Now last year, what has happened is, after '20-'21 and then we saw in 
Q4 of '21-'22, and maybe second half of '21-'22 demand coming back. 
Last year, there're a lot of pent-up demand, so to speak, started to 
happen. Because we must understand India suddenly turned into a high-
growth economy. And you need transportation to fuel this growth. So 
then what happened is, whatever demand that had actually not taken 
place in the past, suddenly, and the axle load norms also, which had 
created capacity of maybe about 160,000 vehicles had also kind of -- the 
impact was over. 
So the industry, I think the demand suddenly started to ease of last year. 
That is why the industry grew by about 45% to 48%. When this was 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
happening, when some of the players decided that no, we don't need to 
actually keep discounting to acquire customers, then we saw the price 
realizations holding on. 
Hopefully, what we are expecting is that the same rationale will continue 
as we move forward. Because, frankly, I think customers have to be 
acquired from capability and not by discounting. So if this continues, 
the industry's breakeven point, I'm not just talking about Leyland's, the 
industry's breakeven point will come down quite sharply. Because what 
will happen is the same amount of volume or even a slightly lesser 
amount of volume can give good margins. 
So this, along with the commodity prices coming off, operating leverage 
kicking in and better pricing that has happened over the last several, say, 
six to eight quarters, all of this should see better profitability for the 
industry. And I mean, in all humility, we have been actually posting 
better results at least until now. And we have been taking cost out, which 
we have been sharing quite openly with you. We have also shared with 
you our medium-term target of mid-teens EBITDA. We said this time 
that let us share what we are doing as a company and what we are 
aspiring as a management team. So that, the investors understand this 
better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind Sharma from 
Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma: 
So the first question would be on the AVTR range, the moderator 
platform. Would it be possible to just help us with the overall 
contribution of this range to your total volumes? And if you can just 
comment on the profitability as well? So that'd be the first question. 
Gopal Mahadevan: Well, you see, AVTR is a range that factors in the higher tonnage 
vehicles. We possibly will not be able to share exactly how much of it. 
Because all I can tell you is that, we actually monitor this for the heavy 
commercial vehicles. We also talk about the intermediate commercial 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
vehicles, and we look at the margins. To be candid, the team is now 
working on how do we improve the profitability of the intermediate 
commercial vehicles even further. 
As far as the heavier commercial vehicle is concerned, all I can tell you 
is that the higher the tonnage of the vehicle, the better is the margin, 
because the realizations per ton improves. So AVTR range has actually 
been a big success on three grounds, I would say. 
One is product performance. Absolutely, I would say, in certain cases, 
above industry, there is a clear demand pull on the product from the 
industry. This industry is the toughest of all the industries, if you take 
the two-wheeler, four-wheeler and then you take MHCV trucks, I would 
say that MHCV trucks has the finest and the most, knowledgeable 
customers, because this is used for commercial purposes. So here, the 
AVTR, I think as a product has had exceptional acceptance by 
customers. This is one. 
The second one is the complexity of production has come off quite a bit, 
which is why we are able to increase our throughput on production and 
even though the tonnage of vehicles has gone up and serviceability also 
goes up. 
The third one, as far as AVTR range is concerned, is that the -- we 
possibly will see the benefits, and we are seeing the benefits of the 
complexity of production actually coming down in terms of number of 
parts, the assembly of vehicles, the number of vendors, the inventory 
that we need to carry. So we're seeing that slowly happening. And as we 
move forward, these are things that we shared with you in 2020-'21, and 
all of that is happening. So AVTR is crucial and an important step for 
us. 
Arvind Sharma: 
If I could also ask a second question more on the Bus segment. Can you 
throw some light on the new orders from STUs that you are seeing, how 
much are -- what's the proportion of electric buses to ICE buses? And 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
do you foresee a time when a majority of these new orders would be on 
the electrical side? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. So see, the electric thing has just started. I mean, there have been 
like two large tenders so far. And therefore, as a percentage of the total 
bus industry, it's still very small. But I think, we are seeing that the 
market is gradually going to move towards more-and-more of electric. 
It has not even penetrated the private sector as yet, because of ecosystem 
challenges. But yes, I mean, there are several reports in the market that 
indicate that about 30% to 40% of at least the STU demand can be 
electric. 
While different governments have been proclaiming different things, 
some are even like we just heard a few days back, that government wants 
100% of STU demand to be electric now going forward and achieve that 
by 2030 or earlier. Yes. I think, we will see the timing can be varying, 
but definitely, this is going to happen. 
Electrification will happen starting from buses and then moving on to 
the smaller vehicles, the LCV range. And then also even in the trucks in 
some special specific niche areas. Yes, it is bound to happen. It's just 
like what would be the inflection point that is to be watched for. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Got it, sir. And is there any proportion that you can share between sales 
to STUs and the private orders in the Bus segment for Ashok Leyland? 
Is there any proportion that you can share? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Sorry, can you ask that again? 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sir, the proportion of volumes from STUs and private orders, is there a 
proportion that you can share? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Gopal, can you? 
Gopal Mahadevan: We didn't discuss much about the Bus in this call, because everybody 
was discussing on trucks. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
Actually, this quarter, we possibly have again gone back to number one 
in Buses in India. And our product range is much expanded today, and 
we are still working on the bus portfolio. The bus portfolio is very 
important to us. 
The second bit of it, I would say, is that the bus portfolio actually is 
becoming more-and-more profitable. It was when the maximum impact 
that happened on COVID was on account of buses. So no schools, no 
intercity transport, all institutions were shut, everything was work from 
home, suddenly, things have started to come in. Even the large software 
giants are now insisting that you need to work at least three times a week 
or four times a week and all schools are up and running, colleges are up 
and running. 
So what happens is that, we are seeing that there is a margin 
improvement. And just to add to what our MD, Shenu, mentioned, you 
know that the EV bit of it is just starting. Now we are seeing STU is also 
actually ordering a lot of diesel buses. 
To give you an idea, today in this quarter, okay, I'll tell you the TIV, 
broadly, STU would account for approximately about 7.5% to 8%.  The 
STU has actually grown by about 55%. But out of the total buses, which 
is you take it as private, STU, ICV passengers, the largest is actually on 
ICV passengers essentially in school bus segments, which actually 
accounts for nearly 71%. 
So you have about 8% to 9% in STU and the balance is private buses. 
This ratio will start to actually change when governments are going to 
order more-and-more of STU. I mean, STUs are going to start ordering. 
You must remember that the scrappage has also affected the government 
vehicles and including buses, where they will be a push to replace their 
existing fleet. Some of which are very old. And also, you will see private 
passenger transportation going up when intercity starts to grow further. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from 
InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
The first question with regard to the electric trucks. There are some signs 
of some mining companies or others importing the trucks from abroad. 
How are you looking at the space, and when you're planning to introduce 
the products here? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Hi, Pramod, thank you for the question. As far as the trucks are 
concerned, we are working on several different applications as far as the 
electric is concerned. How we want to focus on some of the niche 
applications where we are working very closely with some of the 
customers. 
I think going forward, within the next few quarters, you would see some 
kind of activity in that space. These would not be in a true sense, 
commercial launches, but these would be some kind of large scale, 
medium scale customer pilots that we intend to do, right. So those 
discussions are ongoing on the market size as well with customers, 
understanding their requirements, understanding the local geography, 
the application, etc. At the same time, with that information coming in 
now, we are maturing our technology and tweaking it to suit to the 
market requirement. 
Yes. I mean, we are not in a hurry to kind of commercially launch or 
make a lot of noise about it, but we want to make sure that we focus on 
maturing the technology in the right way, make it well suited for the 
applications that are in the market and that are ready to absorb this kind 
of technology, working with some very mature large customers who 
have a lot of interest in these vehicles either because of the TCO 
compulsions or because of their own environmental goals. So that is our 
focus area. 
Pramod Amthe: 
And second one is to Gopal. There seems to be a substantial movement 
in the net debt from a net cash position to a net debt from March to June. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
Is it all attributed to working capital? So what is the working capital 
situation now? 
And second with related to the same is, what is the investment into 
subsidiaries which has gone into June quarter? 
Gopal Mahadevan: You're right. I mean, the predominant part of it. See, what happens, there 
is nothing wrong in this working capital movement. Let me assure you. 
Because we have possibly over the past several years, we have been 
talking about negative working capital at the year-end. And then you 
will see that this is a traditional pattern that happens. 
In the first quarter, the working capital actually becomes positive. The 
reason is you know why? Especially the February and March month, 
there is a lot of demand. And so what happens, your FG inventory, and 
since we don't have -- maybe we do offer a little bit of credit now. But 
otherwise, the collections are also pretty high. 
So what happens is on the current asset side, it is actually, it comes down 
quite low. It comes down quite a bit. And complementing that, you have 
the vendors, the current liabilities, which goes up. So the net working 
capital becomes negative, right? And so there is a huge rush of cash that 
happens in the month of February and March, but which is why we don't 
keep kind of exemplifying it or trying to expand it beyond a point. 
In the month of April, May, June, what happens is that the demand is 
actually lower than what it is in the fourth quarter. And so the creditors 
need to be paid out. When that happens, you see a sudden payment cycle 
that comes in. And when that happens, the working capital turns from 
negative to positive, which is why approximately Rs. 240crores of net 
cash, which was there, has actually become Rs. 1,400 crores. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Rs. 1, 500 crores. 
Gopal Mahadevan: Rs. 1,474 crores of debt. But Among that, we, I think, have also provided 
some support in terms of, I think, about Rs. 215 crores, that goes to 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
Switch. But the main reason is working capital. And this will, again, 
start to stabilize. As we go forward, in the second and third quarter, 
again, it will plateau. And in the fourth quarter, again, we'll gain. But 
what happens is year-on-year, we will actually see that the net cash 
generation is getting better.  
K. M. Balaji: 
Actually, you would have seen in the last quarter, our working capital 
was around two days. And now it has increased more to support the 
activity. It has increased to nine days. This is only reflected by way of 
movement in the debt also. 
Our debt, we were in a surplus cash position, if you recall at the year-
end, Rs. 243 crores. So from there now, we have moved to Rs. 1,400 
crores, roughly Rs. 1,700 crores of movement have happened. And this 
is primarily because of the working capital movement, which has gone 
up from minus one day or minus two days to now plus nine days, is 11 
days, that is attributing to the change in the debt situation. And it will 
keep improving. As you see, now quarter-on-quarter, it will keep 
improving. And then finally, we'll end up in the better than what we did 
in the last financial year Q4. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
My question was actually related to what was just discussed right now. 
So just sticking to the cash flows, you mentioned that capex was Rs. 95 
crores for the quarter. What was the investment in Switch in the quarter? 
Gopal Mahadevan: I think, the investment in Switch, I think, we did about Rs. 200 crores or 
so, not an investment, not in equity. There was no equity investment that 
was done. There were some temporary short-term loans that were given, 
if my memory serves me right. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Okay. But the full year... 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
Gopal Mahadevan: Just want to clarify, Amyn, you know, this company as well. Whatever 
numbers that Balaji gave in terms of working capital days, that does not 
include Switch support. And just to give you a perspective, when we 
said that we have already shared with you earlier itself, I think even 
before the investment meets that we had in Mumbai, we had mentioned 
that we will support Switch in one way or the other for about Rs. 1,200 
crores in the current year. That plan will not change. 
So whether we will do it as loan funding, whether we'll give it as equity, 
whether we'll give it as other instrument, is all we are actually taking a 
decision. But Switch business plan will continue because this company 
is going to come out with some very good launches, both here and in 
UK. And we are looking at two variants of LCV coming out, another 
variant of a bus coming out and maybe a European model bus also 
coming out. 
So we are not going to let this action slow down. So that plan will 
continue, and we will continue to support and infuse funds as and when 
required. But this year, I think the overall estimate, we stand by it, which 
will be about Rs. 1,200 crores, which we have shared with you already. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Great. And just on the Switch, the electric bus that you mentioned, now 
at least in India, most of these EV buses are being bought as of now by 
the STUs and the model in which they are being bought is of a build-
operate kind of a model. Now do you have any initial thoughts as to 
when you launch an EV Bus? Obviously, I'm guessing that over a period 
of time, there will be a demand from the non-STU category also. So are 
you gearing-up for or planning to whenever you launch, bidding for 
these build-operate and transfer kind of projects? Or would you want to 
focus on the non-STU segment for these -- for the EV buses specifically? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. See, as far as the EV buses for the private sector, which is outright 
purchase kind of a model is concerned, it will take more time. So we are 
working with the customers to penetrate into that segment or rather to 
say, let us develop that segment. Now there is no segment right now, 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
right? But that will take a little bit more time. Because it's not just about 
the product, it's also about a lot of ecosystem challenges that we have to 
deal with. So we are working with our customers on some of those 
challenges to be overcome. 
But on the STU, which is like clear and now, the only model right now 
is the build-operate kind of a model. And you know that Switch has 
participated in some of these tenders, especially in the last leg of tenders, 
and we have won some of those tenders as well. So definitely, we are 
going to try to execute those. And we are in discussions with various 
STUs to be to be able to do that. 
Amyn Pirani: 
And if I can just squeeze-in one last question on this model. Obviously, 
the way the financials and the profitability will work on these models is 
different from how we have looked at the company for all these years. 
So how should we think about when you start -- like this will be long 
term, you will not make the money upfront, you will keep the asset on 
your books. So maybe not today, maybe later on, whenever you can, it 
will be helpful for us to understand how should we think of the 
profitability and the ROCE on this kind of a business? And how does it 
differ from your existing business? 
Gopal Mahadevan: See, Amyn, how you can possibly look at this, as a portfolio. Because 
we are a commercial vehicle manufacturer. We have a vision. We want 
to be numbered in the Top 10 in the world. And we need to do a lot of 
actions on multiple fronts, which is we have to expand our LCV 
portfolio. We need to enhance our market presence in India. We need to 
grow our exports further. There are defense vehicles that need to be 
enhanced. So there's a lot of work that's going on. This is one bit. 
The second bit is we also need to be a very relevant player in future 
fuels. We cannot afford not to be there. So what are the future fuels? Of 
course, there is CNG, LNG, with which we have actually got working 
variance. Other than what has been introduced in the past, we are 
working with some of the large organizations in India, which you know 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
for hydrogen, H2-ICE. We are also having some collaboration 
happening on hydrogen fuel cell. 
Now coming to EV, that is why we also had a separate company called 
Switch for EVs. At the moment when Switch is evolving and we need 
to pick and choose orders as we move forward. Now that is why we have 
a company called as OHM, which is not yet kind of operationalized. 
Because we first wanted to do that in Switch. 
You will hear more about OHM in the coming months, when we decide 
to operation it. Today, OHM doesn't have any operations. But when we 
do that, our view and our strategy would be to house all the e-mobility 
as a service, the eMaaS, the long-term returns asset-based financing in 
OHM. 
Now if you actually step back and look at it, there is no major difference 
that you will see at a 30,000-feet level between a company like HLF and 
which is a finance company, and OHM. Correct? 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes. 
Gopal Mahadevan: Asset lending, only difference is here, you are doing operating leases. 
Which means, you manage the vehicle, you run the vehicle, you ensure 
that the STU or the customer pays for it, and it is a pay per kilometer 
with assured guarantees etc., and these are slightly longer-term 
contracts. 
We will now, if the country starts to kind of move in this direction, it 
will happen to akin to what is happening in solar or what happened in 
solar over the last 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. Long-term contracts, 
great annuities, payment mechanisms are mature, costs have come 
down. They have even got better than grid rates. So we may actually see 
that happening. 
At the current juncture, the EV industry is still pretty nascent. So but 
what we said is, no, we need to participate as a bus manufacturer. That 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
is why we are creating OHM. You will hear more about this in the future, 
and we would be more than happy to serve customers as a direct sale 
also. We are readying ourselves for that. 
So the market will also start saying, "Hey, why should we go to this? 
Let me own the asset and let me own to operate it." Where the customer 
has the heft of financing on that advantage. See customers in this 
business won't leave any money on the table. If they find that they have 
got a better arbitrage opportunity, better funding capability, better rates 
coming from banks, and if they believe that they can run it more 
efficiently, they will buy the vehicle of us, like buses are being run 
today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag from White Pine 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
I only had one question on defense. So if you can indicate, what was the 
revenue from defense or growth Y-o-Y? And more importantly, what 
kind of products we saw because there are multiple products, which we 
now have on plate? And also a road map over the next 12 months to 24 
months, which product basket is likely to see conversion? If you can 
help me with that, it would be helpful. 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. So I mean, as you know, that we have developed a wide variety of 
products now, all within the land mobility scope. But we have a wide 
variety of products. I mean, there are like normal vehicles like stallion 
and now we have some armored vehicles and so on and so forth. So yes, 
I mean, like I said in my opening comments and later even, last year was 
not a good year, but we do expect FY '24 and FY '25 to be very good 
years. There are a lot of discussions going on with Ministry, with the 
Army. There are a lot of tenders that are coming up. There are some that 
we have already won.  

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
So overall, I mean, without disclosing the specific details of what is 
coming up, overall, it seems like we will have a good pipeline on defense 
for at least next couple of years, including this year. 
Chirag: 
Okay. Sir, if I can just clarify. So is it water bowser and stallions that are 
sold or is there more products, which are coming across like whether 
6x6 or... 
Shenu Agarwal: 
It's a variety of products. It's not just one product. It's a variety of 
products. So for example, the previous order that we have won is like 
the gun-towing vehicle. And also, there is some advanced kind of 
development happening on the Stallion, right? So it's like a variety of 
things that are coming up. 
Chirag: 
And sir, just one question, Gopal. If you look at the past historical trends 
from quarter 1 to quarter 4 margin trajectory, if what you are indicating 
plays out on the industry side, we have generally seen 400 bps to 600 
bps sequential margin improvement from Q1 to Q4. Whenever industry 
volumes every quarter, as it keeps on moving up, margin trajectory for 
the industry tends to move up in this bank. Whatever the start point is. 
Except for one year or two years of exceptions where margins were more 
or less stable. 
If that happens, then this year itself, you will end it quite closer to the 
ambition or expiration margins that you have around 15%. Is this the 
right way given the tailwind that you have been highlighting? 
Gopal Mahadevan: You see, this is feasible. We can't comment whether it's going to be 15%, 
16% or no. Let the year go out. All we can tell you is that, I think, for 
probably the first time or maybe once or twice earlier, but we have got 
a 10% margin in Q1. 
Now I just wanted to share an interesting data point, which we didn't 
mention. If you look at Q4 EBITDA, where we had 11% EBITDA being 
posted for the quarter, our revenues were about Rs. 11,626 crores. This 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
quarter, when we have actually done a 10% double-digit EBITDA, just 
1% lower than the sequential quarter, okay, just 1%, the revenues are 
actually Rs. 8,100 crores. Which means, it's roughly 30% lower, but the 
margins have actually not deleveraged that much at all. And that has 
been possible for the reasons of the efforts that the company has taken, 
the pricing that the industry has been able to do, the company has been 
able to roll out, the cost on the material side that has come off. And we 
are also able to rein in our overhead so that you can see the benefits of 
it coming. 
Company will always attempt to perform better than the industry in all 
fronts, whether it is on products, whether it is on market penetration, 
market share, pricing, etc. I think Q4 profitability can be significantly 
enhanced from the Q1 levels. What it is, we'll have to wait and watch. 
Chirag: 
No, fair point. It was more of a direct sale than I was trying to understand 
because that's... 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. One thing I think you need to keep in mind that last year, I mean, 
if you look at our last six years or seven years, we went through two 
migrations on emission norms, the BS III to BS IV and BS IV to BS VI, 
right? And that built up our cost significantly. 
And then you know that we had this unprecedented inflation for about 
six quarters to eight quarters in FY '21 onwards, right? And that 
increased our material cost as a percentage of sales tremendously. So we 
were like in BS III era, roughly around FY '17, FY '18, we were still 
around 69% in material cost as a percentage of sales, which actually 
went up to like roughly around 78% by FY '22 in just a span of six years. 
So inflation and two migrations on emission norms, right? And I think 
what was good about last year, as you know, that industry had a major 
tailwind coming out of COVID and coming out of other factors. 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
So I think, last year was a kind of a typical year where the industry grew 
48% in trucks, even in heavy-duty trucks and even in LCVs. And on top 
of that, there was a very strong price realization benefit that also 
happened. So now just keep in mind that those two things would not 
follow the same path. The industry, we are not saying industry which is 
growing, again grow by 48% in MHCV, we are saying 8% to 10%, on 
last year's pace. And also price realizations would not be to such a high 
extent. 
Now most of the effort going forward, although I'm not saying we will 
not increase the price, we have increased the price in Q1, and we'll look 
at other opportunities whenever they come in. But the effort, I think, the 
focus would be now onwards more on cost reductions than how we can 
reduce our cost. How we can look at value engineering? Because of 
these two migration changes, we have a lot of product -- new product, 
new aggregates that have come into the picture. And there, whenever 
there is a new aggregate, new design, there is a good opportunity to look 
at value engineering there, So I mean, those are the things that we are 
more focused on. Last year was a different year. This year would be 
different factors that would play out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. Over to you. 
Joseph George: 
Hello, Shenu, sir. Would you like to make some closing comments? 
Shenu Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you. So thank you once again, ladies and gentlemen. Q1 has 
been good for Ashok Leyland in terms of MHCV market share gains 
and margins. Even on the LCV front, we had a gain in our market share. 
Overall, a good run continued in Q1 for Ashok Leyland. 
Contribution from defense, LCV, Aftermarket and Power Solutions was 
also very supportive in the overall performance. Revenue mix was also 
very favorable. Price recovery and cost savings went as per our plans, 

 
Ashok Leyland Limited 
 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and doesn't purport to be the verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
and we are quite satisfied with those. With the robust economic growth 
outlook as well as the increased outlay on infrastructure, we expect a 
good demand situation going forward as well. 
Softness on commodity cost is expected to continue for the subsequent 
quarters, which should help with our margins going forward. Given this 
backdrop, we hope to continue with a good run, both on margins and on 
market share. 
Thank you again for the interest shown in Ashok Leyland. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. I would now like to invite Mr. Joseph George 
for his comments. Over to you. 
Joseph George: 
Thank you, Michelle. Thank you, everyone. I would also like to thank 
the entire management team of Ashok Leyland for taking out time. I 
would also like to thank all the participants for joining in. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL 
Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
