 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we wish 
to inform you that the Company participated in the investor conference as given below: 
Date and time 
Type of Meeting / Event 
Location 
July 31, 2023, at 16.00 hours 
onwards 
Investor & Analyst Meet to 
discuss performance for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 
hosted by Go India Advisors 
Conference Call through dial-
in 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared / discussed in the meeting with the investors. 
Further, please see enclosed the transcript of the Investor Presentation for Q1 FY24. 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
For Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
_________________ 
Aniket Hirpara 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543277 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: LXCHEM 
ANIKET 
BAVCHANDB
HAI HIRPARA
Digitally signed by ANIKET BAVCHANDBHAI HIRPARA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=ce5f9dfa97d34eb49e5fb559158177c2, 
2.5.4.20=fed9fc9175122e179cf3cf10ac37b357f4a487a5
9a48cb24f4da181f93558c40, postalCode=401202, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=578ad360ba01564218b7b5de223e94a9
3f822395c169b34d73d690d70b78a1fa, cn=ANIKET 
BAVCHANDBHAI HIRPARA 
Date: 2023.08.02 18:11:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Laxmi Organic Industries Limited  
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI GOENKA – CHAIRMAN – LAXMI ORGANIC 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
DR. RAJAN VENKATESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – LAXMI ORGANIC 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. HARSHVARDHAN GOENKA – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – LAXMI ORGANIC INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. TANUSHREE BAGRODIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LAXMI ORGANIC INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KRUTI PATEL – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Laxmi Organic Industries Q1 FY '24 
Conference Call, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Kruti Patel from Go India Advisors. 
Kruti Patel: 
Thank you, Zico. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the quarter 1 FY '24 earnings call 
of Laxmi Organic Industries Limited. 
We have on the call, Mr. Ravi Goenka, Chairman; Dr. Rajan Venkatesh, MD and CEO; Mr. 
Harshvardhan Goenka, Executive Director; and Ms. Tanushree Bagrodia, Chief Financial 
Officer. We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be, therefore, viewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. 
May I now request Mr. Ravi Goenka to start the call, subsequent to which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. 
Ravi Goenka: 
Thanks very much, Kruti, and a very warm welcome to all of you, our dear investors, esteemed 
colleagues and partners. I essentially appreciate your time, interest and unwavering trust in our 
journey. We recently welcomed Dr. Rajan Venkatesh as our new Managing Director and CEO. 
Dr. Rajan comes with nearly two decades of global experience, having led BASF across 
functions with the last few years leading $1 billion business. I am excited, truly excited to take 
-- to see him take our company towards the next phase of our growth. 
It's no secret today that globally we find ourselves in challenging times. Post-COVID, the 
world has moved from a just-in-case to a just-in-time buying pattern. Therefore, destocking of 
supply chains are impacting the chemical industry tremendously. To top that, the recession in 
Europe isn't helping. But India remains extremely well-positioned. And I am certain that it will 
grow exponentially this decade. 
It seems to be the only silver lining in an otherwise cloudy atmosphere globally. While our 
company is fully prepared to face the current headwinds, we have many growth enablers that 
will propel us forward. And I'm excited to see our company pivot to our new trajectory under 
the able leadership of Rajan. Over to you, Rajan. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Thank you, Ravi, and Namaskaram from my side. This has been a greeting I've been wanting 
to use for many years. I'm glad I'm back home and using that. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
So today, what I would like to take you through is, I would say, two distinct pillars. One is 
after 4 months in Laxmi, my reflections of what has made Laxmi successful. And second is, 
we have also laid out our ambition on our way forward. So those would be the two key 
buckets. 
So let me start by my reflection of what I believe has made Laxmi successful in the past. First, 
when I engaged with the team, when I engaged with our customers, when I engaged with our 
Board members and when I engaged with our stakeholders, the one thing that stands out is, 
Laxmi as a team is exceedingly agile, there is a strong willingness to learn and there is a strong 
eagerness to win. The other element is our customer base. And our customer base is 
exceedingly diversified. And a lot of our actions are customer-led, a lot of the investments 
have been customer-focused. 
So here, I'm also wanting to, in the next step, take you through the presentation that we 
uploaded. And so that's what my first, who we are, a reflection. What we have also done with 
the team is really look across our performance, and for those who are following, this is slide 
number four, over the business cycle. And we have used the acetic acid price as a reference 
over from financial '08 to the current point in time. 
Few key reflections here. Laxmi has always been prudent in the capex and investments and 
acquisitions because we have landed doing that always in the down cycle, be it the acquisitions 
of the Clariant business, be it the Diketene capacity expansions which we did, be it the YCPL 
acquisitions to augment our ETAC capacity or even the acquisition of Miteni from Italy, which 
today forms the bulk of our Fluorine Intermediates. Even our IPO which happened, actually 
happened in a down cycle. So that's a very, very important reflection. 
Second one is, if you really see through the cycle, so we have split it into three between 
financial year '11 to '16, '16 to '21 and '21 to '23 are very distinct business cycles, again, links 
to the acetic acid price. And we have also indicated some macro events like the financial crisis, 
oil crash, COVID impact, economic slowdown, what Ravi alluded to currently. In all of this, 
what stands out for me is our return on capital employed. It's on an average is about 20%. In 
the financial year '16 to '21, it's about 22%, that was our highest. 
And in the financial year, '21 to '23, it's about 18%. But my one disclaimer there is the fact that 
this includes our capex for the future. It includes the capex we have done for Lote, it includes 
the Dahej land acquisitions that we made. Including that, if you take that into perspective, 
that's about 200 basis points. So you would be looking at ROCE about 20% if you were to take 
that out, but we thought in sake of transparency, we make it very, very transparent. 
The other one is we have consistently deleveraged our balance sheet, looking from an average 
debt to equity of 1.06 where we stand today is 0.12%. And I think all of this are testimony to 
the performance of Laxmi and will also set the basis of how we will steer moving ahead. 
Then moving on to slide five is why I believe we are geared to win. On the left-hand side, we 
have attributed our, I would say, key DNA topics. Our global leadership in a range of products; 
the cost leadership across technologies that we are engaging in; the large scale, flexible and 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
safe operations that we have managed; the multiple sites for expansion and business 
continuity, and I will reflect on this in the course of the presentation focusing on Lote and 
Dahej; our well-diversified customer industry, which I alluded to; solid balance sheet, low 
leverage and strong cash flow from existing businesses, which have been referred to in the 
previous calls; an experienced leadership team and an independent eminent Board and trusted 
partners to our customers. So those, I would say, I hope are music to everybody's ears and 
certainly to my ears as I come into Laxmi. 
Our ambition is 4-fold. One is to continue to be in the top 5 in the segments globally. Let me 
give some colour to it. In the Ketene/Diketene space, we are today top 5. With our investment 
road map, we will be top 3. In our acetyls business, and specifically, if you talk about the ethyl 
acetate, we are outside of the top 5. Today, as we speak, we are very, very strong outside. If 
you carve out China, we are again very, very strong. As a supplier to the market, our aspiration 
is to be global top 5. 
If we then -- the other second topic is continue to have leading cost positions. That is our right 
to win for any business. And that has been our right to win in the past, will continue to be the 
right to win in the future. The third element is to balance our export and domestic sales and 
find the healthy balance there. In the past, we have had exports in the range of 30% to 40%. 
With the global supply chains all looking into India, I think we have a great opportunity to 
leverage also on the export story. And last but not the least, is the continued trusted partner of 
choice for our customers. 
What -- in part of our ambition, what we are also leveraging is what we've always oft heard is 
the shifting of the supply chain. I'm coming with this experience, as Ravi said, of leading 
business across Asia Pacific, including China. I've had the opportunity to lead global 
businesses. And post-COVID, certainly, the narrative and the actions that we see from 
stakeholders and customers is very, very strong. They are looking at business continuity as a 
top priority and wanting to set-up a more diversified global footprint. 
And here, India, I remain convinced, has a unique position to play. And Laxmi therein also has 
a unique position to play. We also see a growing end product markets for the industries that we 
serve, both in India and outside. So that's our ambition, 4-fold and leveraging on both the 
macro and the micro trends. 
Now what we have also approached is really looking at our business. What we have really 
strengthened our portfolio when you think about it from chemistries, looking at our production 
capabilities, then going into platforms and then customers. And that we have done because at 
Laxmi, we have always bought in technology, be it the Diketene/Ketene, which I alluded to or 
the Miteni's fluorine chemistry. That has been our strength. So over the path that has been our 
proven success and that has broadened our platform to leverage both on assets and capabilities. 
Now what we did is we basically also took an outside-in approach. When we spoke to our 
customers, what we realized is in the AI, acetyl space, what customers are seeking for most is 
price -- competitive pricing. And what they are seeking for is that the product is delivered in 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
spec, in time and with good quality. While in our Specialty Intermediates and also Fluorine 
Intermediates business, the need and ask from our customers are more on the innovation side 
and needless to say also priority, quality and in-time. Pricing, while important, is not the most 
important decision point. 
So when -- by looking at that, we have also now decided to pivot, build on our strengths, and 
given our breadth in portfolio and land, we want to really start even more from the customer 
interface, bring in the request, look at our platforms, then build up the capability and then bring 
in the product and serve our customers. So that's a very distinct approach we have taken, a 
proven success and pivoting from that building on the customer interface. 
What we have done now -- on slide number seven if you are keeping track, what we have also 
done is really looked at customer interaction models. And there are about 6 distinct customer 
interaction models that are, I would say, oft discussed in this space, on one end of the spectrum 
is a very, very commoditized trader transactional. And on the other end of the spectrum is 
something called value chain integrator where customers come to you and we jointly put the 
acids and make music and money together. 
And when we really map this out across our offerings of Acetyl Intermediates, Specialty and 
Fluorine, what really stands out is the following. The Acetyl Intermediates is in the lean and 
reliable basic supplier space. While our Specialty and Fluorine Intermediates are in the space 
of standard package, product process innovator, customized solution provider and we are 
seeing more and more and ask for value chain integrator. 
So what we have done is really moved forward with 2 distinct business units. The first one we 
call Essentials. This encompasses our Acetyl Intermediates. And we have also included the 
Anhydrides business, which was part of our erstwhile SI portfolio. In this, this is a lean and 
reliable supplier, customer interaction model, a very large global addressable market in excess 
of $12 billion and the assets to win here are economy of scale and cost leadership. 
On the Specialty space, we have decided to steer both and merge the Fluorine and Specialty 
Intermediates under one bucket. This is because we want to leverage scale. And we want to 
leverage, I would say, the interfacing with our customers. So let me give you a very tangible 
example. When we speak to our customers in the pharma domain or agro domain, they are 
already buying Diketene-based chemistries from us, they will buy fluorine-based chemistries. 
They are also buying the acetyl-based chemistries from us. So we are having distinct 
conversation with the same customers. So in the Specialty space, we decided to steer this under 
one bucket. This will provide us world class technology platforms, a large addressable market 
in excess of $3.5 billion. And clearly, innovation continues to be a lever for profitable growth. 
Looking at slide number eight, again, this summarizes, A, again, the Essentials and Specialties 
on the technology platform. In the Essentials, we have the Esterification and acetylation. And 
on the Specialties, we have the Ketene/Diketene, fluorination and we have put new platforms 
because we are seeing exceedingly good interest from multiple customers to come in, and I'll 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
share an example thereafter in the presentation, to really augment and really partner with us 
with new technologies and platforms. And this will be all in the Specialty space. 
In the bottom part is -- the first thing is steering on Essentials and Specialties. And needless to 
say, I'm assuming the question in your mind is what does that mean in our targeted financial 
KPIs? And in our KPIs, we are again, very, very clear in the ambition. For the Essential space, 
our asset turns should be in the range of 3% to 5%, EBITDA margins in the 8% to 12% levels. 
And for the Specialties, the asset turns in the 1 to 2 range and EBITDA margins in the 20% to 
25% range. And which then provides a combined ROCE at a Laxmi Enterprise level of 20%. 
So we see the music in both these verticals, Essentials and Specialties, enabling us as Laxmi to 
continue to deliver 20% ROCE, as we have done in the past, also in the future. 
Ravi alluded to growth enablers, and I will speak about 3 distinct growth enablers. The first 
one is the growth enablation of innovation. As a chemist by myself, obviously, I have a slide 
bias towards this, but I believe a positive bias. What we see here at Laxmi is, we have invested 
upwards of 2% of our Specialty revenues on innovation. And as our revenues in Specialties 
will continue to increase, we are committed to invest 2% of that in innovation and R&D. 
What we are also will continue to strive towards is achieve 20% of our revenues from new 
products in Specialties that have been launched in the last 5 years. Today, as we speak, in our 
Specialty Intermediates portfolio, 25% of our revenue is coming from products that have been 
launched in the last 5 years. In our innovation pipeline, we have 11 products that are in pilot 
and capex approval stage. The Miteni infrastructure and pilot assets is a huge plus for us and 
we will leverage that. And I'm exceedingly proud to announce that the new innovation campus, 
which will start up in Mahape will be up and running by March of 2024. 
The second growth enabler is our manufacturing sites. As I would say, for the software, this is 
our hardware. The hardware here, as you all know, we have Mahad, 2 sites. A land parcel of 
45 acres, land occupancy of 90%, product mix, Essentials and Specialties is 60-40. Lote, our, I 
would say, a baby that is growing up with some growing up pains, but land parcel of 30 acres.  
And as we complete our Phase 1 capex for Lote, the land occupancy will be 50% and a mix of 
primarily Specialties. And Dahej, which is a baby, which has just born and we are looking 
forward to build this up strong, a land parcel of 86 acres. And you will see our plans for Dahej 
with a product mix of Specialty to Essential 65% to 35%. If I reflect, both Dahej and Lote's, 
will be scalable brownfield sites which will enable us growth in the future. 
The third enabler is the element of our networks and alliances. And what do I imply by that? 
We have an exceedingly -- we are blessed, as Ravi always says, to have an exceedingly great 
Board of Directors. And I'm not reading all the names here. These people come who the who's 
who in both in the chemical space, come with deep innovation experience. Mr. Manish 
Chokhani is a very well-known figure in the circles; Mr. Bundellu, Sangeeta. So this is a 
network we have at the Board level. And needless to say, my management team is also coming 
with a very, very strong mix of experience and execution. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
I want to also place something here which I heard last time, and I want to share this very 
transparently. The average tenure in my management team as we execute on these plans is 5 
years minimum. We have our heads of manufacturing, our heads of R&D, who have been 
upward of 5 years. We have the business heads who are in the range of 5 years. In fact, 
Tanushree and me in some ways are new kids on the block to Laxmi. 
I also believe -- so those are the 3 enablers. I also believe for any organization to achieve, 
ambition is the value system. And in Laxmi, we have 4 distinct values we will leverage on; 
integrity, innovation, customer centricity and sustainability. I think I have given a little more 
colour on those and we'll not go through that in detail, but these will be the things we will live 
on to achieve and deliver on our ambition. 
Now on slide number 13, which is talking about the business update for the site at Lote. The 
cost to complete, as it stands, is INR550 crores. And this, we have got full clarity because we 
have opened up all the containers, we have done the health check-up of all the equipment that 
has reached our stores and there is nothing there in Italy at this point of time. So INR550 
crores is the hardwired number that we know we will commit and that will give us all elements 
of EHS that we can run this site in the future and also provide the right platform. 
The project has had delays, has had cost over-runs. There are various reasons; the COVID 
restrictions, the freight cost, but we now remain exceedingly confident in what we are 
establishing in Lote. We are, in fact, on the infrastructure and utilities also geared up for future 
expansion. And as I said, 50% of the land is available for expansion. Timelines, financial year, 
this year is complete commissioning and sampling. Financial year '25 is ramp-up of 
production. 
I hope you will also be excited to hear the first wins. We have successfully established quality 
and norms of our first products. We have qualification quantities of a new agro intermediate 
supplied to an innovator company for their product launch in 2026. And we have signed with 
an MNC to add more technology beyond Miteni with the buyback supply agreement, which I 
believe this is just the tip of the iceberg, as they say, there is more to come. 
When we talk about the Dahej, also super-excited to share that the Board has approved the 
largest investment that Laxmi has put on the ground of INR710 crores over the next 3 years. 
What are we leveraging here? Again, let me repeat myself. Shifting of the supply chain, China 
Plus One, growing end products market and growth of the Indian market. This is India's 
decade, as Ravi said, I am 100% convinced about that. The onus of responsibility is on us. 
Of the INR710 crores, we plan to cover about 20% of the land parcel of 86 acres. This is also 
very strongly driven by customer requests, customer growth and business continuity from what 
our customers seek. I'm also thrilled to share, we already have the first customer-led project 
signed for Dahej. We will leverage economies of scale both on the make and the buy side. And 
our product portfolio will encompass the Specialties, Diketene and Ketene derivatives; and 
Essentials, Esters, Anhydrides and Aldehydes derivatives. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
So before I hand it over to Tanushree on quarter 1, let me just take away summarize. We are 
geared to win, ladies and gentlemen. We have the ingredients in place of know-how, 
connection, facilities, space and management. We are always invested at the cyclic bottom, 
that's exactly what we are doing. We will have differentiated steering and differentiated KPIs 
for the business units. And we are committed to continue making 20% ROCE across the 
business cycle. 
With that, I will pass it over to Tanushree, just a few words before quarter 1 is what she will 
share. You will hear the quarter 1 performance also linking to what you heard from Ravi. 
Obviously, the markets are a bit cloudy. It's a mystery out there. But as they also say, in every 
challenge remains an opportunity. And that is what I believe that we should tap into. While 
quarter 1 numbers are panned out, quarter 2 looks a little more challenging where we are 
having customers also seeking us, postponing some of our deliveries, but we are also hearing 
from customers that the demand has not vanished. It's more a calibration year. 
With that, I hand it over to Tanushree. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Before we discuss the financial numbers, I think it's 
important to shed some light on how our volumes have performed overall as a company and 
for the business unit, because at the end of the day, it is the volumes that results into the 
financial performance of the company. 
At the company level, the absolute volumes sold increased 5% quarter-on-quarter and 9% 
year-on-year. Within each of the BUs as well, which is Essential and Specialties, the sales 
volumes increased. In Essentials, the quarter-on-quarter sales volumes grew in line with the 
company at 5% quarter-on-quarter and 9% year-on-year. In Specialties, the quarter-on-quarter 
sales volume grew by 6%, while the year-on-year sales volumes grew by 15%. The year-on-
year growth in Specialties comes on the back of the capitalization that were completed in the 
last fiscal. 
Looking at the financial performance. The increase in volumes ensures that year-on-year the 
top-line remained intact. Q1 FY '24 consolidated revenue of INR737.5 crores was only 3% 
lower than that of Q1 FY '23, while versus the immediately preceding quarter of Q4 FY '24, 
the consolidated revenue was flat. At an EBITDA level, the consolidated EBITDA of INR81.3 
crores was 21% lower than quarter 1 of FY '23, which is primarily driven by the changes in 
inventory. In Q1 FY '23, the inventory increased by INR48 crores roughly, INR47.5 crores to 
be precise, while in Q1 FY '24 the inventory reduced by INR12.8 crores. 
Other expenses have come down by 15% year-on-year. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the 
EBITDA was 26% higher, largely driven by the lower expenses that you can see on the other 
expenses and once again the lower change in inventories. Driven by the EBITDA and the 
higher depreciation, profit after-tax at the company level was INR38.3 crores, which is 41% 
lower on a year-on-year basis. But on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it was almost 60% higher. 
If we look at the business unit level, the revenue contribution of Essentials is at 67% of the 
company, which is comparable at 65% for the full year of FY '23. These numbers are realigned 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
to factor in the new business unit where the Essentials business unit now factors in the 
Anhydrides in addition to the previous product. The Specialties BU contributed 33% of the 
overall company revenue, which is once again similar to the full year of FY '23. 
On the EBITDA front, Specialties continues to be close to 70% contributor to the overall 
company EBITDA, while Essentials continues to be around 30%. With the capacity addition 
and change in product mix, the contribution margin percentage for Specialties grew 18% in Q1 
FY '24 versus full year FY '23 like-for-like. The consolidated cash flow from operations for Q1 
FY '24 was at INR172 crores versus INR250 crores for the full year of FY '23. This is a 
significant improvement overall for the company. And along with the low leverage of 0.2x, it 
further strengthens the financial position of the company. 
With this, I would like to hand back the call to Mr. Ravi Goenka. 
Ravi Goenka: 
Thank you for your patience hearing and happy to take this forward on the Q&A session and 
answer any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Amar Maurya from AlfAccurate Advisors Private Limited. 
Amar Maurya: 
So first question is, did I hear correctly, volume growth on a year-over-year basis is something 
9% for Essential and 15% for Specialty, right? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. So what would be the utilization for both these BUs? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So our Essentials BU always runs at the maximum possible utilization. And as far as the 
Specialty goes, like I said, the 15% year-on-year volume growth also comes from the fact that 
we had two large capitalizations that came in FY '23. 
Amar Maurya: 
Correct. So what would be the utilization now for the overall BU, Specialty? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So Amar, just to give it more colour, the Essentials vertical like in most businesses is a 
continuous process. So you run it at high utilizations. So as Tanushree explained, so I must say 
-- sorry, Rajan here first, so that you're hearing my voice maybe for the first time here. So 
again, Essentials' focus is really economy of scale, leveraging the economy of scale. While in 
the Specialty vertical, these are batch processes and multi-step plans and reaction. So 
utilization is not the necessary tipping point. It is the complexity that you are steering through 
those assets. And the Dahej investment is really triggered because we are at a cusp where there 
is a lot more Dil Maange More from customers. And today, we are at a point that we are not 
able to service all the needs. 
Amar Maurya: 
Correct. So why I was asking like what I understand is that the last two capex which we had 
done was largely more of a backward integration and which were likely to add more to the 
profitability and less to the margin. So that is why I was asking like what would be the 
utilization in that context? 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Harsh will jump into the last two capex since you asked that. 
Harshvardhan Goenka: 
Amar, Harsh here. So the utilizations have remained fairly good for the new assets as well. But 
yes, the overall Specialty concept of utilization I think is well shared. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, was there any Fluorine Specialty FI revenue in this quarter booked? 
Harshvardhan Goenka: 
No. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. So basically the commissioning will start by, let's say, fourth quarter or it will -- 
everything will come in FY '25? 
Ravi Goenka: 
So Amar, as we have stated, commissioning has already happened. We have got the first 
products on spec. This year, we'll go in doing the same for all our initial phase of products and 
the sampling of that will also happen within this year. Large revenues and ramp up will 
actually get delivered to the P&L next year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks Dr. Rajan for your oversight -- insight in terms of how the business is going to pan 
across the two verticals. I'm just trying to delve into those tiers. So from an RM inflation 
perspective, erstwhile, we have the AI and SI business wherein AI was more immediate RM 
pass-through and we were making typical margins at the commoditized margins there. How 
should one look at both Specialty and Essentials from an RM inflation perspective -- pass-
through perspective, and let's say, a short-term, long-term contract, how we look now? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Good. Thanks for the question. I think you've sort of hit the hammer on the nail. So obviously, 
the Essentials part -- and that's why when we were sharing in slide number four, really over the 
business cycle is what you see our acetic acid as a base and what our performance has been. So 
let's delve a little more details into that, right? 
Prior to the financial year '16, what you really saw was a stronger contribution coming in from 
our erstwhile AI portfolio, the acetyls portfolio. And post financial year '15-'16 as we ramped 
up all the capabilities that we achieved from Clariant and we further augmented is where we 
have seen the kicking in on the Specialties. And that's what is really driving the EBITDA, and 
also as you can see, the ROCE on that element. 
So yes, in the acetyls or the Essential space, there is a closer link up, and that's also what we 
shared. If you refer to that triangle, on pricing and product, while on the Specialties space, the 
linkage per se to raw material. So for example, we don't have any cost plus formulas per se that 
we will throw out in the Specialties, right? In the Essentials space, that's what we would sort of 
leverage into. I would say, if you want to make it black and white, obviously, there's a gray 
area, but broadly. So that's what I would answer that question with. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Fair enough. Second bit on that regulation capex that you mentioned, the revised was at 
around INR5.5 billion. And obviously, there is a significant sort of cost over-run and time 
delays, etcetera there. If I look at our numbers, the aggregate gross loss for last year is INR10 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
billion, on which we have made -- we have generated a decent ROCE. But given the cost over-
run, your medium-term thoughts in terms of maintaining the 20% ROCE at a company level, 
does it imply that incremental business that we are doing in fluorination will be much, much 
margin-accretive to compensate for the capex overall? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So first, let me restate our element and then I'll have Tanushree also jump in. So what we said 
was, in this first phase of bringing all the Miteni assets into India and establishing, as you have 
correctly pointed out, there has been a capex escalation. And as we stated, INR550 crores is -- 
we know is the final number. And the peak revenues that we can envisage from the Miteni 
asset base is INR210 crores. And that's why I also put in the timelines. This year, 
commissioning and sampling. Second -- next year is ramp up. And our aspiration and ambition 
remains that the financial year '26 we are closer to achieving the peak revenues from the 
Miteni assets. 
So yes, capex has increased. But I think at this point of time, from the Miteni assets, obviously, 
we are not seeing more, I would say, opportunities. But that being said, and that's why I also 
alluded to in slide number 13, what we have been able to do is really sign a new opportunity 
with another MNC beyond the Miteni technology, which we are then able to do in our Lote 
set-up, and that is where I believe the value add is. And Lote, as it stands today, we are 
investing in additional infrastructure and utilities, keeping in mind future expansions and 
investments since 50% of the land is available. And these next blocks of investments that we 
do is where, for a lack of a better word, I always like to say where the music is with regard to 
the profitability. 
Ankur Periwal: 
That's helpful. And last, if I may. Since you mentioned that on a sequential basis, probably Q2 
looks like slightly soft because of the global macro challenges. Just focusing on the Specialty 
vertical here, so from a market share gain perspective, especially in the SI business, how these 
things look not only from a ramp up in the two new projects that we have capitalized, but also 
on the existing ones? 
Harshvardhan Goenka: 
Ankur, Harsh here. So Ankur, broadly, the market share of our Specialty does not change. We 
are seeing headwinds where the supply chains of various customers have sort of shifted. As the 
Chairman was referring to, it's more just-in-time as opposed to just-in-case. So you had almost 
all of that fact in the supply chain coming off, but end market demand still remains there. So 
it's more about that. Our market shares are not really impacted. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And Harsh, if I may, just follow-up on that. The leaning of the supply chain or let's say 
inventory in the system, do you expect this to come back to normal maybe once macro is 
stabilized or probably this is a new world that we live in? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So maybe let me throw some colour on this because this is really from the customers' mouth. 
We were talking to one of our key customers who is engaged in the agro space. Beyond the 
just-in-case and just-in-time, what was -- what he or she was also alluding is agro per se saw, 
and I would say, a significant double-digit growth, which if you compare with a normalized 
growth which is in the range of 3% to 4%, was an outlier. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
So the feedback the customer provided us is, obviously, this outlandish or outlier growth are 
moderating and it would normalize to the normal growth pattern. So I think the positive 
element in that is the growth still persists, but it will not be from the outlier growth that we 
have experienced in the COVID and just immediate COVID years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So my first question is on the Diketene business. [Inaudible 0:40:35] the new Diketene plant of 
one of your domestic competitors has ramped up quite well. So have you seen any impact on 
our business howsoever small it might be in terms of the market share? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Let me again try and give some colour to it because this is what I tried to gleam out regarding 
our business first. When we acquired Clariant's Diketene chemistry, that came with a portfolio 
of about 8 products. Today, as we stand, we have 50-plus products that we are leveraging off 
that chemistry. So while I don't think I'm privy to talk about competitors, but I think I can 
proudly share our strength and our right to win. And that is what is giving us the confidence to 
also further expand at Dahej with these chemistries. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay. My second question is on the chemicals business. So if I heard you correctly, you said 
the top-line of INR210 crores on your INR550 crores investment, which is less than 0.4x asset 
turns and which could imply much lower return ratios versus your peers in the fluorination 
space. So your thoughts on the same? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So let me start and then I will have Tanushree or Harsh step in. So first and foremost, the 
INR550 crores is the number that we are grappling with. When we started off on this journey, 
we did not envisaged the INR550 crores. Obviously, we are openly acknowledging there were 
certain curveballs which were in our sphere of control and outside, like COVID restrictions, 
like the rise in freight costs and the additional capex we are bringing to bring the entire site to a 
very strong EHS standard, because one needs to bear in mind, fluorine comes with a certain 
premium of how you run your site in a safe and reliable manner. 
So yes, the INR550 crores versus INR210 crores looks skewed, but that's where it is. But that 
the -- as I said, the story does not end there. For us, we are seeing this as an important nucleus 
that we can further expand on. And beyond just the talk, the conversations and the conversions 
we have had, as I shared openly, with 2 of these customers is giving us a great deal of 
confidence that our wave 2, wave 3 of capex, that we will make in Dahej. In Lote we'll be 
significantly more value accretive. And as I've said, the run rate that we are aspiring for with 
our ambition in the Specialties is in the range of 1% to 2% to the capex that we employ. And 
Tanushree wants to add. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Yes. Nitesh, I think if you look at it from a point in time, yes, you are right that the asset turns 
look subdued and the returns look subdued. But I think I will request you to take a look at this 
from the perspective of 2 perspectives, right? A, this is, like Rajan also mentioned, it includes 
infrastructure and utilities from a future-looking point of view. So what will be the business 
with and without this investment. And given that we've already given you a ROCE of about 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
20% is what we target, that should actually tell you that the future plans for this will mean that 
this business starts to deliver what is expected to deliver. 
The second is, if you look at our own history, and that's there on the slide that is there as well, 
the ROCEs were subdued. The EBITDAs were subdued even in the initial phases of our 
Diketene business coming in together. And as time has passed, you've seen how the benefits 
have come about, right? We are seeing an 18% growth in contribution margins of Specialties 
just year-on-year when we've had 2 more backward integration. So I think we've got to keep a 
journey in mind and not look at it from a point in time perspective. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Fair enough. Just as a follow-up on this. Can I have the cash capex outlay for '24 -- FY '24, '25 
and maybe '26 if you already have that laid out? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Nitesh, a couple of things. We've said INR710 crores in Dahej over a period of 3 years. 
We've told you that there is INR550 crores that we are looking at Lote. There is no major 
capex that is planned in this financial year for our current Unit 1 and Unit 4 because we did 2 
strong capitalizations just last year. So I think that gives you a fair picture of what we are 
doing in FY '24, '25 and '26. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So Lote INR550 crores, of this, a substantial part would have already been done, as I 
understand or am I wrong in my assessment? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
No, you're absolutely right that a substantial piece of it is already done. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Okay. So broadly, can we take an evenly spread out capex cash outflow for say around 
INR300 crores for the next 3 years? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
I think for your modeling perspective, if you want to take a INR300 crores to INR350 crores, 
that's fine. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Given that the fluorochemical investment hasn't ramped up now, there is a considerable delay 
in terms of the ramp up there. And on top of it, you're planning a INR700 crores-plus kind of 
an investment. Any possibility of any excessive on the balance side? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Any what on the balance sheet? 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Any stress on the balance sheet side given the environment that we are in especially? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Nitesh, we are 0.2x levered. Our cash flow from operations has been improving quarter-on-
quarter, year-on-year. I think from a balance sheet stress point of view, we are actually in a 
very, very robust position. And this is also reflected in our credit rating of AA- with a positive 
outlook. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Chintan Patel from Abans Investment Managers.  
Chintan Patel: 
So there has been a lower pricing as well as some bit of China dumping impacting the global 
demand. So what is our action plan to mitigate this risk? We're historically doing the export of 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
almost 30% to 40% of the total revenue. So how do you see the growth in the export market? 
And recently, you announced the capex of INR700 crores. Already we spent around INR550 
crores on Miteni. So how will the capex get you the desired returns going forward in the 
current environment? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So I hear three questions in one. So that's very smartly played. So I think let's maybe not tackle 
all, but let's tackle the pressing topics on your mind. First is really looking at the China 
element of where we are seeing. What I could lean from your question, how is the China 
surplus potentially impacting us. So the first is, really, we are very clear with our right to win.  
Tanushree, in her narrative for our Q1 performance, shared with you our volume growth. So 
that already I believe should give you confidence that we are gaining market share in our 
Essentials vertical domestically. We are also gaining -- we have also shown market growth in 
our Specialty verticals. So that for me, and I hope gives you also comfort that we have a right 
to win and we know how to win. So that's the first part of your question. 
The second one I think was about the capex outlay. And I think Tanushree just answered the 
same to the other colleague who had asked the question about the capex outlay. I have laid out 
our clear ambition for the Specialty that -- how the ROCE that we want to achieve the turns, 
asset turns and also the EBITDA percentages that we want to achieve. So I hope that is also an 
answer. We do not post numbers out lightly. So we have our homework done. And on the 
capex outlay, I think Tanushree already alluded to it. 
What was your third question that you so smartly positioned, if you might -- if you can just 
remind me? 
Chintan Patel: 
So how do you see the export market? And what is the growth potential in the export market? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Right. So as you said, if you saw the presentation in the SRM, the market opportunity for us in 
the Specialties is upward of INR3.5 billion and in the Essentials space up to INR10 billion. 
That's one. That's the opportunity out there in our verticals. That being said, at this point of 
time, we are seeing softness in demand in Europe, which we cannot certainly run away from.  
And that's why also if you see the slide that we have provided, we do see certain exports, 
especially on our Essentials vertical where we are actually consciously stepping back from the 
exports, while on the Specialties, we continue to be on a decent run. 
Chintan Patel: 
And sir, payback period on the Dahej facility? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So payback, again, I think as I said, this is what we have shared with you is a 5-year plan and 
we anticipate to have a ROCE of 20% across the Essentials and Specialties at an enterprise 
level. So I know -- I hope that gives you a great confidence in that we know what we're doing 
here. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Sir, you talked about China dumping of the excess capacity, like last participant touched upon 
that. So can you give some colour how the things are shaping up from here now? And how the 
things are looking to you in respect of the global markets as well as India, like China dumping 
in the market, so prices of the chemicals are falling? So how do you look at it from the sector 
point of view? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
I think one is, the Chairman really kept it in perspective. The overall scenario on the chemicals 
with all the destocking that is happening, there is certainly the weakness in the overall space. 
That is point number one. The point number two, I think I hope you all understand that when 
we talk about India chemical demand, we are just about 1/10 of China. And China, today as we 
speak, is somewhere between 40% to 45% of the global chemical market. So one cannot not 
think about what happens in China. So all the questions coming that way are pertinent. 
The important thing is what are we doing as Laxmi? And for me, the biggest testament is that 
you are also able to play the volume lever. And that is what we have been able to share with 
you that in quarter 1 and also last year, we have grown our volume share. We have done 
capex-exs. We have leveraged on that capex-exs. And that is what I believe that we will focus 
on is what is our right to win with a stronger customer proximity and also taking conscious 
call, like I just shared with the other colleagues, that we have taken a slightly nuanced position 
for our exports to Europe in Essentials because we felt there was no point in losing money in 
that context. 
I hope this -- I am able to give you a little more on that colour. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
So that thing I understand, means the Laxmi is obviously going good. But the thing is, we are 
continuously talking about China Plus One from a sector point of view. But now the things are 
looking quite different, like China dumping of the excess capacity. So where is that China Plus 
One advantage? And from where that advantage will come to us, sir? So that's what I was 
targeting. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Okay, understood. I think the advantage simply comes from a customer perspective in a very 
simplistic level, right? And as I come from a company which is globally steered. And when I 
speak to our customers. And specifically, I also gave you very tangible examples that we have 
actually pinned up customers both for our Lote and also Dahej projects. 
That already gives me a great deal of confidence that customers, A, are cognizant about they 
need to switch, but at the same point of time, we have to be competitive. Nobody is going to 
pay you a huge premium, let's be very clear. But they are willing to play, I would say, strategic 
premiums. And that is what we are seeing. And that is what I believe as India we should 
leverage. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sir, on the FI business, if you would like to probably give your thoughts on from a competitive 
dynamics perspective, how was Laxmi's positioning versus the more established peers? What 
is going to be our USP over the next 3 to 5 years in the space? 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Sure. So Nitin, Laxmi's positioning versus peers, let's start from where and why we did Miteni. 
A lot of customers came to us who we were doing various contract manufacturing projects for 
and requested for the fluorine molecule to be part of several new products. And rather than 
have us rent the wheel and build out a specialty chemical fluorinated business, we said let's go 
for a joint venture acquisition, which is how Miteni came into the fray. 
Several of our peers have started the journey with refrigerant gases and progress to specialty 
chemicals in fluorine. Miteni has started with specialty chemicals exclusively. And several of 
the technologies that Miteni has are not currently present with our peer set. So there is a 
differentiated technology approach and fluorination remains one of the steps in several what 
we are trying to do in our erstwhile FI segment. An example of that is for electrochemical 
fluorination, which is completely new and unique to India. 
But secondly, I don't think India is competing within itself. The overall target market of 
fluorinated chemicals is very large and there's adequate opportunity for all of us to take. So 
that is really the strategy which we are going for, how can we be a partner to several global 
players and not really playing within and impacting ourselves. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question of our question and answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ravi Goenka for closing comments. 
Ravi Goenka: 
Thank you everybody. I do hope this session has been informative, transparent and very 
accretive to all of you. Please do feel free to get in touch with us for any other clarifications 
that you may need. And I am very confident -- that I have never been more confident than 
today of our company's preparedness not only to handle the headwinds today, but also to pivot 
to our new orbit and our new trajectory. 
And somebody had asked why India? I think India's time is there in the chemical industry for 
this decade. We have IP protection. You would have heard the Finance Minister announced 
that the PLI scheme will be coming in for chemicals. And we have a local consumption where 
I believe truly the opportunity is there for large scale capex-exs in the Indian chemical space. 
Thank you very much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if your questions were unanswered, you can go ahead and 
contact Go India Advisors and they will revert back to you. Thank you very much. On behalf 
of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
