 
 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra 
Financial Services Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 4th Floor, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg,  
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
 
Tel:     +91 22 66526000 
Fax:    +91 22 24984170 
           +91 22 24984171        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4th August 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, (Scrip Code: 532720) 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy 
Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., (Symbol: M&MFIN) 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, “G” Block, 
Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra 
(East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, 28th July 2023 
 
Further to our letter(s) dated 20th July 2023, 28th July 2023 and 29th July 2023, and in compliance with 
Regulation 30, Schedule III, Part A, Para A (15)(b)(ii) and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, 28th July 2023 at 6.00 p.m. (IST) 
and concluded at 7:00 p.m. (IST). 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Conference Call can also be accessed on the following link: 
https://www.mahindrafinance.com/media/395015/transcript_earnings-call_q1f24.pdf 
 
This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website in compliance with Regulation 30(8) and 
46(2)(oa)(ii) of the Listing Regulations at: 
https://mahindrafinance.com/investors/disclosures-reg-46-62/investor-information#corporate-filings  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Brijbala Batwal 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosure: As above 
BRIJBALA 
MOHANLAL 
BATWAL
Digitally signed by 
BRIJBALA MOHANLAL 
BATWAL 
Date: 2023.08.04 
15:05:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited  
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
MR. RAMESH IYER:       
 VICE-CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. RAUL REBELLO:  
 EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MD & CEO – DESIGNATE 
 
MR. VIVEK KARVE: 
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. DINESH PRAJAPATI:        HEAD  - ACCOUNTS, TREASURY, & CORPORATE AFFAIRS 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
 
 
  
MR. ANUJ SINGLA:  
  BANK OF AMERICA SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
This call is not for media representatives or Bank of America Investment Bankers or commercial 
bankers, including corporate and commercial FX. All such individuals are instructed to 
disconnect now. A replay will be available for Bank of America investment bankers and 
commercial bankers, including corporate and commercial FX. The replay is not available to the 
media. 
Good Evening and welcome to Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference all. This call will be recorded, and the recording will be made public by 
the company pursuant to its regulatory obligations. Certain personal information such as your 
name and organization may be asked during the call. If you do not wish for it to be disclosed, 
please immediately discontinue this call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone 
phone. 
I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Anuj Singla from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Singla: 
Good Evening everyone. This is Anuj Singla from Bank of America Securities. Thank you very 
much for joining us for the Mahindra Finance call to discuss 1Q FY24 earnings. To discuss the 
earnings, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Ramesh Iyer – Vice Chairman and Managing Director, 
Mr. Raul Rebello – Managing Director & CEO Designate, Mr. Vivek Karve – Chief Financial 
Officer- Financial Services Sector, and Mr. Dinesh Prajapati – Head of Accounts, Treasury, and 
Corporate Affairs. Thank you very much for the opportunity to host you. I now invite Mr. Iyer 
for his opening remarks post which we will open the floor for Q&A. With that, over to you, Mr. 
Iyer. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Welcome everyone. Thank you for this opportunity. I think all of you must have seen our results 
in the numbers which must be with you already by now. I think a few good things as we kind of 
begin. 1) I would think since I have been associated from the inception, this is the first time 
where we see the Stage-1II number in the first quarter is actually lower than even the March end 
number. And that's very very unusual for this business because we have always believed that the 
first and second quarters for the rural, the market that we largely represent, always has not too 
much of activity with the monsoons; starts with the heavy summer, moves to monsoon until the 
festival season begins to happen from end September, maybe early October. Things then start to 
begin, and therefore, we always have seen that pressure. Unlike ever before, I think we have 
seen this number both in Stage-1 and Stage-2 reflecting good holding up. And that is nothing 
but a clear reflection of the economic activity out there leading to good cash flows. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
2) I think the other good thing that we saw also was that the disbursement for this quarter at a 
Rs. 12,000+ crores number is a very very high disbursement considering that we ended the fourth 
quarter on a very high note even at the overall industry out there. And that gives us clear 
happiness to also state that we have gained market share in the product lines that we are in. More 
than that, in spite of all the competition out there trying to do various things, I think our reach, 
our relationship, and our customer retention approach, all of that is producing the required results 
that we are looking for. 
I think there was always this question on the pricing possibilities and the pricing pressure. Happy 
to state again that at every stage that we have tried to push up the rate a little. It has got accepted 
at the market. Therefore, in spite of, again, competition both at product level and at finance level, 
we have not seen too much of pressure on the ability to pass on price. While you see a little 
compression to our NIMs, that is more caused by us having borrowed fresh money for 
disbursements. And when we reprice our liability, it comes at a new rate, and it does take a lag 
for us to be able to pass on. 
Also, our initiative of focusing on pre-owned vehicles as an initiative including pre-owned 
tractors is yielding good results, and we are able to see numbers move up in that direction. 
Also, in the Prime X segment that we keep talking of, in that market as well as in the semi-urban 
market, when we start looking for customers from a segment higher than the segment that we 
were earlier operating in, there was always this question about how competitive we would be 
and what are the possibilities. And if some of you may recall our past discussion that when we 
have a 30% to 35% market share in the case of Maruti and in the rural market, we have a 12% 
to 15% kind of market share, I think it makes a big difference when we negotiate with the dealer 
to say when we are in a certain segment, we also need to get a certain other segment and we 
have been able to penetrate through that. They definitely come at margins different from the earn 
& pay segment, but they also come at a much low cost of operation and a much low credit cost. 
So, we are also building a book of way forward which qualitatively will not only be different 
but also has an ability to give the margins because of the low cost of operations and the low 
credit cost. 
From an overall demand perspective, I think we are continuing to see the demand holding up, 
but at the same time, we are conscious of the fact that we also see the OEM's ability to supply 
more vehicles, and therefore, some inventory build-up at the dealership is seen. But at this stage, 
dealers still believe it as positive because these stocks are necessary for the coming festival 
season. Therefore, they see that more as a positive at this stage. 
The overall economic activity on all fronts, whether it is people movement, tourism, the 
infrastructure side, the road, all of these projects are in full swing. Therefore, we see excellent 
cash flow position on the ground. We all started the year with a little fear expressed about how 
the monsoons would pan out to be. But as we speak, and all of us are exposed to this number, I 
think the monsoon spread has been pretty decent and all the relevant states have got decent 
monsoon, and therefore, the belief is very clearly one would see good yields coming out. And 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
with the election year ahead of us, we also believe the support price would be good. So, for a 
business like ours, which is dependent on intra cash flow, people movement cash flow, tourism, 
and farm cash flow, we are very very excited that what we see on the ground makes us believe 
that our strategy that we put out in 2022 that by 2025, we will be of a certain size, of a certain 
return, and of a certain quality does not seem to be a difficult task in hand for us. 
We remain invested well in our project Udaan, which is the transformation project, which looks 
at new initiatives on the digital front, new initiatives on the people front and the process front. 
And we are progressing very very well on that. And we are almost on schedule for getting the 
benefits of it. Like we have stated this before, while it may bring in some cost as we implement 
this, but the benefit that we would get on implementation of this project will be 
disproportionately beneficial so that we would rather call it an investment at this stage and not a 
cost at this stage. But nevertheless, it will come in with some cost which will start showing the 
benefits around all of this. 
Our importance to the OEM partners that we work with stays very very high. We have been 
having strategic meetings with all the OEM partners and we do get a lot of information and 
insights which makes us an important partner for all of them. 
If I put, therefore, all of this together and as I said, for the first time ever in the history, we have 
seen the first quarter showing this kind of quality numbers and we continue to believe that this 
would be the trend going forward. And with our forecast of how we see the second half with a 
good festival season leading into good harvest, I think we are in a great place for us to repeat 
our past performance that we saw even in the previous years. The cost of borrowing, our belief, 
is not going to come down in a hurry. While all of us know it is not moving up any further 
maybe, but we are not hoping on the cost of funds to come down to be able to make better 
margins. Therefore, our margins will come from our pricing ability and the product mix change 
that we are envisaging to protect the margins going forward. 
As I said, the little dip that you must have seen in this quarter is more caused by we borrowing 
a little more and replacing our maturing liability. And as we start moving the price up for our 
new disbursements and as we mix the product with more of even pre-owned vehicles, etc., we 
would see improvement to that happen as well. 
There are some specific actions that we have put in place, and we are working on it to bring 
down our OpEx on an overall basis. While we are seeing some initial trends of that benefit, but 
I think that exercise is still not over and not complete in itself, and we have identified certain 
specific areas that we need to work on. And the project Udaan that I was referring to addresses 
our process deep. Therefore, a reengineered process with use of better technology is what 
eventually will help us also bring down the cost. 
We are sufficiently capitalized, and therefore, there is no need for us to at this stage look at any 
capital raise or whatever. Also, since we were AAA rated a little while ago, we are able to see 
opening up of new avenues of our ability to raise money. While we have never had a situation 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
where raising liquidity was an issue, but nevertheless, it's happy when we look at we get more 
revenues from where liquidity could be raised and even getting money for a little more long term 
possibilities. 
Putting all of this together, we feel that we are at the right place, and all corrective actions have 
already been initiated and put in place. Most of them are already working for us. Therefore, 
going ahead we are very very positive of where we see all of this leading to. 
The management team is in place. While we have made some new additions to our management 
team, but now most of them have been with us definitely for more than 2 years close to, and 
therefore, they are also all well in place not just to understand this business, but also to have a 
good cultural integration into the organization and contribute by their experience that they come 
with from different institutions. Therefore, that adds to the additional benefit of relooking at this 
model in a different direction. 
I would only request on one thing as I close, which is, you must have seen the news on the 
acquisition of some holding by the parent in the RBL Bank and we would not be able to add any 
value to any questions that may come in that direction because it's purely a corporate action. 
And I would honestly submit and request that we avoid spending any time around that because 
we would not be having any answers to any of your questions that you may have except that I 
can tell you that this is purely a corporate action, and you would have seen a stock exchange 
announcement by M&M on this. 
With that, I will kind of stop here and invite questions with clearly leaving a positive outcome 
that what we see in this quarter gives us a lot of happiness to believe that the following quarters 
would only be better than what we are seeing. Over to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Manish Ostwal: 
I have a couple of questions on quarter 1 numbers. First, on the margin side, you said there is 
some cost increase and loan mix impacted the margin this quarter, and with a lag effect, the 
margin may improve. Secondly, the margin guidance which we have given long term is 7.5%. 
Just because the price action in the coming quarters will take the margin to that level or how do 
you see the margin in the rest of the current financial year? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
As you are also aware, once we start putting out a new price, you don't get the benefit 
immediately. But clearly, visibility-wise you will see it move upward. And we do hope that as 
we close the year, we are able to get very close to those numbers. Honestly, 7.5 when one puts 
out, you don't expect the cost of borrowing to remain this high. And while we believe that the 
cost of borrowing may not come down, but if we are lucky and the cost of borrowing also starts 
to come down, definitely you will see that margin move in that direction. But purely by pricing 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
and with this being the cost, I'm afraid that we may not be wanting to believe that it will reach 
7.5 so fast. But clearly the cost of borrowing will as well come down and the two together will 
help us. And as I also added, we are kind of looking at more pre owned vehicle as an improved 
growth story for us and that should also help us in the improvement of margin. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Secondly, Sir, I was looking the Slide #8 and the 22 where eight we have mentioned the 
collection efficiency 94%. And if I look at the on YoY basis, there's no improvement even if I 
look at the full year performance of last year, the collection effects in 96%, I understand the 
seasonality of the business but despite of the recovery in the market which is reflecting your loan 
growth and the vehicle sales numbers in the marketplace, why the collection efficiency has not 
seen any improvement in our numbers? And secondly, how one should read the trend in your 
credit cost remaining part of the year versus the 2.1% which we reported in Quarter 1. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
In some way there was an answer in your question. Seasonality is definitely one answer, and you 
would see credit cost improve as we go to the third and fourth quarter and we have seen it even 
in the previous year and you will continue to see that for sure. I think it's also important to 
understand when you say 94% this quarter and it's sequentially not much improved, we see this 
as a good number and you probably compared it to last year's first quarter as well and last year's 
first quarter was also one of our best quarters. So, if you are able to reach this kind of 94% levels 
and if you go few quarters before, you will see this number used to be a 9% type number. So 
clearly we are very happy with looking at a 94% as a number for the first quarter and we are 
seeing trends continuing in the same way and therefore we don't see second quarter to throw up 
any surprise. And if that was to happen, you will see the third and fourth quarter helping the cost 
the way we are projecting for ourselves. 
Moderator: 
The next question is. From the line of Mahruk Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
Sir, my first question is on slippage. I know that you don't spell out slippage is correctly, but 
because the credit costs are slightly higher than expected, could you give some broad color on 
slippage or at least some broad color on recovery and upgrades of non-restructured, standard 
loans during the quarter so that we can calculate the slippage and then also if you could highlight 
the amount of interest reversal in say Q1 relative to say Q3. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, if you kind of look at our Stage-3, they have actually improved over the fourth quarter. And 
if there was a slippage from Stage-2 to going to Stage-3, then you would not have seen this 
improvement for sure. Even at Stage-2 level you are seeing and holding up happening, which 
means even from Stage-1 the flow is not high. And also, the third thing is if you have a 94% 
collection it only means that the overall collection from every bucket is appropriate and adequate 
and therefore there is no pressure on, is there any slippage on the credit front. And I don't know 
on the restructured you said if you were referring to the COVID time restructured portfolio if at 
all I don't exactly remember what I think when we started, we had some 4000 or number. It is 
Rs. 1800 crore is what is just remaining there and they're performing portfolio otherwise we will 
have to classify them in whichever bucket we have to classify them. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Mahruk Adajania: 
I was not referring to the outstanding or asking you the number. Basically, I was referring to the 
presentation where you shown amount of restructured assets which have been upgraded from 
Stage-3 to Stage-1. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
OK, so Vivek wants to add. It's a technical thing, so. 
Vivek Karve: 
Vivek here so curing or upgrade typically happens from Stage-2 to Stage-1 and we have very 
stringent norms for any curing that we do. So, the assets which are in Stage-3 would not get 
cured that is one. I just wanted to also add to what Mr. Iyer said, if you also look at the GMPA 
as per IRAC, the difference between the IRAC GMPAs and Stage-3, that number also has 
remained range bound in fact, over a period of time that number is slowly coming down, which 
should also give you some understanding on the slippages. Just reconfirming what Mr. Iyer said 
a while ago. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
So there were no material interest reversals or anything therefore? 
Vivek Karve: 
Because a material interest reversal would happen if there would be a big jump or a big drop in 
our GS3 because that's where the interest reversal takes place because in Stage-1 as well as 
Stage-2, the interest approval continues. The question of reversal arises only when an asset 
which standard was so far becomes NPA. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
So, when you written that restructured assets…. 
Vivek Karve: 
One more thing if under IndAS there is an interest accrual that happens on a net basis. However, 
in the case of banks, probably you are coming from the bank where the interest reversal has to 
happen the moment when asset becomes an NPA. In the case of NBFCs which follow in date 
the interest approval keeps happening on a net basis. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
When you say restructured assets of 466 crores have been cured during the quarter and now 
reclassified under Stage-1, it's from Stage-2 to Stage-2, right? 
Vivek Karve: 
Precisely that's perfect understanding. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
Because the statement talks about Stage-3 first and then about restructured assets so that's why 
the misinterpretation. 
Vivek Karve: 
Don’t link the two, they two independent things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
I had two questions. So, one was on your GNPA, you mentioned that quarter-on-quarter 
sequentially, you actually saw a bit of correction. But if I look at it, your write-offs actually were 
at 1.6% now historically in 1Q we have seen very low write-off so is this sequential GNPA 
results because of this higher write-off number one. And my second question was on basically 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
your repayment rate, typically in 1Q your it sees a bit of a decline, this quarter there has not been 
as much of a decline compared to the history. So, would that be a function of the kind of change 
in the borrower mix that you have been trying to achieve in terms of more of mass affluent. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
What was the second question? Sorry, missed you? 
Viral Shah: 
Second was with regards to the repayment rate. So typically, in 1Q, quarter-on-quarter implied 
repayment rate reduces materially, in this quarter it has not been the case. So, is that actually 
because either you have changed or reflection of the changing borrower mix of more affluent 
customers not requiring earn and pay, or you actually now starting to structure your contracts 
more on an EMI basis versus more lopsided in the second-half of the year? 
Vivek Karve: 
So let me first answer your second question and then we'll go to your first question. On the 
second question, we have not experienced any significant increase or decrease in our overall 
door-to-door maturities of our loan book. So, I think that's not what we are experiencing today. 
So probably that should help answer the second question. Your first question was about the 
write-off. On write-off, if you look at over a period of time, you take FY22, you take. FY23, our 
total write-off having a upwards of Rs. 2000 crores. However, if you look at the first quarter of 
the current year, that number is much lower at 313 crores. 
Viral Shah: 
FY22 and ‘23 in that sense we're not a normal year. I'm looking at on a pre-COVID basis your 
typical write-offs in the first quarter used to be less or sometimes even negligible. 
Vivek Karve: 
However, we have also changed our accounting policy a couple of years ago where we do the 
write-off every quarter, earlier we used to do write-off once in a half year. September and March, 
we used to do it, now we do it on a quarterly basis. So, it may not be a like-to-like comparison. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, and I think also it's important to understand that if the gross NPA absolute value had 
substantially gone up and then we bring it down through a write-off, then your answer is right. 
But if you look at on an absolute basis, they are in that ballpark of 3700-3900 type numbers. So 
therefore, they are not held there or corrected through write-off or whatever it is. So I think it's 
purely by collection and I think I urge you all to also look at 94% collection efficiency, therefore, 
you see that each bucket is holding up to that number. If the collection efficiency was much 
lower and you say, “oh! there is a correction happening to the bucket”, then your conclusion that 
are you taking some write-off. etc., is true, but if the collection efficiency are 94 people don't 
pay us advances and advances anyway, don't get into collection efficiency. So, they are pure 
EMI payments and if pure EMI payments come then you will see that stability of each bucket 
begins to happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So again, going back to the liability side of things, just wanted to understand that in addition to 
the increase in cost of borrowings that we have seen and obviously, I think everyone is seeing 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
that today borrowings which are maturing being replaced with higher cost liabilities. In addition 
to that, there is a lot of volatility that we're seeing on your yield line as well so is that a function 
of what you were explaining earlier on the call, the Prime X customer that now we are targeting 
kind of reflecting in lower yields? Otherwise, without interest income reversals and like you 
explained, we have not had many flows in the Stage-3 or the NPA buckets so unlikely, we would 
have seen any interest income reversals. So, what really explains this is that we've not had what 
about 3% to 3.4% QoQ growth in the interest income, which is also reflecting in a good decline 
in yields. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Vivek or Dinesh will provide you the figure, but I would assume that the 40-basis point dip that 
you see, 50% of it would be caused by cost of money and the disbursement that would have 
happened now the benefits of that will only flow later. So, if you have a disbursement growth 
and the proportionate income out of that disbursement doesn't come in, whereas the interest starts 
to kick in so you will see some correction coming through this. And you are right to some extent 
the Prime X number definitely will bring that pressure, but that's a conscious call that we have 
made to be in that segment because that comes with a lower OPEX and the much lower credit 
costs and therefore they shouldn't affect our ROA going forward. So, while we may see whatever 
is the compression of NIMs that you see by a Prime X customer would be more than offset in 
the OPEX and the credit cost to lead to a better ROA. So, therefore with a consciousness we are 
getting, I also must to confirm to you of the total book currently the Prime X  type customer 
would be no more than 10% to 12% at this stage. So therefore, they are not going to substantially 
compress either of the line items there. And whatever we try and pass on as the lending rate 
increase, the benefit starts to come only a little later and they don't come immediately as we pass 
on. So, I think you would start seeing a change of these numbers as we built the asset in the next 
3 quarters. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And just one last question, now how should we think about your credit cost, essentially, if I look 
at this quarter, Rs. 330 crores of write-offs unarguably on a declining trend, how should we think 
about what we call as write-offs or reposition cost or repo cost? So essentially, is this is a 
trajectory which will kind of continue for the for the next two quarters and also we're trying to 
understand in your SEBI release you talked about your ECL model refresh and how you kind of 
keep moving taking last certain number of months into consideration. So now given that 
whatever maybe 2-3 years of last data that we consider, are we now kind of getting into a plane 
where the base itself can start getting worse in terms of the ECL model. And one last question 
for Vivek sir in terms of your liabilities, how are you posturing your MCLR link bank loans 
essentially earlier when rates were rising most of us wanted to benchmark ourselves against 6- 
and 12-month bank term loans. How are you posturing your MCLR-linked bank term loans now? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So let me first quickly give you the NPA answer. Last year if you look at, in the beginning of 
last year we started off with some close to 8% NPA and that had to come down to  4.4%, you 
will obviously have a different level of termination settlements, closures, etc. 4.4% or 4.5% 
closure of March and if you believe that that has to be held at a 3.4% type number, they don't 
come through these kind of terminations and settlement. So, you should understand that we are 
almost at a level where the NPAs could be as low as it could be, and it can only improve from 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
here, because we don't see flow forward from Stage-2 to Stage-3. And we are not in the best of 
quarters. So, I can give you all assurance that our gross NPA or Stage-3 number is probably at 
its best from a first quarter perspective and no major untoward incident on the ground, we are 
very comfortable to be in the position that we are in and to bring a correction to this number we 
don't have to resort to any major repossession, settlements, and things like that. What we are 
working on is how do we hold each stage at Stage-0, 1, 2 and don't allow them to forward flow 
and which is where I keep referring to the 94% collection efficiency which gives us that comfort. 
So therefore, be rest assured that you won't see a similar large chunk write-offs or termination 
like we would have seen in the past, when we bring down the gross NPA from a very high level 
to a level low. This will all happen by the normal method of settlement, recovery, closure and 
60% coverage is protecting the write-off eventually that is likely to happen through these 
products and therefore you may not see a big hit. Let's for a minute imagine the entire 3000 odd 
crore of NPA has to be resorted to only by a settlement repossession then will it not fetches the 
40% balance yet to be provided for? I think my answer is clear yes. And that is where the ECL 
model works well. And my last comment would be as our book composition keeps changing, 
we will find that the 60% is a higher coverage because we still use a historic data, whereas the 
current book is not of similar nature and therefore one would only see a benefit of this excessive 
provision going forward. Is the comment I would leave you with on the liability, I'll ask Vivek 
to explain. 
Vivek Karve: 
So, I heard you asked a question around MCLR, but to me the question was not very clear. So, 
can you please repeat your question? 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So essentially what I'm saying is what you've seen in the M&M and other peers, we typically 
consider past data that would be two-year, three-year, four-year data for the ECL model. And 
then every quarter after quarter, right, the recent quarter comes into that that ECLR and then 
subsequently the whole quarter gets knocked off. So essentially what I'm kind of trying to 
understand is this 200 crores of increase that you've seen in terms of provisioning excluding the 
write-offs, what Mr. Iyer was also explaining that at this point in time, whatever provision 
coverage ratio we are maintaining at Stage-2 Stage-3 when can we that point in time where we 
can start seeing the requirement for a lower provisional coverage ratio on Stage-2 and Stage-3? 
Vivek Karve: 
Now, I have a better understanding of your question. So probably we may have to wait for one 
more year. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So, the last question on liability, were you explaining something on ECLR? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, this will happen in a years’ time, right, because we are taking a 42 months average when we 
arrive at this, and therefore each year book as they run-off and the new year book comes in this 
will start to show the correction. So, if you take April ‘21 onwards where we have taken various 
steps for a better-quality book so therefore ’21, ’22, ‘23, as we come to the next year or mid of 
next year, you will suddenly see this playing out very, very well. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So what I wanted to understand is your liabilities book, when the interest rates were going on 
quite naturally, everyone wants to push you towards 6 month and 12 month MCLR-linked bank 
term loans. Now that there is I would say almost certainty of stability in interest rates, repo rate 
or maybe an outside chance of a smaller quantum repo rate hike, how are you posturing your 
MCLR-linked bank term loans now with regards to the tenure? 
Vivek Karve: 
So, if your question is that whether we would like to maximize floating rate loans, yes, we would 
definitely like to take that opportunity but at the same time, we also need to be mindful of our 
ALM so we would take that judicious calls from time to time. So, it will be very difficult to tell 
you exactly. Is there a formula, yes, there is a broad formula, but we work within the boundaries 
of the overall ALM that we need to achieve and the opportunities are available in the market. As 
on date about 38% of our bank borrowings are floating and in any case, the money market 
borrowings are anyway fixed. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
And we won't breach the ALM norms. 
Vivek Karve: 
Of the entire borrowings 38% is floating. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the liner Sanket Chheda from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Chheda: 
So, a couple of questions, pardon me if it's repeating. The first one is on your spread, while we 
talked about that maybe 40 bps was out of cost and 20 bps would be out of yield. On your Slide 
#21, it's the other way around actually from the last quarter there is a 40 bps falls in the yields 
and about 20 bps in the cost of fund, which is resulting in about 60 bps of fall in the in the gross 
spreads that's one. And the second is that the cost of fund is rising since the last two to three 
quarter for us. I understand that once we take the hike, it comes with a leg, but our yield is even 
lower than last quarter's Q1 so I was just not able to reconcile? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, the book also has certain assets which would have been booked, let's say three years back at 
a very different yield, right? As the book matures and you are getting the new book come in, you 
will see this compression which will be visible which should therefore reflect in a credit cost to 
be not similar to what we had two years back. So, I think while we should focus on the NIMs, 
we should also look at how the credit cost is panning out to be, to look at the net result and which 
is why I was referring to saying that when we start lending new and at a new rate, even the 
benefit of it won't happen immediately. That will happen on a cumulative basis and surely and I 
don't have an exact number, but then if, let's say some tractor portfolios have matured over this 
period, which would have been a much higher yield item. And against that, if you are actually 
growing an asset which is in a UV or a car, right, therefore they will be at a different yield, but 
then the cost of operation and the resultant credit cost for these two products will also be very 
different. So, which is why I said that if you look at separation which happened due to cost of 
borrowing, we will cover for that through our lending rate movement and the product mix 
movement by increasing our second-hand vehicle financing, you will see the NIMs 
improvement, while the Prime X  will still come at a lower yield, but they will also come at a 
lower OPEX and a lower credit cost. I think that's the way we will have to look at the overall. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Sanket Chheda: 
The second question was again on the write-off front. When we say that maybe all the buckets 
are in the ideal situation would have been if it wouldn't have affected profitability. So, with the 
help of write-off, we can keep the NPA numbers may be same or lower in any quarter 
irrespective of Q1. So just wanted to understand we when we guide about maybe asset quality, 
or the stress level then then how should we look at profitability in in that context? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So this quarter is not affected by an NPA going up or whatever it's. Affected by the. LGD change, 
which has come in and there is an additional provision. So, no sooner you see the LGD either 
constant, you will see no further impact and which is what I was explaining that as the book of 
the past matures and the new book of a better quality keeps coming in, you will start seeing the 
LGD climb down and therefore the higher coverage that we carry actually becomes a reversal 
benefit even though we held it at that time. 
Sanket Chheda: 
So the LGD I understand the increasing provision on Stage-1, 2. So Stage-1, 2, 3 provision 
increasing, I understand that would be out of say increase LGD requirement, but out of 526, Rs. 
313 crores are the write-off? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Correct, so that is not a new number, right, that if you historically look at that number on half 
year basis, it would be cumulative of two quarters except that a year back or so whenever we 
move to every quarter writing it off. So that number is not a substantially new number and that 
is from within the NPA pool. It is not outside of the NPA pool number. 
Vivek Karve: 
And if you look at the trend line on the write-off over the last six quarters, that number has been 
gradually going down and I think that is the trend we can expect going forward. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes, but now limited fund was that if you wouldn't have taken that, the NPA would have gone 
up, yes but that is okay? 
Vivek Karve: 
Sorry to clarify on this, but this is the business as usual so where you are lending business, these 
write-offs will always happen as per the write-off policy of the company. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes, but then that narrative doesn't hold quite that NPA has not... 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
My question is on this Tier-1 ratio. It is down by about 100 bps Q-o-Q and if we look at a slightly 
longer period also it has come down quite sharply, I mean last year 1Q it was 22.8, so what is 
leading to such a high capital consumption? 
Vivek Karve: 
The disbursement growth, so last year our disbursement growth was 80% full year and in the 
current quarter, the disbursement growth is 28% and of course we have not raised any further 
capital, so it will reflect in capital. 
Abhishek: 
But Vivek, the disbursement growth is just 4% Q-o-Q, so will it sort of consume 100 bps because 
you also have some profits to boost? 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Vivek Karve: 
Implement of the Tier 2 category and we have so far not raised any fresh year capital, but that 
we can always do. 
Abhishek: 
No, I am talking about Tier 1, the 100 bps Q-o-Q Tier 1 consumption, so disbursement growth 
is just 4% Q-o-Q, so risk-weighted assets would have to go up much faster than your Q-o-Q 
asset growth for this kind of? 
Vivek Karve: 
But the loan book increases the loan book has gone up 5% on the Q-o-Q basis. It is mathematical, 
I think it is only a function of the disbursement and its resultant impact on loan book and the 
rundown, so the net increase in the loan book. There is no other discontinuity. 
Abhishek: 
No, it just seems like the risk-weighted asset growing faster when we are doing relatively less 
risk-weighted assets, that is what I was trying to take? 
Vivek Karve: 
 unlike in case of banks. 
Abhishek: 
Or would it be operational risk when you enter into a New Year? Would it be? 
Vivek Karve: 
No, the answer is no. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
So the question again on the credit cost guidance and particularly any impact of the, maybe the 
floods in North because we have almost like 25%-30% exposure in the Northern region? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It is I think too premature. We didn't have any collection efficiency dip in North when we look 
at it as we close June and therefore I don't think that it is caused by that. It is very uniform across 
and again go by collection efficiency, we don't have where we have the states where we have 
collection efficiencies were 60% or 70% and somewhere else it is 100%-110% to lead to 94%. 
I think it is pretty uniform collection efficiency across, so we have not had any jerk. 
Raul Rebello: 
So you are right, there has been kind of quite heightened rain in some parts of North India, but 
when we look at a long trend, the discomfort that is caused on a weekly basis or a fortnightly 
basis, customers are resilient and maybe they would miss the installment, but it comes back 
quickly. So these are temporary disruptions, but nothing that gives us worry for a medium term. 
Kunal Shah: 
And credit cost guidance would be given that maybe write-offs are almost like half if we just 
look at in terms of the run rate, annualize this run rate and maybe in terms of the provisioning 
write backs could also be limited because we are already at a low level of stage 3, but should it 
be fair to assume that we can still settle at 1.5-1.7% odd credit cost or maybe it could be higher 
looking at the Q1 trend? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
The only answer we can give is if Q1 has shown this color and if there is nothing untoward, the 
next three quarter, we are very comfortable to believe that it is going in the right direction. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Kunal Shah: 
And one last question on Mahindra Housing, so again this quarter we reported a loss, so there 
seems to have been a good quantum of provisioning out there, but still net stage 3 is going up, it 
is like almost 8.5% more than Rs. 500 odd crores, so should we expect some kind of a write-off 
out there and maybe some knock on the networth which can happen and further infusion into the 
Mahindra Housing? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
I think all the cleaning that was required based on our on ground has all been carried out and 
still now be solved through pure recovery and settlement and we don't expect anything big to 
come from there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gao Zhixuan from Schonfeld. Please go ahead. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Just on the write-off amount, so first quarter I think usually is the worst season for that, so any 
rough range of you know this year's total write off that we should be thinking about any ballpark 
range would be very helpful? 
Vivek Karve: 
If I have understood your question correctly, is there any guidance on the total quantum of write-
offs that we are expecting for the full year? Is that your question? 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Yes, that is right. 
Vivek Karve: 
So very frankly, we do not provide any specific guidance on these numbers, but if you were to 
hazard a guess, the current quarter's number is probably a good indication. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
So roughly quarterly run rate it should be somewhere about the first quarter level? 
Vivek Karve: 
Yes, it should be in that ballpark. It is, I am talking about the write-offs. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
And secondly on the cost to assets, it should be appreciate that we are in a benign asset quality 
scenario and we are doing investment phase, so how should we think about cost to assets this 
year versus last year? 
Vivek Karve: 
Again, your voice is not very clear, but did you want to understand OpEx as a percentage of 
assets? 
Gao Zhixuan: 
this year versus last year and positive asset how should we think about the ratio? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
I understand, right at the beginning I commented we are at 2.8 as against 3 point something that 
we closed last year and we are investing in adequate technology, people training and all of that 
for much preparedness for future growth etc., that we have projected for ourselves. So we would 
see a temporary movement up, but committed to the 2.5% that we put out as our way forward 
while we would see this 2.8 hovering between 2.8 and 3 type numbers, but clearly you will start 
seeing the decline of it as the benefit of all those investments starts to flow in because while we 
are incurring it as a cost, we do recognize that they are not a onetime cost and they are in for 
much future and therefore, if one looks at a period for which this is getting done, we are 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
comfortable to believe that while temporarily, some increase may see, but that will start 
correcting itself. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
And lastly on the margins, the cost of borrowing, how much do we expect it to go up further 
from current level, you know to the rest of the year and any ballpark estimate assuming there is 
no RBI rate changes anymore? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So at this stage, we are only believing that the borrowing cost is not going to come down in a 
hurry, but at the same time we are confident that I don't think we are expecting any further 
increase to cost, but as our past liability matures and we start getting a new money, it will come 
at a new cost that should be more than protected by our increasing lending rate that you are 
projecting over a period of time. So simple answer would be we don't see a big movement either 
reducing costs at this stage, nor are we expecting new borrowing is going to push up the cost 
substantially. I think we are where we are. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
I fully understand the current incremental borrowing cost, it is not going to go up anymore, right, 
but I am just wondering the average current book borrowing cost, the cost of fund, how to price 
to our incremental front-end kind of borrowing costs, right? So how much difference is it the 
incremental borrowing cost versus our current cost of fund? 
Vivek Karve: 
So that is what I think he tried to answer. The incremental borrowing cost is not likely to be 
higher as compared to the cost at which we are borrowing currently. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the liner Shweta from Elara. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Two questions, one is, if I look at the disbursement mix, why has there the decline quarter-on-
quarter on the SME side? 
Raul Rebello: 
The disbursements have grown. The book is a bit flattish over Q4. The reason is because we had 
the mature book which is running off much faster. We had some lumpy loans which are running 
off and otherwise, when I look at on a disbursement we have factored in a 50% growth and in 
Q1 we have achieved close to about 45% of Y-o-Y. The flattish book is largely because of runoff, 
but otherwise, from an incremental growth we are doing well. 
Shweta: 
So, the next question is why there is sequential surge in repositions, repossessed assets quarter-
on-quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, when it comes to the year ending, clearly what happens is we do sell more vehicle, but the 
number of vehicles repossessed in each quarter would not have gone up, just the stock would 
have gone up because we start with a much lower stock as we do the cleaning for the year ending. 
It is nothing more than that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move on to the next question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just one or two small questions. Have you raised lending rates for new customers during the 
quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
This quarter, I think not all products, but some select products there has been a very small 
increase. 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, we have passed on a marginal increase if you look at Q1 versus Q4, we've been able to pass 
on a marginal increase. But we don't want to give any forward guidance because as you know, 
it's becoming a very competitive market and Q2 and Q3 as the festive season unfolds, we will 
have to be competitive. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
On the one side you are growing the Prime segment and on the other side, I guess this quarter 
we saw a fair amount of increase pre-owned vehicles on the AUM. So, just trying to understand 
keeping the incremental rate hikes aside from a portfolio mix point of view, are we really shifting 
towards lower yields of it or are we shifting to higher yield of it? 
Raul Rebello: 
While we have our Prime segment coming in, we have clear upper limits on how much will it 
be as a percentage of our incremental sourcing. We are conscious of we have given you guidance 
on what kind of prime,. So clearly there is no drastic shift away from our core business, which 
is the earn and pay customer segment but as diversification requires us to also cater to a new 
customer segment, we have specific vehicles to deliver and to attract that customer segment, but 
we have upper limits in terms of what that means as a percentage of our incremental sourcing. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Now does it mean that faster growth in pre-owned will sort of offset any compression in yield 
because of the Prime segment? 
Raul Rebello: 
Yes, that's the objective and you would have heard Mr. Iyer talk about the aspirations to grow. 
In fact you would also see it pre-owned vehicles is 17% of our incremental sourcing and we are 
looking at growing that segment. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just very quickly, your growth in operating expenses was in the single digit this quarter. 
Does it continue for the year, or would you see it coming closer to the 25% loan growth that 
you're doing? 
Vivek Karve: 
A while ago Mr. Iyer talked about it, in the first quarter our ratio is 2.8% we expected to inch up 
closer to 3% for the full year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
I just have one question. So, given that the outlook is looking fairly benign and collection 
efficiencies are kind of holding up, all else being equal, how confident are we that we should be 
able to close the year with NPAs levels lower compared to last year and credit costs also 
remaining in the similar range or are we looking at credit costs being higher compared to what 
we have seen last year? 

 
Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, first quarter an NPAs or GS3 is lower than fourth quarter of last year for a model like this, 
which is for the first time it's happened I think and I repeat myself, if there are no unknown 
major disruption in the market, we don't see any anything very different unlike in the past, where 
third and fourth quarter has always been good and they would remain good, that's our belief and 
therefore we are happy with where we have ended for this quarter. 
Umang Shah: 
And so, the credit costs also then should remain fairly range compared to what we have seen last 
year. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Because you should look at it as follows, right? If there are no new NPAs built out and the 
existing NPAs are provided for sufficiently then you know the outcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Anuj Singla for closing comments. 
Anuj Singla: 
Thank you very much. Mr. Iyer, any closing remarks before we conclude? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
No, I think the only closing remark that I would make hearing from all the questions is clearly 
we are relooking at our product mix and want to focus, and we are able to reach traction on the 
pre-owned vehicle which will improve the yield and therefore, will lead to improving or 
protecting the margins going forward for sure. We don't see borrowing cost going up beyond 
where we are and therefore the compression coming from the borrowing cost to compress the 
NIMs any further is not our way forward look. Three is if Stage-2 is holding up where it is and 
Stage-3 is showing correction and having provided for 60%, the uncovered portion of the current 
NPA pool is on the Rs. 1500 crore, whichever way we may want to solve by collecting, by 
repossessing, by selling, disposing it will not be more than that number for sure. And as we see 
more collections there and the first quarter has reflected that with the collection efficiency also 
holding up, we see for ourselves the next 3 quarters to be showing the trends better than what 
we have seen in the past ever. And the disbursements are holding up and therefore growth is 
something that we are comfortable and confident about in spite of whatever be the competition. 
Overall, from our perspective, we believe that what we have seen the previous year after all the 
correction efforts that we put the year before is all yielding results and yielding results in the 
right direction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
