 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
June 03, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q4-FY23 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q4-FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, May 31, 2023. 
 
The Transcript of Q4-FY23 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of the 
Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380015, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=61EF2E945D9B45453611184
85ED828D8E6A17A5394D0CC83C0083D7FA
E6378BF, cn=GONDALIA SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2023.06.03 13:01:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Kiri Industries Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 31, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY23 earnings conference call of Kiri 
Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" 
followed by "0" on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At 
this time, I would like to hand over the call to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Over 
to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
conference call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 2023. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on the management's beliefs as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in the earnings 
conference call. We have with us Mr. Manish Kiri – Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani – 
Senior Manager (Accounts and Finance), and Mr. Suresh Gondalia – Company Secretary. I now 
request Mr. Manish Kiri to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Manish Kiri: 
Good afternoon everybody and welcome to the earnings conference call. Let me first brief you 
on the financial performance of the fourth quarter and then the financial year ending 2023 
followed by the operational highlights. On a standalone basis during quarter 4 FY23, the 
company achieved revenue from operations of Rs. 157 crores which was lower by 52% year-
on-year basis, higher by 18% quarter-on-quarter basis and incurred an operating loss of Rs. 15 
crores. Net loss for the quarter was Rs. 27 crores. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
For the financial year ending 2023, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 602 crores which is 
reduced by 47% as compared to the financial year 2022 and an operating loss of Rs. 109 crores 
against profit of Rs. 31 crores in FY 2022. Net loss for the entire year was about Rs. 134 crores 
as compared to the net loss of Rs. 9 crores in FY 2022. On a consolidated basis, quarter 4 FY23 
revenue from operations stood at Rs. 222 crores, a decline of 47% year-on-year basis and 
increased by 9% quarter-on-quarter basis. During the current quarter, an operating loss of Rs. 
5 crores and net loss of Rs. 18 crores. For the financial year ending 2023, revenue from 
operations stood at Rs. 945 crores, a decline of 37% as compared to FY 2022. During FY 2023, 
operating loss of Rs. 37 crores as against operating profit of Rs. 121 crores in FY 2022. Net loss 
before share of profit of associates stood at Rs. 105 crores, as against net profit of Rs. 53 crores 
in financial year 2022. Revenue and EBITDA of Lonsen Kiri quarter 4 FY23 included an amount 
of Rs. 61.98 crores and Rs. 10.59 crores respectively. Margins were impacted mainly due to 
increase in raw material prices, power & fuel costs, and freight & transportation costs during 
the current financial year as compared to the previous financial year. Prices of vinyl sulphone 
reduced by at least 9% as compared to FY 2022 in 2023. FY 2023 operational expenses include 
the majority of legal expenses which should substantially reduce in the coming year FY 2024. 
We expect to reclaim the EBITDA margins obtained in previous years by increasing production 
capacity through optimizing product mix, controlling operational and fixed cost. There is a 
reduction in fixed cost which is happening in this year and expanding into untapped markets 
to boost the top line. We have gradually passed on increases in raw material pricing to the end 
customers, but there is still space to expand material margins which will be achieved as the 
demand for dyes and dye intermediate prices. We have passed through the time where the 
demands for dyes and dye intermediates were one of the lowest in many years. We anticipate 
a modest increase in demand over the next 3 to 4 quarters. 
In the matter of DyStar, where the company holds 37.57% equity stake, the company has been 
very successful and has won against Senda, a wholly owned subsidiary of Longsheng Group 
wherein on March 3, 2023, Singapore International Commercial Court crystallized and decided 
the final valuation of company's stake at U$603.8 million which is increased by U$122.2 million 
which is 25% higher than the earlier determined valuation of U$481.6 million giving an effect 
of the decision of the Court of Appeal which is Supreme Court of Singapore. The company is 
taking currently all the necessary steps for execution of buyout of its 37.57% stake by Senda 
which has been crystallized after a long drawn legal battle with Senda at SICC as well as at 
Supreme Court of Singapore. Senda has failed to make payment of the legal cost amount 
awarded to the company and failed to comply within deadlines given till 20th January 2023. 
The company has filed a writ of seizure and sale of Senda shares held in DyStar to the extent of 
recovery of legal costs awarded to Kiri by SICC as well as upheld by the Supreme Court of 
Singapore on 20th January 2023. Recently, the sheriff office of Singapore Supreme Court took 
possession of Senda shares held in DyStar to the extent of legal cost amount and has already 
started the process to sell the said shares to recover legal cost for Kiri. 

 
Page 3 of 14 
In the coming quarters, the modernization of input costs, reduction in the operation & fixed 
cost, expected higher capacity utilization, and easing of inflation could enable the company to 
deliver volume-led profitable growth in the coming quarters. 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for any questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of B. Suresh from Vorams Financials. Please go ahead. 
B. Suresh: 
Actually, Kiri case's final valuation will come. Enforcement development process has taken 
Senda's shares. That amount Rs. 50 crores received? 
Manish Kiri: 
The shares which were attached and which are in the process of sale right now, where the 
Supreme Court has directed sheriffs to do the process is to the extent of legal cost, and that 
was around S$8.1 million plus interest. That is the enforcement action on the legal cost. As far 
as the valuation award is concerned, as you are aware, the final decree came on March 3rd. 
And for the last 6 months, we have been trying and we have been following up. Our lawyers 
have been in touch with the councils of Senda to execute the buyout. But unfortunately, till 
date, Senda has not executed the buyout. Senda has not complied with the Supreme Court 
order, and very soon, Kiri would have no choice but to also file enforcement papers for the 
valuation award. 
B. Suresh: 
Valuation award also is coming shortly, sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
The enforcement will need to start shortly because Senda has failed, not honored the court 
order. 
B. Suresh: 
Total amount also, enforcement action started shortly? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. And as soon as that starts, as soon as the documents are filed in the court, we will 
announce to the stock exchange and you all will know. 
B. Suresh: 
Sir, you can give the regular updates and clarity to investors. You are also eagerly waiting and 
investors are also waiting. You can understand investors' problems. So many years, so many 
assurances. You can understand. You can give the clarity. Actually, so many rumors about Kiri 
coming – It is not a clear issue, it is playing something. So many bad rumors are coming in the 
market. You can give the clarity to investors and regularly you can update the exchanges and 
you can conduct conference with investors. How much time to take this amount you can 
receive at least? 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Manish Kiri: 
To address your first question, we always immediately update the investors and we make 
necessary disclosures as soon as the development happens in the court. Or any significant 
material development happens in Singapore, we have been in the past and we will definitely 
update. Meanwhile, the company has been doing its job. We have been constantly in touch 
with our councils in Singapore. And please be rest assured that whatever actions to be taken 
for the recovery and for the enforcement of buyout, we are on the top of it. That's the highest 
priority the management is working on. We can update you and let you know as soon as some 
result comes. As soon as something which is significant or which is material for all to know. If 
we keep updating the stock exchange and you saying that we are making effort, we are making 
effort. It's granted, it's a known fact that we are making efforts. But when something comes up 
which is a development for all of you to know, we will surely make that announcement and 
update everyone. As far as the rumors are concerned, rumors are meaningless. The reality and 
the facts would be updated to all of you, be rest assured. And you will know whenever any 
significant development happens there. 
B. Suresh: 
Can any significant development in a short time? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, the next step which you will know is filing the enforcement applications to the court. And 
there would be multiple things we will be filing. And as soon as it is done, you will know that 
we are back to the court now and then it is in the hands of court to take it forward for the 
recovery and for the enforcement, yes. But you will know very soon. 
B. Suresh: 
You can know very soon, sir. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes. 
B. Suresh: 
Actually, DyStar result in this quarter is  loss. DyStar regular results and dividend amount you 
have received, sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
There is no dividend received from day #1 till now. And DyStar has never paid any dividends. 
That was also one of the main oppressive acts that got recognized. There is no dividend which 
has taken place. As far as DyStar's performance is concerned, every quarter we disclose 
DyStar's performance and DyStar performance even in the year 2022 was a good performance. 
DyStar ended up with almost U$166 million of EBITDA, which is a good number. So yes, we 
continue to consolidate DyStar till the buyout is executed and we will continue to keep 
reporting the numbers. 
B. Suresh: 
You can handle this out of court? Out of court any chances are there in Senda's issue? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, nothing out of court. Almost, now we have entered into the 9th year of battle and there is 
nothing outside court. There is no settlement outside court. Whatever happens will happen 
through court only. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
B. Suresh: 
The enforcement development is coming very soon you can expect it? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, you will hear very soon from us, absolutely. 
B. Suresh: 
Very soon? Best of luck. But you can understand investors' feeling also, sir. So many years of 
waiting. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, fully understand. And be rest assured we give you confidence that this is the highest 
priority to recover this money for the company, and we are on the top of it. Every action which 
is required to be taken, we are diligently taking those actions. 
B. Suresh: 
Sir, in that case, any chances of this case is not winning? Not winning chances are there? Yes 
or no? 
Manish Kiri: 
We have already won. It is not about not winning. We have already won all the way till today. 
We have got the final decree also with us, which is the final judgment upheld by the Supreme 
Court. And now it's only the final phase of recovering these funds, recovering money. And that's 
what we are supposed to do now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Pandya: 
I just wanted to understand if you can give us an update on what is happening in the dye and 
pigment industry as a whole. I just want to have a thing as what is going on in the industry. 
Manish Kiri: 
The industry as a whole has been going through one of the challenging and the toughest 
periods over many years. There are several factors which have affected the downturn of this 
industry. Today the demand levels are way down, almost 50% demand in dyes as far as export 
is concerned that we have observed during the past 1 year. If you look at the India's exports of 
dyes, which used to be around 16,000 18,000 tonnes of reactive dyes every month, which has 
come down to almost 10,000 tonnes, so at 50%. That is one. And the biggest concern is much 
lower demand and almost half demand, which is then combined with the increases that we all 
have observed throughout last financial year – increase in energy cost, increase in fuel cost. 
That is compounding the complications. That creates a huge margin pressure. We all are going 
through a huge margin pressure and that's the reason that we have not been able to pass on 
enough of the cost increases to the customers. That's why the impact is there on the margins. 
On the other side, if you look at the Chinese situation, they are also experiencing much much 
lower demand. Demand is way lower in China and that's the reason that the Chinese prices of 
intermediates and Chinese prices of dyes are also sustaining at a very low level. Again, that 
creates indirect pressure on Indian export prices and also prices in the Indian domestic market 
to be in line with the prices coming from China. These are the factors which have negatively 
impacted the performance of this industry and which has impacted the margins and going 
through one of the worst downtimes currently. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
Darshil Pandya: 
How do you look at going forward now? As on date when you are speaking today, how does 
the future look like? 
Manish Kiri: 
There are two ways you can analyze the situation. When you look at the sales of the brands 
and retailers. For example, if you look at the performance of Inditex which is a global textile 
player, look at the performance of Hugo Boss, look at other retailers' performance, they seem 
to be now increasing, reporting much higher numbers than we thought. Correct. That's an 
encouraging sign that when the retailers and the brands and the sales numbers are picking up 
in a supply chain, our demand would also open up. That's one side of the positiveness. The 
other side, if you look at the textile industry and dye industry which is heavily linked with 
textile, the longest downtime historically in the past was around 18 months. We have already 
passed almost a year. So I would say by the end of the year or towards the end of the year, we 
should have a rebound, we should have the demand opening up, we should have the supply 
chain quite empty, and we should be able to revive sales and demand towards the end of the 
calendar year, which you are looking at around October to December quarter. That's what we 
believe, that's our opinion. Let's see how the things turn out. 
Darshil Pandya: 
One last question, sir. You also said the margins were impacted due to higher raw material 
prices, power & fuel have gone up, and freight & transportation cost has also gone up. As far 
as my understanding is there, transportation & freight costs have started coming down in the 
past so many quarters. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, the freight & transportation cost has come down. Even the export freights, the sea freights 
have also significantly come down. That's the positive side of it. In this quarter from this 
financial year which has started just now, some of the raw material prices have also started 
going down. For example, the prices of benzene have started going down. If you track the price 
of sulfur, last quarter around Rs. 18 to Rs. 20 is now around Rs. 13, also started going down. 
So, certain raw materials have started going down. Freights have been down for more than 6 
months now – international sea freights. Those are the positive sides and that should help in 
improving the numbers, you are right. But please understand in the case of Kiri, if you compare 
us with other peer-group companies, the one significant difference is the ongoing recurring 
legal cost. And if you look at the prior numbers, this legal cost has been running for the last 8 
years and now in the 9th year we have entered into, somewhere in the range of Rs. 40 crores 
to Rs. 60 crores a year. That's also quite a big number when the overall business is down. That 
impact realized is higher if you compare with the prior years and this year. That's what 
differentiates Kiri's numbers with other peer-group numbers. 
Darshil Pandya: 
When do you expect this to get done? The legal cost and all that? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think it will continue till money comes. Because, as you have just heard and I mentioned, we 
will be entering into the enforcement stage. We have strengthened our legal team. We have 
added a few more lawyers because it's the final phase of the battle. We have appointed a 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Queen's Counsel from the UK now to help us. So, legal cost will continue until we realize the 
buyout funds. We will have to go full haul for the last phase now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sachin Gandhi, an individual investor. 
Sachin Gandhi: 
I have a few questions. I've been invested for a long time in Kiri and there have been no such 
fluctuations which have happened in the last 6 months, like it fell down to 50% from 600 to 
almost 250 or something. What is the promoters' say in this? Or are they trying to increase 
their stake? Or what kind of a behavior is there from the promoters' side? Because, as of now 
I've heard and I think 2 or 3 analysts' calls back that promoters are trying to increase their stake. 
Are they really increasing their stake or they are just thinking about increasing their stake in 
the company? 
Manish Kiri: 
Promoters will definitely increase their stake in the company. I have already mentioned in the 
last 2 quarterly calls and I'm saying today also. But that is irrespective of what could be the 
share price. This was the stand 6 months ago and which is the stand now. As far as the 
movement of share price is concerned, that is market driven, but if you analyze, there were 
few FIIs who exited somewhere around end of January. That could be the reason looking at the 
situation and looking at the overall shareholding pattern, but beyond that, promoters have 
nothing to do with the share price level. We will increase the stake in the company and that's 
what you will see. 
Sachin Gandhi: 
Secondly, I wanted to ask about that once they have not followed the instructions of the 
Supreme Court of Singapore or International Court with respect to paying back the legal cost 
as well as the money which is to be paid to Kiri for the 37.5% of stake, I think the date was 20th 
of January 2023. Am I right, sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
Let me elaborate a little bit to you that the judgment for legal cost came on November 25, 
which was last year, and there was a tri-party agreement. There was an understanding and 
undertaking from Senda that they would pay the legal cost within 21 days from the date of this 
final order from the Supreme Court. That was the commitment given. That ended actually on 
December 20th. Then, 1 month extension was given, which ended on January 20th. So, your 
date is correct. January 20th is the date on which even the extended timeline ended. And then, 
Kiri had no choice but to file enforcement proceedings against them, which was done, I guess, 
on January 21st or 22nd. And then the steps were taken since then. That is as far as the legal 
cost is concerned. For the valuation award, it is really unfortunate that Senda knew the cost, 
they knew the range, U$481.6 million number was available to them. There was no stay on it 
which has been there since June 2021. Almost 2 years passed since then. And 3 months from 
the final award from the SICC based on the directions of Supreme Court on March 3rd and until 
today also it has not been honored which is now compelling Kiri to believe that these guys are 
not going to pay. Their intention is not there. We go back to court and enforce this judgment. 
There is no other choice left when I speak with you today. 

 
Page 8 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Bhatija from JV Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jay Bhatija: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is on the business front. We have been observing 
from the past few quarters that the quarter is getting weak every quarter. There is no sign of 
improvement on the business front in the industry as well as for the company. Can we know 
the reasons for the same? 
Manish Kiri: 
If you look at the quarter 4 of 2023 the quarter which we announced, it is better than the earlier 
quarter, marginally better. Not much better, but it's marginally better than the earlier quarter 
on standalone as well as on consolidated basis. But as I mentioned, the dyes and intermediates 
industry currently is going through a rough time, a tough time. Demand levels are low. If you 
look at the whole year's performance, it is almost half than the earlier year as far as Kiri is 
concerned. That has impacted the margin significantly and that has impacted the cost also 
significantly. That's the reason that the performance has not improved. But we are hopeful that 
in the next quarter or in the next few quarters, you will see as the raw materials are going 
down, fuel cost to some extent has also come down, we see some signs of market to improve 
because the retail sales is becoming better globally, not only in India. And that would probably 
allow us to first to break even. More than break-even, our target is for this quarter to at least 
try to achieve a break-even or plus and then improve thereon. 
Jay Bhatija: 
What are the utilization of our plants currently in this quarter and the current quarter which 
we are going? 
Manish Kiri: 
The dyes capacity utilization was only 27%. Dyes intermediate capacity utilization was only 34% 
throughout the year. It's less than 50% utilization. 
Jay Bhatija: 
Quite under utilization of our plants. Any specific reason for it? Maybe China is dumping dyes 
or we are not getting orders, it is something like that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Even at a lower price, demand is less. We try to hold on to certain price levels, but overall 
demand, as I said, is around 50%. Dyes is almost 46% down in general as an industry and 
intermediates is also around 40% down from the normalized levels from the demand which 
were there in earlier years. It's more driven by the market factors, by the industry factors. And 
please also note that we added certain capacities on certain intermediates on certain products 
in the last year. When we added some capacities and those capacities are not filled up, again 
the utilization level on a whole, on a totality, is lower. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Aditya Chirania, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 14 
Aditya Chirania: 
My question is regarding the court case that we are currently fighting. I wanted to know 
whether DyStar has sufficient cash in hand to execute the buyout. And if yes, is there any way 
Senda could extract this money from DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
Just to give you certain numbers, yes, DyStar has significant cash. DyStar has zero bank loans, 
not even working capital. DyStar's cash position is almost $370 million plus sitting on excess 
inventory which is tied up cash in excess inventory, is around $150 million based on our 
analysis. Cash, cash equivalent, and the encashable inventory put together is more than $500 
million in DyStar that is there. As far as that funds can go to Senda and Senda can pay to Kiri; 
of course, that could be one of the options. And Kiri has been open with this option. In fact, Kiri 
had already proposed this option to Senda that Kiri would cooperate, Kiri would pass the 
necessary resolutions, Kiri would support such actions and initiatives, and Kiri has 
recommended this kind of initiative to comply with the buyout order. So, when we go to court, 
the court is going to see this that Kiri has cooperated to the extent even though 38% of that 
cash and the retained earnings belong to Kiri, still Kiri has opened up these kind of options and 
avenues to help Senda to comply with buyout order. 
Aditya Chirania: 
When you mentioned the value of 370 million plus the other cash in the form of inventory or 
receivables coming to 500 million, is this 500 million US dollars? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, $500 million. Aditya, you also know that Longsheng, China, has a huge cash. And the cash 
in Longsheng, China, and cash equivalent is more than $900 million. That's a big number. 
Aditya Chirania: 
My question here again is that Senda is in the Chinese jurisdiction. Now if DyStar passes the 
money to Senda which is in China and Senda does not bring the money back, then that will be 
completely a part of the Chinese jurisdiction which means a different volume altogether. Could 
you shed some light on this also? 
Manish Kiri: 
1) Senda is a Hong Kong company, not a Chinese company. 2) Kiri's proposal which was given, 
which encapsulates the way of transferring money directly to Kiri on behalf of Senda. 
Aditya Chirania: 
I understand that there is no way that we can get these funds out of DyStar through Senda 
without Kiri's confirmation. 
Manish Kiri: 
No way. And that fund has to go to the escrow account. 
Aditya Chirania: 
My second question is you mentioned that you may have to liquidate the shares of DyStar in 
order to get this money. In terms of liquidation of shares, would you be buying it as a first 
option or will it be sold in the market? And secondly, what is the valuation of DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
Kiri is the recipient of money. Kiri is not going to buy anything. No shares of Senda, nothing. So, 
it would be a public auction, public sale in the open market. And the value of the shares of 

 
Page 10 of 14 
DyStar already decided by the court, which was U$1.632 billion. That is the number court had 
confirmed in its judgment and that's where the valuation stands. 
Aditya Chirania: 
Just one quick question on this front. If this goes for the public auction and it does not raise the 
amount of money which the court is expecting it to achieve, then what happens, sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
Based on the legal advice that we have, more shares of Senda would need to be sold to fulfill 
Kiri's amount. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishikesh Ojha from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Firstly, just wanted to know regarding the case. Now that you have won the case but can Senda 
file a review or anything else in the court? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, there is no such provision in Singapore to file a review. There is no such provision there. 
Rishikesh Ojha: 
So, they compulsorily just have to pay, there is no other thing now? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, there is no other thing now. Either they comply with the order and…. Already 3 months 
have passed by the time we speak today from March 3, 2023. All the legal means have ended. 
All the legal proceedings have ended now. So, either pay or go on a default and face the 
consequences. There is no third choice now for Senda. 
Rishikesh Ojha: 
When we say that we will be filing enforcement against them, can you explain what exact 
actions are we going to take? And since you would be in touch with all the legal advisors, what 
is the broad sense? How much time would this process take? 
Manish Kiri: 
As far as the details of enforcement is concerned, I can share broad things with you, which 
would require the alternate remedy. That's the main theme. Alternate remedy and alternate 
relief would be several options that Kiri would be suggesting. That's one area. How Kiri's 
U$603.8 million can be paid? What are the options for the court? And then it is up to court to 
decide. Kiri would also be presenting the precedences and the earlier cases as per the normal 
legal process. And Kiri would also look at all the enforcement options that the law provides to 
Kiri which may include contempt, which may include few more actions like seizure and sell is 
one of the actions of shares, and then you have alternate remedy and things like the contempt. 
A number of things Kiri would be doing on this front. And as far as the timeline is concerned, 
which was the second part of your question, this may take by the time the court looks into the 
applications and the affidavits and the responses, you are looking at somewhere between 4 to 
6 months' time. 
Rishikesh Ojha: 
Sir, my last question. What was the legal cost for FY23 and what legal cost are we expecting for 
FY24? 

 
Page 11 of 14 
Manish Kiri: 
We can give you the exact number, but this has been somewhere plus or minus 2-3 crores; it 
has been hovering around Rs. 40 crores to Rs. 50 crores around that number per year. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from Arihant Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sir, my question was regarding some balance sheet item. There has been a decrease in basically 
the plant and other costs from Rs. 540 crores to Rs. 500 crores. What would be the reason for 
the decline on the consolidated level? 
Manish Kiri: 
It's only at a consolidated level. It's the depreciation. Nothing else that has happened on the 
balance sheet of the fixed asset. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
So, it is basically depreciation. No sell off or something like that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Nothing. No sell off, nothing like that. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
And my next question is on the non-current assets, the investment part. There has been a jump 
from about Rs. 1,800 crores to about Rs. 2,000 crores. What would be that related to? 
Manish Kiri: 
That would be probably the consolidation of DyStar's profit. I think that is more related to 
capital work in progress. That's where the difference of close to…. Can we give you this breakup 
by email if that works for you? The line items can be provided to you. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Yes, sure. That will do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Bhura from Adinath Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Kumar Bhura: 
My question was regarding the share of profits of associates accounted for using the equity 
method. You have shown a loss of around Rs. 43 crores in this quarter whereas in all previous 
quarters, there were substantial credit amounts of Rs. 87 crores in the last quarter and March 
'22 there was an amount of Rs. 81 crores. What is the difference? Whereas we have earned in 
DyStar. 
Manish Kiri: 
I think that relates to the DyStar's performance. 
Manoj Kumar Bhura: 
DyStar has earned profit in this quarter also. 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. What DyStar has done is DyStar had made certain provisions in this quarter and those 
were the exceptional provisions on account of foreign exchange differences. They booked U$33 
million of the foreign exchange difference in this quarter, which is non-operational item which 
they booked. We went and we have asked the details to look into it, but that difference is due 

 
Page 12 of 14 
to that one item which DyStar has booked in their books and that is what is reflected in the 
reduction this year. 
Manoj Kumar Bhura: 
That is a substantial amount basically. $33 million is a substantial amount. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, $33 million is a big number. 
Manoj Kumar Bhura: 
Because there is a difference of Rs. 87 crores plus Rs. 43 crores. It means around Rs. 130 crores 
difference in a quarter. 
Manish Kiri: 
Correct. 
Manoj Kumar Bhura: 
Rs. 130 crores is a very huge amount. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, that's a non-cash item they have booked and they have made this, again, as a provisioning 
in DyStar's books. It's not the actual expense incurred. But they have made this provisioning 
looking at the market conditions and looking at the certain currency differences and the 
devaluations and things like that. We will see how this number actually gets reflected into 
reality or not in the next quarters. 
Manoj Kumar Bhura: 
Don't you think this can be a case of financial manipulation by DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
If they try to do any financial manipulations, the auditor would need to look at it and we would 
need to look at it. And if there is any fraudulent or siphoning of funds, if we find any of such 
things, it will right away go to the court. We won't wait even a single day in case if we are able 
to find evidences that substantiate any such manipulation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Koti, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Archit Koti: 
I would just want to understand a couple of things. The first thing is with regards to profits 
what we are taking into consideration of the associate, that is of DyStar in our books. Our 
valuation and what we would be getting is as of 2018, as per the court order, right? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. 
Archit Koti: 
After 2018, what is the rationale? Is it prudent to consider DyStar's profit in our profit after 
2018? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, because as long as we are continuing to be the shareholder of DyStar, we are not 
beneficiary either to DyStar's profit or DyStar's loss. Kiri has nothing to do with it. Kiri is not 
entitled to get the economic benefits of DyStar after 3rd July 2018. That is as per the court 
order. Kiri is supposed to receive U$603.8 million irrespective of DyStar's profit or DyStar's 
value today. DyStar may be valued U$5 billion today or DyStar may be valued U$1 billion today, 

 
Page 13 of 14 
DyStar's profit could be loss or could be profit, it doesn't matter to Kiri. Kiri is only entitled to 
receive U$603.8 million as of today. And if interest is awarded, it will be added to it. But we 
don't know as of today whether that will be added or not. So, we are consolidating it and 
putting in our books which is a legal statutory requirement for us still continuing to hold the 
equity of DyStar till the buyout is executed. So, you are right. The numbers are there, but for 
Kiri's economic benefit, these numbers are senseless, to be honest with you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sukhbir Singh from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sukhbir Singh Saini: 
Sir, can you please provide us some color on the Capex for FY24 and FY25? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right now, there is no Capex planned for FY24. There might be maintenance kind of routine 
Capex but nothing beyond that. And neither in 2025. Nothing has been planned. Nothing has 
been budgeted actually. 
Sukhbir Singh Saini: 
And also some color on the export market like how it will be growing or your view on the export 
market? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think the export market has been too much depressed too long. We have passed almost a 
year. And we strongly believe now with interactions with many players outside India that the 
export demand should revive. Export demand and export numbers should change and probably 
we should see in the next quarter or two. I strongly believe that towards the end of the year, 
we might have some rebound in terms of the demand from the international market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Bhatija from JV Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jay Bhatija: 
Sir, my question is regarding…. There are some people in the market who are giving some false 
information regarding the shares claiming it to be a multibagger or something and they claim 
to be associated with you or very close to you. How do you plan to control them down? 
Manish Kiri: 
I don't think there is any such thing what you are saying. There is no truth to this kind of rumor 
which somebody is telling you. It has no factual truth. There is nothing like that. 
Partic Jay Bhatija ipant: 
There is a factual proof. I have found them that before your BSE announcement comes – like 
20 or 30 minutes before – they have that information regarding that thing, whatever 
announcement comes. 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, I don't think so. Unless you see the Singapore Court websites, and there could be only 
time difference when the judgment is uploaded on the Supreme Court portal and we study and 
announce. I think that's the only time one can have. Otherwise, there is nothing like what you 
are claiming which is untrue in fact. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Jay Bhatija: 
As you mentioned that you would be going for this liquidation or whatever the process you 
have, you are thinking that another 6 months are going to take place for the actual funds to 
come into Kiri's account. Am I right? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, we believe at least enforcement process will take that much time. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Manish Kiri: 
Thank you all of you for participating today and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you so 
much. Take care. All the best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kiri Industries Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
