Jindal Steel & Power Limited 
Corporate Office: Jindal Centre, 12 Bhikaiji Cama Place, New Delhi 110 066     
CIN: L27105HR1979PLC009913 
T: +91 11 4146 2000 F: +91 11 2616 1271 W: www.jindalsteelpower.com E: jsplinfo@jindalsteel.com 
Registered Office: O. P. Jindal Marg, Hisar, 125 005, Haryana 
May 22, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department,     
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,     
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,       
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Scrip Code: 532286  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited        
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
cmlist@nse.co.in  
Symbol: JINDALSTEL 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
SUBJECT: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON MAY 16, 2023 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated May 13, 2023 w.r.t the Earnings Conference Call 
intimation for the financial results with the Institutional investors/ analysts.  
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
earning call is enclosed herewith and has also been uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.jindalsteelpower.com.  
 You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you.  
Yours faithfully, 
For Jindal Steel & Power Limited 
Anoop Singh Juneja 
Company Secretary 
encl:as above
ANOOP 
SINGH 
JUNEJA
Digitally signed 
by ANOOP 
SINGH JUNEJA 
Date: 2023.05.22 
18:26:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Jindal Steel & Power Q4 FY-23 Results Conference 
Call” 
 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIMLENDRA JHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, JINDAL 
STEEL & POWER 
MR. RAMKUMAR RAMASWAMY – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR & CFO, JINDAL STEEL & POWER 
MR. VISHAL CHANDAK – HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS), JINDAL STEEL & POWER 
MODERATORS: MR. AMIT MURARKA – AXIS CAPITAL  

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Jindal Steel & Power Q4 FY23 Results 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Thank you and over to 
you sir. 
Amit Murarka: 
Thank you Vikram. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the Q4 FY23 Con-Call of JSPL. 
We have with us the Senior Management Team from JSPL, Mr. Bimlendra Jha – the Managing 
Director, Mr. Ramkumar Ramaswamy – the Whole Time Director and CFO and Mr. Vishal 
Chandak – the Head of Investor Relations. 
I will now hand over the call to Vishal for his opening comments. Over to you Vishal.  
Vishal Chandak: 
Thank you very much Amit. Good evening, everyone and welcome to the Q4 and FY23 Earnings 
Call for Jindal Steel & Power. 
So, before we start the presentation in Q&A, I just want to remind you that the discussions today 
will be covered under the safe harbor statement which is in the second slide of our presentation. 
Hope you’ve had the time to read through the same. 
We would start this presentation with opening remarks with our CFO – Mr. Ramaswamy 
followed by the Q&A. Over to you sir.  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Thank you Vishal. Good day, good evening, everyone. Let me give a quick overview of the 
financial and operational performance.  
Let me start with the sales volume: 
Our volume for the quarter was 2.03 million tons which is a 7% growth QoQ, primarily driven 
by a strong pickup in our exports and a 1% growth in our domestic volumes too. The share of 
exports in the quarter improved to 11% versus 5% last quarter. The production for the quarter 
was 2.02 million tons which is 2% lower QoQ, primarily driven by an unplanned shutdown in 
our DRI plant in Angul during Jan. In terms of realization; our realization improved by 3% 
quarter-on-quarter, with improvements both in the domestic and export realization.  
To give you a sense of what's happening currently: 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Currently we are seeing a bit of softening in our realizations between 1% to 2% and we will have 
to see how this plays out during the current quarter. Our SMS cost increased by 2% QoQ, 
primarily driven by higher iron ore and pellet prices which was partially offset by a marginal 
reduction in coking coal prices. As per our practice we do not provide any forward guidance on 
numbers for the subsequent quarters, so I'm not sharing any outlook in terms of coking coal and 
iron ore prices. 
Our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter on a consolidated basis is Rs. 2,240 crores which is 2% 
lower QoQ, primarily driven by the factors I mentioned earlier i.e., improved volumes, improved 
NSR, offset by higher SMS costs driven by higher iron ore prices. I would also like to highlight 
that we have taken inventory write downs, write offs of around 250 crores during the quarter 
based on our assessment of the realizability which is captured in the above EBITDA. Our 
adjusted EBITDA of overseas subsidiaries, primarily Australia, Mozambique and South Africa 
during the quarter was Rs 63 crores and our standalone India EBITDA is Rs. 2,178 crores. 
On a consolidated basis our PAT for the quarter was Rs. 466 crores which is 10% lower QoQ. I 
would also like to highlight exceptional items of Rs. 153 crores during the quarter which pertains 
to expenses incurred on old projects which we've decided to write off. This is captured separately 
as an exceptional item in our results.  
I'll give a very quick snapshot of our full year numbers for your reference: 
Full year volume is 7.68 million tons, which is a 1% growth over last year. Our production is 
7.89 million tons which is a 2% decline over last year. Our NSR improved by 5% on a full year 
basis and our cost were higher by 4%. Our full year consolidated adjusted EBITDA is Rs. 9,700 
crores and PAT is Rs. 3,193 crores after exceptional identified items of Rs. 1,369 crores. Out of 
this Rs. 8,562 crores pertained to India and Rs. 1,138 crores is from our overseas subsidiaries.  
 
I'll also give a quick overview in terms of our cash flow and debt. As I said the cash focus is our 
primary aim. We generated operating cash flow of 6,351 crores and this is for the standalone 
entity based on an EBITDA of Rs. 8,562 crores. Out of this we have invested close to 5,800 
crores in CAPEX, both in JSP and JSO and we've also used it for our interest and repayment of 
our loans. 
Our standalone gross debt was Rs. 11,874 crores and net debt was Rs. 7,090 crores as of 31st 
March. I would like to highlight that we have prepaid a further Rs. 1,895 crores in April and our 
gross debt in April is Rs. 8,984 crores. Our continued focus on cash and deleveraging continues 
as has been highlighted before. 
The Board has recommended a dividend of Rs. 2 per share for the financial year. 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
With this I would like to conclude and hand over for Q&A. Over to you Vishal. 
Vishal Chandak:  
So, operator can we please open the session for the Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take a first question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities.  
Amit Dixit: 
I have two questions. The first one is if you could highlight the progress on operationalization 
of the coal blocks that we have won during bidding as well as the Slurry Pipeline project. How 
much of it remains when it is expected to be commissioned that would be very helpful? That is 
the first question. The second one is on depreciation which appears to have gone up in this 
quarter. Is it due to commissioning of some plants of the expansion project or how is it and what 
run rate can we expect going ahead? These are the two questions.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Thank you Amit. This is Bimlendra Jha. Our coal block, in fact before coal block there is already 
pellet plant which is under commissioning. Commissioning trials are already very successful 
and we are well on our way to have a full-fledged commissioning of the pellet plant. Coal block, 
most of the clearances are there in the mining license stage. We are still awaiting one of the last 
clearances and as soon as that is available, we should be in a position to open the coal block. 
Slurry Pipeline is towards the end of the current year is what we are seeing because of all the 
elections and other issues that are there. That is what I have to say on that. Ram will answer the 
question on depreciation.  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: The depreciation is on account of an impairment that was done by our Australia subsidiary to 
the extent of Rs. 250 crores. The Australia subsidiary had done an independent assessment of 
the realizable value and based on their assessment they have taken an internal provision of 250 
crores. That is the reason why you see a higher depreciation.  
Amit Dixit: 
Can you put a timeline to the pellet plant? When can we expect it to be commissioned? I 
understand that you mentioned that trials are on but the timeline would be great. Also, how much 
coal can we expect if any in this financial year at FY24? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
The mining plan that has been submitted is for around 3.5 million tons for the year. We are 
exploring possibilities if we can go up. But that is what is the current mining plan that has been 
submitted for the year. Nobody knows when the final clearance comes but since it is absolutely 
the last couple of stages of that clearance it can happen anytime. So that is on the coal block. 
You said pellet plant as well. The pellet plant as I said that it is under commissioning trials and 
it is just a question of weeks where we should be having a full-fledged commercialization.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Just one thing on the standard alone operations; now if I look at your realization, they have 
increased by Rs. 3,000 almost sequentially. But when I look at the cost, what explains this kind 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
of a cost jump because we are looking at our EBITDA per ton has declined almost Rs. 1,000 on 
a sequential basis. Is there anything which I'm missing in this?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Yes, so as I mentioned our realization has gone up by 3% and our SMS cost increased by 2%, 
primarily driven by higher iron ore and pellet prices. I also referred to in my overview that we've 
taken write downs, write offs of around 250 crores of inventory and that should probably 
increase the rest of the difference.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
The inventory write down is taken under the cost of goods sold or under other expenses? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy:  Under cost of goods sold.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Even adjusting for that our sequential increase is very sharp because normally if I look at the 
prices, coking coal prices would have been up by $10 or $15 per ton and iron ore also would be 
in a similar range. But that doesn't explain that kind of a cost increase.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
No, I think on iron ore, OMC prices if we look at it from November onwards, there has been a 
very sharp increase in the iron ore prices. In fact, if you look at that it is around from Rs. 3,550 
per ton to around Rs. 5,700 per ton is the kind of a rise in prices that has taken place. If we 
budget for that alone 3,550 has become 5,700 which is even if you look at it on NMDC iron ore 
fines which is 64%. These 62%, 0 to 10 mm Odisha Mining Corporation is Rs. 1,700 higher than 
even 64% iron ore fines. This is actually if you look at it, ideally this should have been at a 
discount to Rs. 4,000 that NMDC gives it at. But unfortunately, this gap is a bit too much that 
has opened up which was not the case until November ‘22. November ‘22 the prices of iron ore 
fines from NMDC were 2,760 and Odisha was 3,550. So, this gap has really opened up.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Now are we carrying any high-cost inventory again into the first quarter or how should we look 
at it in terms of thermal coal and in terms of coking coal and iron prices going ahead now on a 
consumption basis?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
In the first quarter we are fortunately not carrying high-cost inventory. In fact, if at all there has 
been some respite from there. But overall, you will see that we are in a bit of choppy waters right 
now with respect to prices. I'm sure that Odisha Mining Corporation we will see the light and 
they will try to adjust the prices downwards now. But nobody knows what they would do. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: And as we mentioned we don't give forward guidance on these prices because things have been 
changing quite a bit. We would not give any forward guidance on how it is looking for this 
quarter.  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
In terms of our pellet capacities, we were expecting to commission I think so almost 12 million 
pellet capacity this year. In terms of our utilization is it fair to assume that we could be at 100% 
capacity utilization by next year end or it will take even more time?  

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Our first pellet plant is under commissioning which is 6 million tons, another 6 million tons 
would be commissioned almost concurrently with our blast furnaces when they come up, the 
second blast furnace is concerned. That is why it is towards the end of the year that we are 
expecting all that. But this one would be sufficient for our requirements right now at 6 million 
because that is what is our current capacity.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I just had two questions. You said you have taken inventory write off. Is that the correct word 
used, of 200 odd crores in Q4? What exactly is an inventory write-off? I mean I can understand 
mark-to-market inventory losses which can be again come, what is the inventory write off 
exactly we're talking about?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: These are both write offs and write downs. We've been having old inventory for various 
products. It could be your gran-shots, it could be your slag or it could be your fines etc. It's a 
combination of HG and RM. Based on our assessment of the realizable value we have decided 
to write down some of them and write off some of them.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
The total impact of the write down is 200 crores, is that correct? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Write down and write off put together is 250 crores approximately?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Yes, that is right.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
The asset impairment of 250 crores is pertaining to which of the Australian subsidiaries?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: That is Australia.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Which one?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Wollongong. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
On Wollongong, as per the auditor's remarks is there more payment likely to be taken there?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: See this is an ongoing assessment that we will have to do. We do an ongoing assessment of the 
realizable value and the carrying cost. And of course, as you are aware the Australia business 
has not been delivering the value that it is supposed to deliver. We will reflect these on an 
ongoing basis is what I would like to say.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities.  

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
The first question just the clarification on what Amit was asking on the coal blocks; we said that 
the last clearance is pending. I mean is it across the four mines which we have or are we talking 
about a particular mine? If you could just share the level of approvals across the four mines.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Now we are talking about Utkal-C which is our first objective and Utkal-C is the main one that 
gives us almost entirely our requirement of thermal coal for Angul which is for DRI coal 
gasification as well as for thermal coal requirements. We are talking about that.  
Sumangal Nevatia: 
If you could just share where are we in terms of the commissioning or the approval process for 
the other mine?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
The moment we get the clearance our shovels will be in. Everything is lined up.  
Sumangal Nevatia: 
So broadly do we expect these approvals to come in this year for all the four mimes or only 
Utkal-C is in advanced stage?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
The Utkal-C, we are expecting within this quarter anytime. Anytime means it can be anytime 
from today onwards but when it will be is only powers that be they know. The other one that we 
are talking about is Gare Palma which is also in a very advanced stage. Again, we are very close 
but it is not closed till it is not closed.  
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My second question is with respect to our hot strip mill and blast furnace. So, I mean what sort 
of volume can we expect when we are looking at commissioning towards the second half in this 
year?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
You're talking about blast furnace? 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Yes. Angul blast furnace and also the hot strip mill.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Before blast furnace, we will be first starting with our hot strip mill and the slab caster. Our 
capacity, as I had explained it maybe in the last analyst’s presentation was that we are doing it 
in a sequence where we make maximum money. The very first in the sequence was the pellet 
plant. The second in the sequence was coming to be coal mine. The third in the sequence was 
coming to be the slab caster and HSM which is a combined thing and then comes the blast 
furnace and the steel making related to that as well as coke ovens. In the meantime, almost in 
parallel the downstream of the hot strip mill will come up. This is a sequence. Now this sequence 
1 or 2 months here or there. But we are on track with respect to the entire sequence. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
We continue to expect this blast furnace commissioning in third quarter of this financial year.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
That will be towards the end of the financial year as far as blast furnace commissioning is 
concerned. As far as hot strip mill is concerned this should be… you can expect it into the third 
quarter in the current financial year.  

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Just one last question on the volume, we are at 9.6 million tons of capacity on crude steel basis. 
But this year we've done 7.8. So, should we expect, I mean what sort of growth should we expect 
in FY24?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
This is forward looking statement that you are asking as we never give the forward-looking 
statements.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA.  
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Two questions. First can you help us understand how much is the remaining project CAPEX on 
all the expansion projects and how we should see it split between ‘24-25?  
Bimlendra Jha:  
On Project CAPEX can you please repeat the question?  
Indrajit Agarwal: 
How much is the remaining Project CAPEX now?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
The remaining project CAPEX. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: We are evaluating the entire slate of projects that we have on our drawing board. We are looking 
at trying to make some changes to the configuration as well as we see and we expect these to get 
finalized over the next few weeks or so. We would also have to take into account some of the 
CAPEX like mine CAPEX etc. that we have not shared before. Maybe over the next few weeks 
we will be in a position to share a more definitive view of our total CAPEX slate and what we 
expect to see during this year. I would only request you to wait for the next few weeks after 
which we can give you more definitive numbers.  
Indrajit Agarwal: 
My second question is we talked about revisiting the capital allocation policy during fourth 
quarter earnings. Any update on that?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Yes, as I mentioned the next few weeks the capital allocation policy including the CAPEX 
program for the next 3 years, all of that is under finalization and review and we expect to share 
that with all of you over the next few weeks.  
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Lastly if I can squeeze one more; when do we decide on the Australian asset because this has 
been a drag for several quarters now and we have been taking write offs on that and now there 
is a growing concern on Wollongong asset as well. What are we thinking on that and what kind 
of decisions can we expect on that?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
As far as Wollongong resources are concerned, we do see it as a valuable asset. It is not as if it 
is disappearing anywhere. It has had its own challenges but there are actions being taken on the 
ground to make sure that the asset starts becoming breakeven and then has a possibility of giving 
better quality of coal. As we are focusing our efforts in that direction, we are quite confident that 
within a couple of quarters we should be seeing positive reports from that side. That is where 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
we are as of now. We are not able to say with certainty to you that this is the amount of money 
that we'll make or anything like that but it has probably seen its bottom.  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: I would only like to add that the asset has not been delivering the right return. The same question 
that you asked we are also evaluating all of the options to see what do we need to do. But our 
first effort is always to see how we can make money and I think that is where our current focus 
is from the Australian asset.  
Indrajit Agarwal: 
What was the cash burn on that asset in FY23?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: I will ask Vishal and team to share exact details maybe after the call.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets.  
Kirtan Mehta: 
Just a clarification on the coal block again, in terms of you had indicated 3.5 million in mining 
plan. Is it for Utkal-C and Gare Palma both together for this year or is it related to one particular 
mine?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
This is for Utkal-C only.  
Kirtan Mehta: 
Would you be able to indicate similar mining plan for Gare Palma and the other assets which 
could also probably come sometime during either this year or the next?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
I'll intervene in between. I am just trying to get that number. I don't have it on the top of my 
head. I'll get that number and during the call I'll tell you.  
Kirtan Mehta: 
One more question was about you have been reviewing some of the internal practices and we 
have taken some of the write off in the overseas mining subsidiaries earlier. We are again taking 
some more additional area this time as well. We are also reviewing the CAPEX plan again for 
the comprehensiveness as well. I just wanted to understand from the management side that which 
are the areas which you have reviewed so far and feel comfortable about and which are the areas 
where there is a still review ongoing apart from the overall CAPEX plan?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Maybe I'll give a few comments and I'll ask MD sir to comment. I think the review is an ongoing. 
I think in any business you will have to be constantly reviewing all of this. Some of these write-
offs, write-downs, etc., my belief is that we have done most of it as we speak because if we had 
anything further to do it we would have reflected in this quarter's results itself. It's not that we 
have a much larger slate and we are trying to drip feed these on an ongoing. That is not what we 
are doing. Whenever we recognize that there is a potential issue in realizability, we take the 
impact in that quarter. As far as the impairment of our overseas loan was concerned, we have 
taken a full and final position last quarter itself where we had done the impairment provision. 
There is no further addition to that or no further change to that. The 245 crores of impairment 
that we saw this quarter is a provision that has been taken by our Australian subsidiary. These 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
are not moving pieces in our view. We have taken a final provision as far as impairment is 
concerned for the loans that we have given to our Australian subsidiary and these inventory 
value, write downs, write offs of some of the old capital projects, I think as we speak whatever 
was having issues in terms of realizability, I believe we have taken the impact in this quarter.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
I think I must compliment the analyst community that you get your numbers almost entirely 
right. If these adjustments were not there you would have got your consensus estimate would be 
the EBITDA estimate probably. We are also not very happy with continuing to require all these 
things. We have taken this big provision after due diligence which was through the external 
agency's recommendation. We have made a very transparent call on this in the last quarter when 
we announced the results. We don't have any of the foreseeable ones but still the market is 
cyclical. Nobody ever makes definitive statement around that. Mr. Mehta I'll take this 
opportunity to also answer about Gare Palma, there also we have taken this mining lease 
permission in the range of 3.5-4 million tons per annum.  
Moderator: 
We take a next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities.  
Amit Dixit: 
A couple of questions again from my side. One is that you mentioned in your opening remarks 
that DRI plant had an unplanned shutdown. So, is it working all right now? I mean what is the 
capacity utilization currently at DRI plant?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Yes, the DRI plant had taken an unplanned shutdown. It had certain issues with certain heat 
exchanger etc. which is there has been currently some more work that has been done over there. 
I think we should be in a good position now. Now the DRI plant has again started well and this 
is working well now.  
Amit Dixit: 
One question on your rail mill, last time you indicated that there is another, this plant was setting 
up another rail mill. Now what we are facing in the country is an acute shortage of wagon wheels 
also and only SAIL produces them so far. Any chance of you entering this particular business?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
We don't have right now the plans but we would look forward to very keenly if there was any 
opportunity. There is already capacity that is there sitting with RINL and we believe that they 
can do a good job of it, their Lucknow, Raebareli facility that is there. It is adequate for India. It 
is just that they have not been able to so far commission it. We wish them all the luck because 
if that plant gets going, I don't think that there'll be a shortage.  
Amit Dixit: 
A final one sir on demand. I mean we have been hearing about the demand being soft in certain 
parts of the country particularly for long. How do you see this demand panning out in next couple 
of quarters? Due to pre-election do you see some kind of softening of projects? How do we read 
into it?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
I would say that if you look at the PMI, there are two countries amongst the major economies in 
the world that have got a positive trajectory on PMI month after month from February ‘23 to 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
April ‘23. And one is US another is India. In India that PMI has gone up from 55 to 57. In US it 
has gone up from 47 to 50. Every other major economy it is going down. As far as purchasing 
managers index is concerned that is already a positive story that is visible. We have also seen 
that the wholesale price index has come down to a negative territory now. There are anti-
inflationary pressure in the economy which means that there should be hopefully some more—
thanks to the elections etc.—we do expect the expenditures to go up on the macroeconomic 
basis. What has happened is though that the China story has not unfolded the way the world 
expected and as a result there has been some uncertainty around the world as far as steel prices 
are concerned particularly the HRC benchmark. Now as a result of that people may be holding 
back but fortunately customers are not sitting on huge inventories, so they can't hold back for 
long. But it is a good practice anyway to not hold because that creates an artificial demand. We 
are happy with the demand that is genuine and creates a pull into the economy. We are not seeing 
any reasons to worry as far as India is concerned. As far as exports is concerned there are 
opportunities that continue to be there across the globe but more particularly in Europe. We don't 
see it as a matter of concern but in the steel industry nobody has a great crystal ball and we need 
to always be mindful of the fact that it is a cyclical industry and small cues can result in big 
changes. Given that caveat I would say that we have a more positive outlook from an India 
perspective. 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Vikash Singh from PhillipCapital.  
Vikash Singh: 
Just pertaining to again your inventory write downs. Given that this quarter we have seen the net 
realization going up as in your comments that the iron ore cost was also higher. This is essentially 
entirely on the coal write downs or there's something else to it? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: No, I think as I mentioned this is a combination of several finished goods and raw materials. So, 
they were old gran-shots, there were some iron ore fines. I think it's a combination of several 
items which we thought would not have the full realizability and we have decided to give a write 
downs for write off to some of these items. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Also, slag. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Slag also. 
Vikash Singh: 
Just adjacent to this basically given the coal has been continuously on a downward trajectory, 
do you think that the more write downs with respect to coal or something related to that could 
come in 1Q or we are done with most of their write downs? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Again, as I mentioned see you have to appreciate this is going to be an ongoing process. Every 
quarter we will have to assess the realizability of all our items in the balance sheet whether it is 
inventory or fixed assets. As I said we have full reason to believe that as of today, wherever we 
had our view that there is going to be an impact to the realizability we have reflected that in our 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
financials. So that essentially means whatever is there will be fully realizable. That's our 
assessment at this point of time. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
As a practice one shouldn't be having a book value higher than the realizable value and that is 
the ongoing good business prudence and fiscal discipline that companies need to have. That is 
all that our CFO is saying. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Yes. 
Vikash Singh: 
I was just a little bit confused because since if steel prices are going up or even iron ore prices 
are up, how can be a certain portion of fines has to be a write down. That is something which 
was baffling us? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: These were not in a usable condition maybe that is how I would put it.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
I will explain that to you. I hope if you have seen a steel plant particularly the raw material yard 
sometimes what happens is that even though you keep on storing the quantity at the bottom it 
becomes almost unextractable, it becomes part of the ground. When we do the inventory 
valuation, we see the usability of these assets and we take a call. It has become almost like the 
surface on which the material is stored. These are small calls that have been taken. In the large 
scheme of things these are small numbers. I would say that it is just a prudent assessment. All 
the audit of stocks that is regularly undertaken and this is taken on that basis. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Indeed, and it's a combination of several items. As I mentioned it's not just iron ore it is slag 
inventory, it is iron or fines, it is Panther Shorts. Several items is what I would say. 
Vikash Singh: 
My second question regarding our debt. Given we have an aggressive CAPEX plan do you think 
that our debt would increase from current levels going forward and what kind of the peak debt 
levels is acceptable to company? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: As we have been maintaining, our policy is to be lesser than net debt to EBITDA of 1.5X through 
the cycles. I think that is our policy that we've been constantly maintaining. We are currently at 
around 0.7 or so and clearly as we have mentioned earlier for JSO we have signed up for around 
15,700 crores of debt. We have not drawn down anything so far. All of this has been funded 
through our internal approvals. As the EC gets approved, and once we are in a position to draw 
down, we will definitely start drawing down on the sanctioned debt. I would again like to repeat 
that we would definitely want to operate in the 1.5X net-debt-to-EBITDA through the cycle. 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Just to clarify it again it is best that we understand our objective as well as a previously stated 
position on zero net debt. As far as JSP is concerned we are well on our way to move in that 
direction. As far as JSO is concerned it is a new entity that has been created as a fully owned 
subsidiary and most of the debt will potentially reside over there. Balance of things, up and 
down, keep on happening working capital will keep on happening but this is the direction of 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
travel. Now we have also stated our growth ambition that we will try to be the largest steel 
producer at a single location in Odisha etc. We will constantly evaluate those investment 
opportunities, any acquisition opportunities and therefore we want to keep our gunpowder dry 
and we want to remain disciplined about the amount of debt that we would like to tolerate and 
that tolerance level has been defined as 1.5x. Now obviously with the cyclical industry that X 
can change but even through the down cycle we don't want to violate this 1.5X. So now you can 
do your math on the subject and see where we will go. 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Institutional Equities.  
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Two quick questions. One is in volume because we already are 9.6 million tons for long but still 
unable to achieve that capacity. So is it because of and because last year we have seen lots of 
issues regarding transportation and other things. Is it demand led or supply led and if its supply 
led when do we expect to reach optimal capacity of these 9.6 million tons?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Yes, so first of all the 9.6 million tons capacity that is there is an upstream capacity. It is not full 
capacity as of now in terms of the finished goods. This is at a metallics level that we have this 
capacity. Secondly there have been challenges in the past about the availability of coal etc. for 
operating our CGP-GRI completely which is now as you are aware that with Utkal-C opening 
up that won't be a constraint at least. So, we would be increasingly utilizing this capacity but the 
ability to utilize this capacity also comes in temporarily from the slab casters coming on stream 
before the blast furnaces come on stream. So, there is an opportunity where the metallics will no 
longer be a constraint. Metallics will eventually become a constraint all over again simply 
because there will be so much of pull from the downstream units. One of the reasons why 
sometimes we choose not to produce something is because it may not make sense from a 
commercial angle. Sometimes of course there are blips in the supply chain particularly 
transportation etc. So usually, these combinations of factors work but as far as our capability to 
utilize the metallics is concerned, I think very soon we will have a metallics constraint which 
means we may end up buying metallics. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
My question remains the same. When can we expect the optimum capacity utilization of these 
9.6 million tons?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
The optimum capacity utilization should be when we open the hot strip mill and slab caster that 
will be the most optimal time for capacity utilization at metallics level.  
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Second question is you mentioned in your opening remarks that the CAPEX we have done 
around 5,800 crores CAPEX this year whereas in presentation or in our cash flows it shows 
around 6,448. I was just wondering are we referring the different CAPEX numbers or something 
which I'm missing? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Again, I will maybe request Vishal and the IR team to give you the if there is a different set of 
numbers, they'll clarify with you. 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Bimlendra Jha: 
But I think the reason why you are looking at two different numbers is because of consolidated 
versus standalone. So, we'll give you that clarity.  
Ashish Kejriwal: 
I doubt because in standalone it's 2,400-2,500 crores only. Can't be because in standalone we are 
not doing much of CAPEX. All CAPEX is done in the new 100% subsidiary. So, I will check 
from Vishal.  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy:  Yes please, the team will clarify to you.  
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Lastly an Australian subsidiary yes, we have been saying a lot about it for last 1.5 or 2 years and 
giving different guidance every time but I don't know whether we are investing a lot in that to 
ramp up that capacity or is there any operational issues which we are unable to solve because 
1.5 years we have not reached to even 50%-60% of what we promised. What's the actual issue 
which we are trying to address and that will help us to achieve a million tons run rate? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Maybe first I'll clarify a couple of points and then I'll ask MD sir to maybe respond to your other 
question. Firstly, we have not been giving different guidances on Australia. We've been 
consistently maintaining that it is not realizing the desired returns and that is precisely the reason 
we have taken an impairment provision in the last quarter. So, I'm not sure why you're referring 
to different guidances. That is number one. Number two as we mentioned just now our first 
priority is also to see how we can turn it around and how we can make it profitable. So, towards 
this we have also said that we might be making small CAPEXs to the extent of $10-15- 20 
million but nothing substantially. If with this we are still not seeing the desired results then we 
will review and look at what are the options available here but I just wanted to clarify a couple 
of these points but I'll request MD sir to maybe add on to what are the kind of actions that we 
are looking at.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Yes, so first of all your question is pertinent that what is it that is happening in Australia? What 
is happening in Australia is a combination of factors. There was, one was that there is an 
operational aspect where there has been some streamlining done. Even the shift level changes 
have been made, some mining faces that were not giving returns have been stopped versus some 
other faces, we are working on that. There was an issue with the Multibolters that is being 
resolved. There is a FGX that is being installed. But these are not big CAPEX items. These are 
small CAPEX items and in the scheme of things and we will be very soon hopefully within a 
quarter or so we should start seeing the result of all the actions combined together to start giving 
better results. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Lastly if I heard correctly, you said that we don't wish to violate 1.5X net-debt-to-EBITDA even 
in the down cycle or any of the mid-cycle, mid-year also, that’s right?  
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: Yes, 1.5X net-debt-to-EBITDA through the cycles is what we mentioned. This is what we've 
been consistently maintaining. 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
There was a down cycle also.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Even in the down cycle I wouldn’t like to violate 1.5x, I did say that and I'm sticking my neck 
out of it saying that yes, we'll do it.  
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Pardon me for a bit of my ignorance. I just wanted to understand the timeline. So, in this quarter 
we have taken this depreciation thing of around 269 crores at the Australian sub. In the prior 
quarter we had an impairment provisioning of nearly 7,700 crores of the 60% of total 
investments in further loans and advances. I just wanted to understand the sequence of timing. 
How is it that we did the impairment provisioning before it was done by the Australian sub? So, 
one is why the timing mismatch and secondly if I had to read across, we had provided for this 
quantum does it necessarily mean that incrementally we'll go and write off this particular 
amount? That's the first question. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: I think you will have to differentiate both of this. The provision that we had made in the previous 
quarter that you're referring to was for the investments that JSP had made in its subsidiary JSP 
Mauritius. The provision was for that. The impairment that we are talking about this year is an 
impairment provision that has been done by the Australian entity based on their standalone 
assessment of the realizability of the value. They are two different things. I think we are talking 
of two different entities over here and they are two different things. I think it is important for 
you to understand and appreciate that. 
Ritesh Shah: 
These are two separate entities that we are looking at. I understand the structure JSPML and then 
basically we have the Australian entity but to my understanding we are talking about the same 
underlying asset which could be Wollongong or something else in Australia. Please correct me 
if I'm going wrong. 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: No, you're absolutely right. It is the same underlying asset. The first impairment was in the books 
of JSP India related to the investment that made in Mauritius and what we are talking about now 
is in the books of the Australian business for reflecting the correct carrying value. 
Ritesh Shah: 
I have more questions for there. I'll speak with you. My second question was I understand JSPL, 
the company had a tolling arrangement with Jindal Stainless. They had some spare capacity on 
hot strip mill. I just wanted to understand how much was the tolling volumes and how much we 
used to pay Jindal Stainless on a per ton basis? The reason to ask is basically once we have 
HSMs probably in Q3 what you indicated that would be something which will also incrementally 
accrue to us?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Currently we are doing nil. It is opportunistic market, opportunistic time. When hot roll coil 
prices were going through the roof there was a big opportunity; we would do the toll rolling at 
Jindal Stainless. When my slabs can fetch better realization than that then I sell my slabs because 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
I have got the surplus capacity today. It has got nothing to do with when I have my hot strip mill. 
When my hot ship mill is there, it operates full out to the extent that metallics are available. 
Ritesh Shah: 
But on FY23 basis any numbers on volume stood and how much we paid on a per ton basis to 
them? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
That would become a forward-looking statement and I would avoid it.  
Ritesh Shah: 
I'm saying on a backward-looking, actual number FY23, actuals? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
FY23 actuals I'm sorry my reading was that going forward. The question was FY23, what is the 
question? 
Ritesh Shah: 
How much did we toll by Jindal stainless HSM that is a tolling volume and how much did we 
pay to them on a per ton basis? I'm just trying to understand that this would be an incremental 
saving which would come to us when we commission our own HSM? 
Vishal Chandak: 
We will take this offline, post the call. 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Arijit Dutta from Kotak Mutual Fund.  
Arijit Dutta: 
Two questions starting with the new capacities that is coming. Last time in Angul Phase 1 what 
I remember that we struggled to ramp up the capacity. It took quite a bit of time and pain to ramp 
up. If you can throw some light at what are the learnings from that one and how we are expecting 
this slow ramp up will not happen this time? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Hopefully we have improved as management. That is all I can say. No, the learning on any ramp 
up is that whether the readiness is there for the full ramp up or not, as far as hot strip mill is 
concerned, we are working on a full ramp up and the plan is in such a manner that when we start, 
we start with a full capacity to the extent that metallics are available. So, to the extent of the 
mismatch between the metallics availability and the capacity of the mill obviously the mill 
capacity is much higher compared to the spare metallics that we have and therefore we would 
be ramping it up in proportion to the metallics that we have available. 
Arijit Dutta: 
Well, my question was more so like last time that made was from a different supplier say Chinese 
kind of thing which we have avoided this time and that's why we think that this time things are 
a bit different? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
What supplier? I couldn't understand your question. Last time what happened? 
Arijit Dutta: 
Last time some supplier issue, some product quality issue which we have not purchased, 
procured from a better supplier kind of thing. Anything from that part which you would like to 
emphasize this time to have a better surety on the ramp up? Is it both of bit. 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Bimlendra Jha: 
You give me your assessment on SMS as a supplier, as far as hot strip mill is concerned. We 
have gone to the best. You give me an assessment of Danieli as a supplier as far as caster is 
concerned, you give me your assessment on Metso as a supplier as far as pellet plant is 
concerned. We have not gone to the people who do not know their jobs. 
Arijit Dutta: 
The second question is more like feedback that you are getting from your sales team particularly 
on how the market is shaping up now. Not a forward-looking statement but what is happening 
currently especially as the coal prices are moving down, Indonesian coal strips are available at 
a cheaper price. The secondary DRI based capacity is ramping up at the same point of time there 
are liquidity issues. What your marketing guys are saying is there a pressure on the prices and 
the inventory level is moving up in the system. Any color on that side? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
Arijit have you met a marketing guy who ever says that prices I can get much more? They always 
tell you that competition is not pricing… 
Arijit Dutta: 
On the competition? 
Bimlendra Jha: 
There is definitely a bit of inventory in the system. If you look at all the major steel players 
inventories, there is inventory in the system and that is something that we all need to recognize. 
But a more elaborate answer I gave you earlier on the basis of the PMI which is positive so the 
outlook is positive. There may be a short-term issue of March inventory is still not getting 
washed out of the system or some players sitting on high inventories and therefore taking a 
different kind of a pricing action. Those are things that keep happening in the market and it is 
almost an annual phenomenon. You can take a call based on what collectively the players are 
thinking and deciding and this is a bit of a game theory so let's leave it at that but as far as 
marketing team is concerned it is far more important to look at procurement managers indexes 
as a sign of confidence. 
Arijit Dutta: 
My worry was bit more on the liquidity side and we are heading towards monsoon at the same 
point of time inventory is there, DRI players are ramping up. So how things are shaping up some 
confirmation from you?  
Bimlendra Jha: 
No, I understand your question and I think we have given you that answer.  
So, it is already 7 O’ clock. We would like to take one last question if at all otherwise we would 
like to close the call. 
Moderator: 
We take our last question from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. 
Alok Deora: 
One is on my export we have seen a pretty decent jump from 5%, it's now nearly 11% of the 
volume. But off late we have seen a pretty sharp correction in prices specially in global market. 
I'm not really asking a very specific number but do you think the export could kind of be subdued 
ahead in FY24 specially in the first half? 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Bimlendra Jha: 
For me I have always maintained that export is done for two reasons. One is that we have existing 
customer relationships that have to be maintained. Now unfortunately the Government of India 
decided otherwise at some point in time and those relationships were broken and people's supply 
chains got shifted a bit. There is an effort at re-establishing some of the good customers 
relationships as a matter of continuity. The second reason for export when volumes really move 
in either direction, it is because of a demand supply gap. Now last year, the last financial year, 
the consumption in India went up by 12% whereas the production went up by 5% or 6%. Now 
that tells you that even if people had opportunities for export they would have probably supplied 
in domestic market, any serious player would have done that. We do not see exports as the 
mainstay of our business. We want to maintain continuous but flexible presence in exports and 
we want to maintain the continuity with those with whom we are having a fruitful long-term 
relationship. That's our view on exports. Opportunistic exports can always be done and 
sometimes just to relieve pressure on the domestic system we use exports as a pressure release 
valve. 
Alok Deora: 
Also, just coming back to one point on the depreciation side which is much higher on a QoQ 
basis. You mentioned about that one impairment which you have taken. So, going forward this 
roughly 600 crores, a quarterly run rate would kind of continue or any color on that, on the 
depreciation side how much that could be going ahead? 
Ramkumar Ramaswamy: The 600 crores that you are referring to is our current ongoing run rate based on what we have 
in our balance sheet. You would recognize that we are also embarking upon a capital expansion 
program. Some of these as the program comes online, some of the assets start getting capitalized. 
The run rate will of course change but otherwise still such time it is fair to assume that the current 
run rate that you mentioned would you will see for the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back over to Mr. Amit Murarka from Axis Capital for closing comments. Over to 
you sir.  
Bimlendra Jha: 
Just to give you the closing comments on the subject. I think it is the world is not in a very stable 
state but India is on a growth trajectory. So, these are the two opposite forces that we need to be 
mindful of as we look at the steel industry but we are quite bullish about the steel industry in 
India. We do believe that there is, apart from small blips here or there, steel industry has a strong 
future and it is good to back this industry. Also, we believe that this is the right quarter for 
improvement from the perspective of demand. However, that demand may have been little 
subdued due to the pressure of March that we have seen so far or the inventories that may be 
with some of the players. So other than that, we do not have reasons to worry. India's growth 
trajectory also indicates that this year there is likelihood of, in this calendar year there is a 
likelihood of 8 million tons of demand addition which is also supposed to carry on in the next 
calendar year. So, 16 million tons of demand coming within a period of less than 18 months or 
so is what is expected. We can all take our call based on some of these projections. These are all 

 
Jindal Steel & Power 
May 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
World Steel Association consensus projections. So, we can rely on these and based on all these 
numbers I think companies that are engaged in construction activity and also, we are seeing a 
better uptick in auto, in yellow goods, in white goods. I think there are a lot of positives to draw 
on the fundamentals and let's stay positive as far as the steel industry is concerned. Thank you 
very much for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Axis Capital Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
 
This transcript may not be 100 % accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. The Company retains all 
rights to this transcript and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. The Company shall have no liability for 
errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages in 
connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the information nor any opinion expressed in 
this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities or commodities. The opinions expressed in this 
transcript are solely of the individuals and would urge investors not to solely base their business decisions on them. Also, any 
forward-looking statements made on the call are purely indicative and subjective in nature and could change materially based 
on variety of factors including but not limited to market conditions, demographics, political situations, pandemic etc. 
 
