 
 
Date: June 01, 2023 
 
1. The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Scrip Code: NAUKRI) 
 
2. The Manager- Listing 
BSE Limited 
(Scrip Code: 532777) 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q4 FY 2022-23 Post Result Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
   
In furtherance to our letter dated May 27, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, given below is the link of the transcript of 
the Conference Call on the Financial Results for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2023, held on 
Friday, May 26, 2023 at 05:30 PM (IST), post declaration of results. The same has been updated on the 
website of the Company 
 
Link: https://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/financial_pdfs/f_Earnings/investor-concall-transcript-
26may2023.pdf   
 
A copy of the transcript of the Conference Call is enclosed herewith. 
. 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Info Edge (India) Ltd.  
 
 
 
Chintan Thakkar 
Whole-time Director & CFO 
 
 
CHINTAN 
ARVIND 
THAKKAR
Digitally signed by 
CHINTAN ARVIND 
THAKKAR 
Date: 2023.06.01 
11:13:29 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Info Edge Q4 FY 22-23 Results Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV BIKHCHANDANI – FOUNDER & VICE 
CHAIRMAN, INFO EDGE (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. HITESH OBEROI-CO-PROMOTER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, INFO EDGE (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. CHINTAN THAKKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
INFO EDGE (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 

Anand Prakash Bansal: Good afternoon, everyone. We are about to start. I am Anand Prakash 
Bansal and along with my colleague, Vivek, hosting this call. Vivek, we have 100 people with 
us. We can start. 
 
Vivek Aggarwal: Yeah. Thanks, Anand. Hi, everyone. Good evening. Our sincere apologies for 
being late on the call. We welcome everyone to InfoEdgeQ4 and Full Year Financial Year 23 
Results Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be on listen- only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need any assistance in the call, please raise your hand on the screen. Please note that this 
call is being recorded. From the management side, we have Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani, 
Founder and Vice Chairman, Mr. Hitesh Oberoi, Co-Promotor and Managing Director and Mr. 
Chintan Thakkar, our CFO. Before we begin today, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
some risk and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide number two of the investor presentation for 
detailed Disclaimer. I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh for his opening remarks. 
Thanks and over to you, Hitesh. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thank you, Vivek and apologies once again for starting a little late. Good 
evening, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. We will start 
with an update on standalone financials and then cover the financials of each business in 
more detail. The audited financial statements and other schedules on segmental billing, 
revenues, etc. along with our data sheet have been uploaded on our website infoedge.in. 
Overall, billings in Q4 stood at Rs 748.6 crores, a year-on-year growth of 15.3 %. For FY23, 
billing stood at Rs 2366.3 crores, a year-on-year growth of 26.8 %. Revenue in Q4 stood at Rs 
564 crores, a year-on-year growth of 23.8%. For FY23, revenues stood at Rs 2158.6 crores, 
year-on-year growth of 38.2%.  
Billing in revenues along with acquired businesses, Zwayam and Do Select, for the quarter 
stood at Rs 770.4 crores and Rs 586 crores respectively. 
For FY23, billing with acquired businesses stood at Rs 2433.4 crores, a year-on-year growth of 
28.7%. Operating expenses for the quarter excluding depreciation and amortization were Rs 
343.7 crores, a year-on-year growth of 5%. For FY23, operating expenses were Rs 1374.4 
crores, a year-on-year growth of 25.1 %. Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs 220.3 
crores versus Rs 128 crores reported last year, a year-on-year growth of 72 %. 
 And for FY23, operating EBITDA grew 69 % year-on-year to Rs 784 crores from Rs 464.3 crores 
last year. Operating EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 39.1 % compared to 28.1% last 
year. For FY23, EBITDA margins stood at 36.3 % compared to 29.7 % for last year. Operating 
EBITDA including acquired businesses stood at Rs 231.6 crores, a year-on-year growth of 70.9 
%. For FY23, operating EBITDA including acquired businesses stood at Rs 807 crores, a year-
on-year growth of 73.3 %.  During the quarter, we impaired an amount of Rs 12 crores granted 
as ICD to 4B Network Pvt Limited.  

Cash generation from operations for the quarter stood at Rs 412.9 crores compared to Rs 
374.3 crores in Q4 FY22, a year-on-year growth of 10 %. For FY23, cash generated from 
operations stood at Rs 1038.5 crores, a year-on-year growth of 14.5 %. Deferred sales 
revenues stood at Rs 1,018.5 crores as of 31st March 2023 versus 819.6 crores as of 31st 
March 2022, a year-on-year growth of 24.3 %.  
 
The cash balance of Info Edge including the wholly owned subsidiary stands at Rs 3,490 crores 
as of 31st March 2023. In the recruitment market, we are witnessing a period of cautious 
spending from customers in IT. The Q4 Job Speak reported a nominal growth of 1 % primarily 
due to de growth the IT space. On the other hand, positive hiring patterns emerged in sectors 
like BFSI, real estate, auto, ancillary, travel, and hospitality segments during the quarter.  
 
The Indian real estate market continues to be stable and certain micro markets are very, very 
hot.Though the price increases have stabilized in the last Q4, the inventory levels are still 
lowest in the last decade and we're expecting a series of new launches in both the residential 
and commercial space. 
In the education space, we are seeing stability return to colleges and universities and the 
number of students going overseas for education also continues to go up.  
Moving on to the financials of the recruitment business, in Q4 of 23, the recruitment segment 
billings were Rs 583.5 crores, a year-on-year growth of 13.7 %, while revenues were Rs 437.6 
crores, a year-on-year growth of 27.1 %.  
 
For FY 23, billing stood at Rs 1858.7 crores, a year-on-year growth of 29.54 %, while revenues 
stood at 1679.6 crores, a year-on-year growth of 45.5 %. Operating EBITDA for the 
recruitment business stood at Rs 271.5 crores, a year-on-year growth of 31.3 %, and margins 
stood at 62.1% against 60.1 % in Q4 of last year. For FY 23, operating EBITDA stood at 1030.9 
crores, a year-on-year growth of 51.6 %, and operating EBITDA margin was 61.4 % up from 
58.9 % last year. Cash generated from operations for the recruitment in the recruitment 
business during the quarter stood at Rs 447.3 crores, up from Rs 412.1 crores in Q4 of last 
year. The recruitment business generated Rs 1245 crores of cash from operations in FY 23, a 
year-on-year growth of 21.8 %. Billings for Naukri India corporate business for the quarter 
stood at Rs 494.3 crores, a year-on-year growth of 12.4 %, while revenues for the quarter 
from Naukri India business stood at 367.8 crores, a year-on-year growth of 37.3 %.  
 
Billings for Naukri India for FY 23, stood at 1567.2 crores, a year-on-year growth of 31 %. 
Recruitment segment billing including acquired businesses for the quarter stood at Rs 
605.3 crores, a year-on-year growth of 14.3 %, for FY 23 recruitment segment billing with 
acquired businesses stood at Rs 1925.8 crores, a year-on-year growth of 31.7 %.  
The quarter witnessed a strong sales effort with judicious use of discount reduction and price 
increases. Growth drivers in non-IT sectors helped drive billing growth in this quarter and are 

likely to continue the growth momentum. Global concerns are likely to impact prospects of 
clients in the IT services in India, but we're optimistic of hiring by captives and global GCCs.  
 
 The Naukri site got around 20,000 new CVs registrations per day during 
the quarter, an year-on-year growth of 2 %. Daily active user account is up 10 % year-on-year 
as well.  
We increased our marketing spend by 150 % during the year with the view to enhance our 
branch salience amongst existing users and focus on increasing reach of our digital-led 
engagement and social media campaigns targeting the Gen Z audience. 
 
Traffic on Ambition box also continued to grow at a healthy rate during the year.  
 
Moving on to the 99 acres business, billings in Q4 and 99 acres grew 30.8 % year-on-year and 
stood at Rs 103.7 crores, while revenue grew from Rs 61.3 crores in Q4’22 to Rs 75.5 crores 
in Q4 of 23, a year-on-year growth of 23.1 %. For FY23, billing stood at Rs 311.6 crores, a year-
on-year growth of 35 %, while revenue stood at Rs 284.5 crores, a year-on-year growth of 31 
%. The operating loss for the quarter for 99 acres stood at Rs 19.1 crores, as against the loss 
of Rs 33.8 crores in Q4 of last year.  
For Full year, operating loss stood at Rs 107 crores against the loss of Rs 78 crores last year. 
In Q4, the 99acres business reported a cash inflow from operations of Rs 13.5 crores of the 
quarter, against an inflow of Rs 3.6 crores in the same quarter of last year. 
For the full year, the business reported a cash outflow of Rs 72.2 crores. 
 
The 99acres business witnessed a broad-based growth across all categories in this vertical 
resale, rental, commercial, and new homes. A healthy demand environment, increased traffic 
on the platform and multiple initiatives by the business teams to improve content quality led 
to significant increase in inquiries and leads on the platform for our clients.  
A stronger sales rigor and comprehensive Go to Market to cater to launch stage marketing 
was the key highlight of the quarter. 
We will continue to invest in platform content, plan delivery, and marketing in the months to 
come.  
Moving on to the education business, in Q4, in Shiksha, billing stood at Rs 40.9 crores, a year-
on-year growth of 42.4 %, while revenue stood at Rs 32 crores, a year-on-year growth of 31.1 
%. For FY23, billing stood at Rs 123.9 crores, a year-on-year growth of 28.4 %, while revenue 
stood at Rs 116.9 crores, a year-on-year growth of 29 %. The business made an EBITDA of Rs 
2.3 crores in the quarter against an EBITDA of Rs 4.8 crores in Q4 of last year. 
For Full Year, EBITDA stood at Rs 7.8 crores, down from Rs 19.5 crores reported last year. Cash 
inflow from operations for the quarter in the Shiksha business stood at Rs 15 crores against 
an inflow of Rs 10.2 crores in Q4 of last year. For FY23, cash inflow from operations stood at 
Rs 21.1 crores. T 

he rebound in the Shiksha domestic business helped drive growth for this quarter. With many 
more private universities and colleges in India being established, we expect this growth to 
continue.  
 
Moving on to the Jeevansathi business, billings in Q4 in Jeevansathi declined by 27 % year-on-
year to Rs 20.5 crores, and revenue declined by 26 % year-on-year to Rs 18.8 crores. For FY23, 
billing stood at Rs 72.1 crores, a year-on-year decline of 29 %, while revenue stood at 77.6 
crores, a year-on-year decline of 22.5 %. The operating EBITDA losses for the quarter stood at 
Rs 21.9 crores for the quarter against a loss of Rs 38.8 crores in Q4 of last year. Operating loss 
for FY23 stood at Rs 101.4 crores against an operating loss of 120.4 crores reported last year. 
Cash outflow from operations for the quarter stood at Rs 19.4 crores against an outflow of Rs 
29.3 crores in Q4 of last year. Cash outflow for FY23 stood at Rs 126.2 crores. 
The free chat model in Jeevansathi continues to try profile growth and engagement on the 
platform. New paid products launched in December resulted in some sequential sales growth.  
The team continues to explore ways and means to monetize the increase in traffic on the 
platform. In continuing with our standard strategy, we are reducing our advertising and 
promotion spends during the quarter. We continue to reduce our advertising and promotion 
spend during the quarter. Advertising spend was down 51 % year-on-year and 6.6 % 
sequentially. 
 
 Moving on to the consolidated financials. At the consolidated levels, the net sales of the 
company stood at Rs 604.8 crores versus Rs 472.9 crores in Q4 of last year. For the 
consolidated entity, at the total comprehensive income level, there is a loss of Rs 414.8 crores 
versus a loss of Rs 6420 crores for the corresponding previous year.  
Adjusted for the exceptional items, PBT stood at a loss of Rs 349.5 crores in Q4 versus a profit 
of Rs 285.7 crores in Q4 of last year. Thank you. That's all from us and we are now happy to 
take questions. 
 
 Vivek: Thanks, Hitesh. We'll now begin Q&A session. anyone who wishes to ask a question, 
raise your hand, we will take your name and announce your turn in the question queue. We 
will wait for the question queue to build up. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Vivek. Thanks, Hitesh. The first question is from Vivekanand 
Ambit Capital. Vivek go in and ask your question. 
 
Vivekanand : Hello. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two questions. The first 
one being on the recruitment business. So, Hitesh, in your opening comments, you mentioned 
that there is obviously some pain or perhaps caution as far as IT companies are concerned. 
So, heading into FY24, how are you thinking about the billing trends given that job speak has 
been fairly muted. That's question one. Secondly, on 99 acres, thanks for the opening 
comments. So, it's clear that all segments of the markets are growing. So, my question here 

is, is the market growing much faster than what we reported, given that we have slipped on 
traffic when I look at similar web data. And if you could give us some sense on what you are 
doing to mitigate this decline in traffic. Or am I looking at it wrongly? Thank you. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi : yeah to answer your first question, IT hiring. So, we expect IT hiring to 
continue to be slow for at least a couple of quarters. IT hiring, IT jobs on the platform moved 
into negative territory sometime back. And we, from what we are sort of seeing around us, 
what we hear from our customers, we don't expect, you know, we expect things to continue 
to be like they are for some more time. Of course, a lot will depend on what happens to the 
US economy. And in the past, what we've seen is every time there's been a slowdown, you 
know, while Indian IT companies do get hit for a few quarters, but after that, you always see 
a sharp bounce back because more and more jobs are outsourced to India because when 
companies want to cut costs in the US, they end up outsourcing more jobs to India over time.  
 
Whether that will happen this time around or not, it's hard to say. But, yeah, I mean, IT 
companies are sort of slow right now when it comes to hiring. The non-IT market continues 
to be rock solid. many sectors are doing very well. Sectors like BFSI, sectors like travel, retail, 
hospitality, sectors like auto-ancillary, sectors like construction and real estate, these sectors 
are sort of growing well and they continue to hire a lot of people. So could there be a further 
slowdown in IT hiring over the next few months, possible. 99acres, we haven't seen a 
reduction in traffic. In fact, our traffic has grown over time.  
 
 And we've done a lot of changes, made a lot of changes to the platform, which has resulted 
in the platform generating many more inquiries and many more leads for our clients than was 
the case earlier. And that's reflecting in our numbers as well. Q4, you know, billing growth 
was 31%. Full year billing growth was 35%. The business generated cash actually in Q4.We 
made a 13-crore cash profit in 99 acers in Q4. And this has happened despite us, you know, 
reducing marketing spends in Q4 and despite heightened competitive activity as well. So it's 
not as if competition is not spending all the money, some of our competitors are very 
aggressive in the market.  
 
 Are we growing faster than the market? Well, the market, some markets are, some real 
estate markets are doing well, and real estate is very sort of local. And there's a lot of, for 
example, you know, real estate is doing really well in Gurgaon and Noida, but maybe not in 
many parts of Delhi. So real estate is very local. So some hot spots are doing very well. And 
because there were very few launches during COVID, the amount of unsold inventory in the 
market has gone down, which is leading to higher prices. So a lot of the growth that we are 
seeing in real estate is price driven, while we didn't really aggressively take up prices last year. 
Our growth is mostly volume driven in 99 acres. 
 

Vivekanand: Okay, this is helpful. Just one clarification on the outlook as far as IT hiring, and 
your monetization is concerned. So understand that IT hiring, there could be more slowdown, 
but are you taking any initiative maybe on the product side or on the pricing side or any other 
such initiative that is helping you perhaps buck the trend as far as, you know, your billing 
trends versus say, perhaps the headcount addition by IT services companies? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi : See, there's little that we can do on IT hiring right now because see, hiring has 
slowed down. So of course, we are trying to sell more and more new products to our 
customers. But what we are working on actually a little more right now is the non-IT side 
because that's where the opportunity is. So we are fine tuning our product offering for non-
IT customers because they are still hiring, and they are hiring in large numbers and there is 
scope to monetize them better. so that's likely to be the focus for the next few months. On 
the IT hiring side, we are, it's a wait and watch game. We of course continue to work on our 
product. We continue to grow our platform. We continue to invest in some of the long-term 
projects that we've been pursuing. But it's unlikely that we can do anything in the short term 
which will move the needle on IT monetization for us. 
 
Vivekanand: Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thanks 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Vivek. Next question is from Abhishek Bandari from Nomura. 
Abhishek, go ahead and ask your question 
 
Abhishek Bandari: yeah Thank you, Hitesh, Chintan. Despite sounding cautious on IT hiring 
for last two, three quarters consistently, we have been able to do a billing growth in double 
digit and given the momentum X of IT, do you think you know we could still look at these kind 
of numbers, notwithstanding the problem what we're seeing in IT at least in FY 24 ? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi : See, 50% of our billing comes from non-IT and about 50% is IT at a very macro 
level. Now, if the non-IT, if the economy does well, if the economy starts to grow at 6-7% per 
annum, for example, the non-IT hiring piece could grow at 25-30% per annum. On the other 
hand, if the economy were to slow down, then even non-IT hiring could take a hit. IT hiring 
has been very, very slow for about 3-5 months now and could continue to be slow for the next 
3-4-5 months. We don't know when the IT hiring market will turn and have we hit the bottom? 
I don't know. Right We will know only in a couple of months. So, we are hoping and banking 
on the fact that IT hiring will turn around by H2 sometime and the non-IT market will continue 
to be solid. And if the non-IT market continues to be solid and if IT hiring turns around in the 
second half this year, then we may still end up with, Naukri business growing in the teens 
somewhere. But if IT hiring were to slow down further and the economy were to also sort of 
move sideways, you know then it could be a challenge. 

 
Abhishek Bandari: Got it. That's helpful, Hitesh. Hitesh, my second and last question is, you 
know, any thinking around now lifting the dividend payout for the shareholders? You know, 
we are generating such a handsome amount of cash from our, you know, core business. The 
business does not need too much investment. We have, you know, almost 3,500 crore cash 
lying. But yet, you know, our dividend payouts are very, very low. You know, we are just 
paying 9 Rs in Q4. So, do you think you would want to increase the payout ratios from the 
current level? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Chintan, you want to take that? 
 
Chintan Thakkar: Sure, so, this 9 Rs, you know, first of all, it's more as a factual clarification. 
This 9 Rs is the final dividend. We already gave 10 Rs as an interim dividend as well. So, its Rs 
19 Rs overall. But I understand the overall question that in comparison to the amount of cash 
that we have this may look small. If you look at dividend policy, which is there on our website 
as well, that we usually distribute a certain portion of cash, and that's what we have done. 
So, if you look at it this year, it's like 35% of PAT. So, it's like one third of the cash that we earn, 
we have given as dividend. Now, is there a case for any special dividend? I think that's a very 
separate consideration. We still think that there could be an opportunity for us to invest in 
this money and we continue to look for good opportunities for the same. So, right now we 
would like to hold on to the same, but should an opportunity arise, should that occasion arise, 
where we think that this cash is in excess of what we think we require. Certainly, we can look 
at special dividend or buy-buy or something, but right now there is no thinking on those lines. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: May I add to that? Sanjeev here. So, look, I think we have ah customer 
advances that money doesn't belong to us. What is the amount of customer advances we 
have right now? 
 
Chintan Thakkar: Should be around 800, my guess could be worng around 1100 crores. 
 
Vivek Aggarwal: around 1100 crores 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: 1100 crores, so that is not our money. So, that is bank, you know, in 
tomorrow in case customers ask for it back, you know, if something goes wrong and they have 
to get it back, that goes back to customers. So, you move 1100 crores from 3400, 3500, you're 
left with 2300 crores. You want to keep some rainy-day money, you want to keep some money 
for acquisitions, you want to keep some money, in case there's a serious downturn, and cash 
goes down. So, it's not that much money, but, you know, I'll give you a couple of examples of 
situations where this seemingly high cash balance has helped us, the most latest one being 
COVID.  
 

So, in March 24th, 2020, there was a lockdown enforced by the Government of India. April- 
June 2020, Nakuri billing growth, I think was minus 44%. there was no clue, nobody had a clue 
as to what was going to happen, how long the lockdown will continue, how severe the 
pandemic was going to be, is there a vaccine, is there a cure, what was going to happen to 
hospital capacity, and everybody was at home.  
 
At that time, we asked Chintan, and we gave him a simple sort of thing to solve, ah which is, 
okay, assuming sales revenue goes to zero and marketing expenditure goes to zero and 
increments go to zero, how long can we run on the current cash balance? And he came back 
with the answer of three years. And that emboldened us to take a call that we would not sack 
anybody. There were very few companies in the digital space that did not sack people in India. 
We were one of them. And, you know, in our opinion, at a time like when the pandemic had 
just begun, people were anyway tense about their own lives and their health. We, you know, 
if you start downsizing them and they won't get a job for many months, it will get very, very 
tense for them. And we can't do that because companies have been built by people. And we 
were able to take that call simply because we had this cash balance. So, and this has happened 
earlier as well, and when Lehman went down, we had the cash balance to not sack people. 
And I personally believe that this is the right thing to do. And therefore, we do it. 
 
Abhishek Bhandari: Got it. Thank you for the detailed answer, Sanjeev, Hitesh and Chintan, 
and all the best for next year. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Abhishek. Next question is from Pradeep Ganesh from ICICI. 
Pradeep, go ahead and ask your question. 
 
Pradeep Ganesh: Yeah, hi, this is Abhishek. Sir, only the Jeevansathi business, right? There 
has been a lot of competitive action there. If you could give us some clarity on how the 
competitive landscape is looking there, and what is your outlook on monetization going 
forward. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: In Jeevansathi? 
 
Pradeep Ganesh: Yes, Jeevansathi. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Well, it's a very hotly contested market. So we have two big players in that 
market, Jeevansathi and Bharat matrimony, and they've been spending a ton of money on 
marketing. And the pricing has also been very aggressive. So, we changed our strategy a while 
back. We moved to a freemium model. We made chat free on the platform. So some of the 
stuff we are charging for earlier is now free. And in line with that strategy, we also fine-tuned 
our marketing strategy. We are not spending as much money on marketing as earlier because 
the proposition in itself is helping us acquire users cheaper. So, that's been our approach. So, 

we've uh kind of, you know, brought down our marketing spend substantially in the last two 
quarters. And despite that, our user growth is solid and there's a lot of engagement. And we 
are enabling many more matches on the platform than earlier. 
 
Now, of course, this strategy has also resulted in our revenue crashing. Our revenue is down 
27% year on year. And now the team is sort of working on, ways and means to monetize 
better. Now, that is still watching process, still early stages of that. So, we don't know how 
things will pan out. But traffic growth is healthy. Engagement is healthy. There's much more 
match making happening than earlier. We cut marketing spend and it still seems to be okay. 
Okay. I don't know what, how competition will react going forward. and at the same time, 
we're also seeing a lot more activity in the dating space. So, there are lots of players who are 
active in that space. But that's not a market which even Jeevansathi completes in. But we are 
of course seeing a lot more activity in that market as well compared to earlier. 
 
Pradeep Ganesh: Understood. So, in terms of market share, would you say that you have 
gained there? I mean, how is your position vis-a-vis say 1 year back? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: See, we have lost revenue share. But we have gained traffic share. We've 
gained share of users vis-a-vis Shaadi, for example, in the north and west, which is where we 
mostly present. And we have of course cut burn. 
 
Pradeep Ganesh: Got it. And so, would you give us some, you know, some flavor of what you 
are thinking about in terms of investment opportunities? What kind of businesses you are 
looking at? whether it's B2C or B2B, because B2B has suddenly become a very hot space. So, 
I would like to hear your thought process on what would be the best investment opportunities 
that you are trying to assess. 
 
Hitesh: Financial or strategic? Which ones are you? 
 
Pradeep Ganesh: Financial. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Financial. Okay .Sanjeev, you want to take that? 
 
Sanjay Bikhchandani: Yes. Sorry, could you repeat that? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Which spaces are we looking at for financial investments. 
 
Sanjay Bikhchandani: In financial investment, we look at every sort of tech space other than 
jobs and careers, education classifieds and matrimony and dating and real estate. But other 
than that, all is open in the tech space. So, we've done a whole wide range. We typically don't 
do it top down. We do it bottom up. We assess about a thousand startups a quarter, uh either 

through meetings or through phone calls or even just looking at the decks that come to us 
and then maybe we invest in a few. So, it's bottom up. Good founders, chasing good ideas or 
seemingly good ideas. we might go in. 
 
Pradeep Ganesh: I understand. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Pradeep. Next question is from Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. 
Ankur, go ahead and ask your question. 
 
 
Ankur Rudra: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So, the first one is on IT. did 
you say that the mix is still 50% IT versus non-IT on a billing basis?  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Approximately.  
 
Ankur Rudra: Okay. So, given the difference in growth rates and the difference in how the 
growth is trending out, do you think that the balance of growth, whatever you see the 
weakness in IT will be more than made up by the strong momentum you're seeing at the 
moment in non-IT over the course of this year? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: It'll depend on how much the Indian economy grows going forward and it'll 
depend on when IT recovers. So, right now it looks okay because non-IT companies are doing 
well. and of course, if the Indian economy starts going faster, then they may do even better. 
In the past, we've seen that when domestic growth starts to hit 6-7%, it's possible to grow at 
the business at 25-30%, at least in the non-IT space. As far as the IT hiring, of course, a lot will 
depend on when IT starts to recover. So, and how bad the slowdown is, right? You know, so, 
have we hit rock bottom? I don't know. Okay. Will things get better from here on? I don't 
know. It's hard for me to predict at this stage. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Sure. Can you give us some more color, Hitesh, on the IT Billings trajectory? I 
think you said it hit negative on a Billings basis a few months ago. Was that in the March 
quarter or is that in the current quarter? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: so, it's been trending south for the last few months. The job index, I said, has 
been in negative trajectory for the last at least three -four months now, it was minus 27% for 
software services. The job speak index we publish captures volumes more than anything else. 
So, in April, March and now May is not looking any better. So, the IT hiring has been sort of 
very, very slow for at least four, five months, six months. 
 

Ankur Rudra: On a billing basis, could you give us a sense? How is IT billing growth momentum 
right now? And if that trajectory has gotten worse, because you've obviously seen two more 
months of the current quarter, how's that trending in June vs march Qtr.  
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Very good. This way, it's not getting any better. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Okay. And is this, is it already negative on a Billings basis also? Is what we're 
seeing on job speak representative? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Chintan Thakkar can we give out that data?  
 
Chintan Thakkar: Hard for us because the quarter is still going on. And most of the billing also 
happens in the last month of the quarter. So, it would probably be wrong if we have to give 
some estimate to you. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Okay. But it, you can clarify that it didn't hit negative on a Billings basis at least 
in the March quarter, right? IT part of the whole 
 
Chintan Thakkar: No, I think you are talking about Q4. So Q4, even Q3 in that sense, actually, 
the growth was more reflected because of the non-IT rather than IT. So on your original 
question whether non-IT growth will compensate for IT. So far, the trend has been so in Q3 
as well as in Q4. Now, what Hitesh is just saying is that will it remain the same in Q1 or not? 
I think we are yet to see. And, you know, we'll have to see till we complete the quarter and 
come out with the results. 
 
Ankur Rudra: no ,no, I totally understand. I was wondering if you can share with us any color 
for if IT Billings hit a negative trajectory for any of the months of the March quarter. 
 
 Chintan Thakkar: I don't have the exact number right now. But as I said that, the growth 
trajectory of non-IT was more than enough to compensate for reduction in the IT. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Okay. Maybe changing tracks a little bit, you know, fourth quarter has always 
been your strongest quarter and, you know, many deals close. Has there been any increase 
in discounts given out this time, given the weakness in half your portfolio? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: I'm sure this is always the case. Yeah, whenever the market slows down, you 
end up getting more discount because that's the nature of the beast. So, I'm sure that's 
happened in a lot of cases with a lot of clients in IT. That must have happened. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Would this, is this something you're concerned about from a pricing perspective 
for the next year? 

 
Hitesh Oberoi : no, this is this is standard stuff. Yeah, this is what happens in every slowdown. 
And once the market starts to recover, then pricing will go back to normal 
  
Ankur Rudra: Okay. last question on this side. do you think there's ability to sustain margins 
given where the momentum is right now? 
 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So, in Naukri, we continue to invest in many areas which we think, important 
for the long run. We are hoping that this slowdown will not last for more than a couple of 
quarters. So if we are able to grow billings at even at 14-15% this year, then I don't think our 
margins will be impacted. On the other hand, if billing growth slows down and we start 
growing in low single digits, then of course, margins will be impacted this year in Naukri 
because we don't want to cut our investments in areas like data science and the blue-collar 
job board we're working on and some of the other stuff that we're doing which we think is 
strategic and important from a long-term standpoint. Can we maintain margins? We are 
hopeful and confident that the market’s will come back. IT market will also come back by Q3 
or Q4 of this year.  
 
Ankur Rudra: Okay. One question on 99acres. Any changes in thought process about 
monetization besides the classified model that you've thought about over the last one year? 
I know you've written off 4B, but in general for 99 acres. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So in the resale business and at the rental market, we have a classified model 
at work. But increasingly for some of the large customers in the new home sort of category, 
we run a lot of CPL cost per lead campaigns. And so our billing is indexed to how many leads 
you are able to generate for them. And it's not just a listing fee, which we charge them. So, 
the business has slowly been moving in that direction, as far as new homes monetization goes. 
We currently follow this model with a lot of large clients. 
 
Ankur Rudra: and how big? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: for small customers, we have a listing model. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Understood. How big would this be in terms of volumes or revenues? Hitesh, 
could this be a significant part going forward? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: It will, it could be a significant part of the new home business going forward. 
 
Ankur Rudra: Okay. Understood. Thank you and best of luck. 
 

Hitesh Oberoi: Thanks 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Ankur. Next question is from Vijit Jain from Citi. Vijit, go ahead 
and ask your question. 
 
Vijit Jain: Yeah, thank you, Anand. Hitesh, my question is just going back to the recruitment 
side, you mentioned earlier that in the non-IT side, you see scope to monetize better, and you 
also singled out certain sectors where you were seeing good growth. So, I guess I'm just 
wondering, you know, in the non-IT space, are all sectors looking similar broadly in terms of 
how you monetize them or are you ahead in certain sectors and still lagging in certain other 
sectors? If you can just throw more color on non-IT segment wise, it will be great 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: So, let me tell let me just rewind to about 15 years ago, when infrastructure 
was hot, clutch of sectors like infrastructure, construction, real estate, heavy engineering, 
auto, energy, these sectors together were almost 27% of our business. And till last year, 
revenue from these sort of segments was down to 14- 15% of our business. So, these sectors 
didn't grow for a long time. After a long time, we've seen a lot of action in real estate, we are 
seeing a lot of action in construction, and we are seeing a lot of action in similar sectors. Now, 
if this action continues for a long time, then there is no reason why we should not be able to 
bill a lot more from companies in these sort of spaces going forward. So, that's one thing we're 
seeing in non-IT. The services piece continues to be solid- banking, financial services, 
insurance companies, travel, hospitality, retail sectors that are impacted by COVID, they are 
bouncing back.  
 
So, there's a lot more action in these sectors when it comes to hiring. We are seeing a slight 
slowdown in sectors like consumer durable, in sectors like fast-moving consumer goods, in 
sectors like healthcare and education, which were super-hot till some time back. There's been 
a slight slowdown which we've seen in some of these sectors in the last few months. But by 
and large, you know, the non-IT market continues to be strong, hiring market continues to be 
a strong. Now, at our end our product works reasonably well for non-IT companies also. So, 
you know, a lot of companies hire salespeople, their customer service professionals, finance 
professionals, HR professionals, marketing folks through Naukri. But there is an opportunity 
for us to sort of expand our business to more cities, for example. So, right now, we operate in 
about 40, 45 cities.  
 
There's no reason why we can't take our business to over 100 cities in the next two or three 
years if the markets are supportive, because we are seeing a lot more growth in small towns 
than earlier. Of course, it may not result in a lot of revenue in the short term, but long term, 
these can become interesting markets for us to operate up again. And they are mostly all non-
IT driven services led and so on. We are fine tuning our search and recommendation engines 
so that they work better for non-IT hiring. You know, a lot of our focus for the last few years 

or two, three years was on IT hiring, because that's where that the IT hiring market was very 
hot. But now that we are seeing a bigger opportunity in non-IT, we are going to work on fine 
tuning our search and recommendation engines to ensure that companies are able to hire 
more people through our platform in some of these segments as well. So, that's just too sort 
of help you understand the nature. See, where we are seeing the biggest slowdown right now 
is in our recruitment construction business because about 30% of our business comes from 
recruitment firms, and these recruitment firms hire a lot of them hire for IT companies. And 
they are the ones which are hit first, because they are in some ways a more expensive way to 
hire. And when companies cut sort of budgets, they are the ones who get impacted first. And 
therefore, their spend on naukri gets impacted as well. So that's just to give you a sense of 
how the market is spending right now. I hope I was able to answer your question. 
 
Vijit Jain: Yeah, Hitesh, that was super helpful. My second question is just on the 99acres 
business, the property segment. you mentioned some of your competitors have been super 
aggressive spending on marketing and everything. And in revenue terms as well, it does look 
like some of them at least, especially say a housing.com, which REA has already disclosed 
numbers for has grown faster than you guys. Is that something that is happening, you think, 
because there are more products on their end, which is which is still work in progress at your 
side? Because you monetize a little bit differently? Do you think that is driving that difference? 
Or is it something else. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Well, you have to sort of lift the veil. So, you know we still believe that we are 
the largest in the space. And we are growing reasonably well, Q4 was great. And we think in 
some sort of markets, we have gained share. and we don't do a lot of stuff, which other 
companies do. So we don't do any barter, we don't do combo deals with newspapers. We 
don't have any pass-through revenue through our platform. We don't, monetize other 
services, we sell only real estate advertising. So we don't make money from packers and 
movers. We don't make money from home loans. We don't make money from a lot of other 
Ancillary services, which all these companies do. We don't have any transaction revenue, 
which are all these companies have. So we are relatively speaking a pure play than some of 
our competitors. so it's important to compare apples to apples. 
 
Vijit Jain: Got it. Thanks, Hitesh. Those were my questions. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Vijit. Next question is from Nikhil Choudhry. He's from 
Nuvama. Nikhil, go ahead and ask your question 
 
Nikhil Choudhry: Hi, Hitesh. First question is regarding your comment on discount and pricing. 
You mentioned that you have cut some discount and there is some increase in pricing. So just 
wanted to understand how much of the billing growth basically came from this initiative and 
how much further tail room you have to increase it further going ahead? 

 
Hitesh Oberoi: See, you know, it's unlikely that we will up pricing in IT, given that the IT hiring 
market is very slow. where we may be able to realize more is in the non-IT customers going 
forward, because they are hiring large numbers. Last year, first six months, we were very 
aggressive on pricing. A lot of our revenue growth was pricing led. Of course, there was a lot 
of volume growth as well because the market was really hot. But maybe in the second half, 
our growth was mostly pricing led and not so much volume led. Going forward, this year, in 
non-IT, our growth is likely to be volume led to a large extent and also pricing led. But in IT, 
we are unlikely to see any growth because of either volume or pricing. 
 
Nikhil choudhry: Sure. Sure. second question, Hitesh, is on the impairment of Shoe Connect. 
Just if you can give color what happened in basically what led to the impairment and one of 
the things which is mentioned, the filing about unspecified buyback library. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani : So it's like you see in all our SHAs, we have a waterfall drag-along 
clause there. In three years' time, you'll give an exit of five years' time, you'll give an exit. The 
exit could be a listing, it could be a strategic sale, or it could be a buy back. If you fail to do 
that, we have the right to impose a buyback. All the investors together, if you fail to honor 
that, then we can drag you along for a sale. These are standard clauses in VC investment 
agreements. All VCs do it. Now, this clause was construed to be a liability, not a contingent 
liability. Now, if there's a liability in FMV, FMV of biznis is what it is given last round of 
valuation, then it was construed that the company may not have enough money to pay off 
the investor should they ask for the money. And therefore, we were supposed to write it off. 
It's a technical writer from my view. It does not reflect the business prospects of the company. 
But it has to be done for principle of conservatism and that's what it is. 
 
Nikhil choudhry: Sure, Sanjeev. Just one follow-up here. Do you see any possibility of such 
scenario happening in any other portfolio companies, any large portfolio companies? 
 
Sanjeev Bhikchandani: I don't think so. There's nothing to announce here, but Chintan, any 
observation there? 
 
Chintan Thakkar: I think every case is a bit different because the agreement and the language 
of the agreement could be different. The investor's insistence on whether they want it or they 
can dilute this also is different. I'll tell you, one of the big differences is that because we are 
listed entity, we are expected to follow Ind AS, while some of the other PE and VC firms may 
not be under obligation to follow that. So that's why the certain standards that the auditors 
want to apply on how the assets are being valued for us could be very different than what the 
standards that might get followed by some of the PE and VC firms. So like Sanjeev said that 
this is not a reflection on what their growth and what the potential or the business model of 

that company, but this is more arising because of how the shareholders' agreement is being 
interpreted by the auditors. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: let me explain. If this had been construed to be a contingent liability, 
There would be no problem. But because it was construed to be a liability, not a contingent 
liability, we had to write it off. That's the big difference. 
 
Nikhil choudhry: Sure, Sanjeev. Thank a lot, Hitesh, Chintan, and Sanjeev. Thank you. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Nikhil. Next question we have from Jinia Garg from Nibadh 
Investment. Jinia, go ahead and ask her a question. 
 
Jinia Garg: Good evening all. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I just have one question, 
which is considering the current slowdown in the startup funding and the decline in valuations 
of many startups. What are your perspectives on when the startup funding pipeline is likely 
to be normalized? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Sanjeev, you want to take that? 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani : Sorry, could you repeat? I'm really sorry about that. 
 
Jinia Garg: no problem, sir. So considering the current slowdown in the startup funding and 
there are many decline in valuations of many startups, what are your perspectives of the 
funding pipeline is likely to normalize? 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Look, it's hard to predict, but in general, we are finding that there is 
still enough entrepreneurial activity. There are a lot of number of startups. It's actually a good 
time to invest if you look back. If I look back, our best investments Policy Bazaar and Zomato 
were made in just around the global financial crisis or just after it, or maybe just before it. 
These are actually good times to invest if you have a 7, 8, 10-year perspective, which is what 
we do have. So for us, actually, it's quite good. 
 
Jinia Garg: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
 
Vivek Aggarwal: There's one question in the chat box for you, Hitesh.The question is from 
Sanjay Ladha. I'll read the question for you. How should we think the business will move going 
forward? Which business to drive growth going forward? What is your focus area in each of 
the business segment? And how should we think business growth in the next two to three 
years? 
 

Hitesh Oberoi: The Nakuri business has done really well in the last two years. I mean, we 
managed to almost triple our cash flows from operation. We almost doubled, we more than 
doubled our revenue in the last two years. 
We are seeing, hopefully, a temporary slowdown in IT hiring. Hopefully, the AI boom will 
actually end up creating more sort of opportunities for Indian IT services going forward. That's 
what's always happened with, at least in the past. And hopefully, India is part of the solution. 
If companies in the US want to cut costs, they'll also end up outsourcing more and more jobs 
to India. And to me, it looks like infrastructure is back. Government is investing a lot of money 
in infrastructure and that is also going to lead to a lot of job creation in the short term and in 
the medium term. And in general, the economy seems to be in good shape. It's perhaps in 
better shape than it was when we went into COVID.  
 
So, if the economy continues to sort of do well and IT hiring bounces back, and we are able to 
grow at 6%- 7% per annum, then the Naukri business can grow at a very healthy rate, at more 
than 20%. And it's a very high margin business. It's not as if we need to, we will have to invest 
a lot of money to get this growth. We already have offices, we already have salespeople, and 
the platform is already built.  
 
Now, we've also been acquisitive for the last three, four years. We've invested, we've 
acquired a few startups. And of course, our plan is also to sort of grow these businesses that 
we acquired over time. Businesses like Zwayam, businesses like IIMjobs, businesses like Do 
Select. So hopefully, these businesses will start scaling once we put the naukri might behind 
them. And then, of course, some more opportunities we've identified, which I don't want to 
talk about right now, which, like I mentioned, small towns, so we will expand into more and 
more cities going forward. We've invested in a ed-tech platform, Coding Ninja. We want to be 
able to understand that company. And we intend to work closely with them to help them 
grow their business faster and to also to get our offering for candidates, for job seekers on 
Naukri. 
 
So there are a bunch of things we're working on as a platform, and we will continue to invest 
behind these sort of initiatives. Some of them are short terms, some are more medium term. 
We have been working on a blue-collar job board for the last three, four years. We'll try and 
start monetizing this sort of product sometime this year. But this is more a long-term play. 
We don't expect any significant revenue from this business over the next two or three years. 
But long term, we think it's a good bet, and it's important that we have a foothold in this 
space. So these are some of the things we're doing in Nakuri, which we'll hopefully drive both 
going forward.  
 
Similarly, in 99 acres, we've done well in the resale and rental categories if you ask me. That 
part of the business has done quite well. Commercial part of the business has also done well. 

But we see a lot of opportunity in new home monetization. There are lots of new 
developments being constructed everywhere. There are lots of satellite towns emerging. 
Inventory is down to all-time low. There is a lot of interest in real estate once again from 
buyers and investors. We are a very small part of this market over a few thousand crores that 
are invested in are spent on new home marketing. We got to get a small fraction of that. So, 
if we can somehow solve, you know, do a better job of executing in the new home space, then 
that can drive both in 99 acres for the next few years. Of course, if the team executes well, 
then of course, there's also not there will also be an option to get more market share over 
time in 99 acres. And that could again drive growth, even higher growth in 99 acres going 
forward.  
 
In Shiksha, we have a domestic business, which is growing at 20% - 25 % per annum. But about 
a few years ago, we also entered the study abroad space. That is today a small business for 
us. But we spent, we sent over 1500 kids overseas last year. This year, we are targeting to 
send more than 2000 kids overseas. And if we get a good handle on this business, then this 
business can also become a large business over time. In Jeevansaathi, we are working on a 
new model. And if you are able to get our act together and monetization, if you're able to cut 
burn, you know, the Jeevansathi business could sort of get to a decent place. And we also 
acquired 76 % stake in Aisle, which is a dating platform. Again, early days, but we are investing 
in that business. And if we see good traction, then we will double down on the dating category 
as well. So, these are some of the areas where we are investing. All of them are work in 
process. But hopefully, some will work out over the next two to three years for us. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: The next question is from Vivekanand from Ambit Capital. Vivek, go 
ahead and ask your question. 
 
Vivek: Hello. Thank you so much for the follow up opportunity. How much of the committed 
AIF money has been deployed already. Sanjeev, if you could give us an update on the four 
AIFs that we currently have. 
 
Sanjeev: Well, the fund one and the follow on fund - a significant chunk of that has been 
deployed. Fund two and capital two be, it's comparatively less because we’ve been going slow 
and careful and there's still enough time left to do our first checks. We do not announce exact 
numbers on this. 
 
Vivek: Okay. And the reason why it's taking you longer to deploy in the fund two and capital 
two be is because you have to scout for new names. 
 
Sanjeev: Those are more recent funds. We've got three years to write the first checks. We 
want to take our time and be very, very selective given the state of the market. We want to 
be particularly careful about valuations and enterprise. We want to be particularly careful 

about, you know, getting going after capital, efficient companies and entrepreneurs given the 
tight funding environment. So, we're taking our time. That's all. And yes, we do not invest 
from fund two into fund one companies or from capital two be into fund one companies. 
Those are water tight compartments. 
 
Vivek: Okay. My last question is on the financial investments that sit on the balance sheet, 
not included in the AIFs. So, did you make any major investments in the current fiscal year? 
As follow on rounds in, say, Ustra or Shopkirana or some of the other 
 
Sanjeev: Not sure it's major, but we've done some. I mean, Chintan, can you elaborate 
 
Chintan: I don't have the numbers right now, but yes, we would have made some follow-on 
rounds and some small investments even in companies.  
 
Sanjeev: But the big tickets are done. The big tickets are done there. 
 
Chintan: Yeah, it's not nothing, you know, major. 
 
 
Vivek: Okay, great. Thank you. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks, Vivek. The next question is from Vijit Jain from Citi. Vijit, go 
ahead and ask your question. Yeah, Vijit, go ahead and ask your question. 
 
Vijit Jain: Sanjeev, my question is to you. I guess if you look at what's been trending in the 
startup space in India and globally, more recently, in India, its ONDC specifically, I guess, AI, 
obviously globally. My question is, are you seeing any opportunities. 
 
Sanjeev: What's the question? 
 
Vijit Jain: Sorry, so my question is, are you seeing any opportunities and those two that you're 
excited about? Are these focus areas or any interest areas for you in terms of how you look 
to deploy? 
 
Sanjeev: Like I said, we do it bottom up, top down. But yes, of course, some of the deals we 
have looked at and possibly even done have components of AI, machine learning. You know, 
there are a number of people trying. So, we don't do D2C, you know, typically in our fund. We 
prefer, you know, we don't think that's central to our mandate. And therefore, ONDC may or 
may not work for us. Now, having said that, if we see a really great deal, great entrepreneur, 
will we do it? We might. I'm not ruling anything out, but this is less likely. 
 

Vijit Jain: Thanks, Sanjeev. 
 
Vivek Aggarwal: Sanjeev, there's a question in the chat box from Ishan Bagga. On startup 
investment, how is our portfolio companies as a whole performing in the current 
macroeconomic scenario? Are there any signs of stress or markdown in some of the 
companies? 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Every portfolio will have some situation of stress and we are no 
exception. Having said that, I think we're doing fairly, fairly all right so far. But, you know, 
tomorrow is another day. We don't know. We are waiting and watching. 
 
Vivek Aggarwal: no more questions on Q&A. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Yeah, that was the last question we had. 
 
Vivek Aggarwal We'll conclude the call on behalf of the company. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Have a great evening. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thanks, everyone. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: Thanks everyone. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: Thank you. 
 
Anand Prakash Bansal: we can close the call. 
