 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 502-503, SAKAR III, OPP. OLD HIGH COURT, OFF ASHRAM ROAD, AHMEDABAD-380014, GUJARAT, INDIA 
PH.: +91-79-40507000, 27541989   E-mail: finance@armanindia.com CIN: L55910GJ1992PLC018623 
 
Date: August 24, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai- 400051 
Script Code:  531179 
ISIN: INE109C01017 
Symbol: ARMANFIN 
Series: EQ  
 
Dear Sir,  
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTOR CALL HELD ON AUGUST 18, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation of our letter dated August 14, 2023, please find attached herewith the 
transcript of the conference call held on Friday, August 18, 2023 for Q1 FY 2023-24. 
Kindly take it on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jaimish Patel 
Company Secretary  
M. No.-A42244 
JAIMISH 
GOVINDBHAI PATEL
Digitally signed by JAIMISH GOVINDBHAI PATEL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380024, l=Ahmedabad, 
st=Gujarat, street=412-2306 Gujarat Housing Board, Bapunagar, Nr, 
Navrnag Flat, title=7699, 
2.5.4.20=225770a731266e13c2cb9586f41792d914836897ddd610f45
c89a75d5eae81eb, 
serialNumber=d7887e078ab1b7c7ddc751f5a22613a1a60f051f5e0c3
317b156380e8cbfc11d, email=jaimish.702@gmail.com, cn=JAIMISH 
GOVINDBHAI PATEL 
Date: 2023.08.24 16:37:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“ Arman Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 18th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. AKSHAY JAIN – JM FINANCIAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYENDRA B. PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
VICE CHAIRMAN - ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. ALOK J PATEL -  JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK MODI - GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
- ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call of 
Arman Financial Services Limited hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Akshay Jain from JM Financial. Thank you and over to you. 
Akshay Jain: 
Thank you Yuvasri. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 earnings 
conference call of Arman Financial Services. First of all, I would like to thank the 
management of Arman Financial Services for giving us this opportunity to host this call. 
From the management team, we have Mr. Jayendra Patel, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Alok Patel, Joint Managing Director and Mr. Vivek Modi, Group CFO. I 
would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Patel for his opening remarks post which we 
can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. Over to you Sir! 
Alok Patel: 
Thank you Akshay and welcome everybody. On behalf of Arman Financial Services, I 
extend a warm welcome to our Q1 FY2024 earnings conference call. With me on the call, 
we have Mr. Vivek Modi, Group CFO and representatives from the investor relations team. 
I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through the results, press release and 
presentation for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 uploaded both on the stock exchanges and 
the company’s website. 
 
Over the past decade, the microfinance industry has experienced noteworthy expansion and 
changes across dimensions including consumer engagement, technological integrations and 
regulatory frameworks. Serving as a catalyst for advancing financial inclusivity objectives, 
this sector has taken on a pivotal role and extend in financial services to the underserved or 
unserved low income class in India as well as extending microcredit support to small and 
medium size enterprises all while aiming to foster economic and social progress within the 
nation. 
 
During FY2023, the microfinance industry has demonstrated remarkable resilience and 
determination despite global and economic challenges. This indicates complete rebound 
from the challenges posed by the COVID pandemic with substantial growth of the industry 
and positive first quarter, it highlights the path of progress supported by well established 
regulatory standards that foster a fair and balanced competitive landscape. As on June 30, 
2023, the assets under management of the company stood at Rs.2143 Crores resulting in a 
growth of 54.5% year-on-year and 10.3% quarter-on-quarter. 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Of this book of Rs.2143 Crores, our microfinance business continues about 84%, MSME 
about 13% and two-wheeler about 3%. Interestingly, it took us 30 years to achieve an AUM 
of Rs.1000 Crores, but remarkably we managed to double our portfolio to Rs.2000 Crores 
in just 18 months. As we often emphasize, we have fairly well navigating through the 
different kinds of crisis and emerged with increased strength and resilience. Our 
disbursement grew by 41.6% year-on-year to Rs.537 Crores. This expansion can be 
attributed to positive credit cycles, favourable regulatory policies and our geographical 
expansions that we did in the first quarter and also the last quarter of previous year. 
 
Last year, we ventured into untapped geographies of Bihar and Haryana both of which 
yielded positive outcomes. Building upon this, we are also now expanding into Jharkhand 
for the MFI division and Telangana for MSME division. In addition to this, we have also 
inaugurated a new zonal office for North India which will be located in Uttar Pradesh, in 
Lucknow. In the quarter, we opened seven new branches bringing the total branch count to 
343 with workforce of about 2900 employees and customer base of almost 7 lakhs across 
10 states. We had dedicated to further expanding our presence within these new states and 
plan to open several new branches before this fiscal year ends. In continuation with our 
branch expansion, we are committed to the ongoing technological investments through 
digitization, automation and process enhancements. 
 
Last year we integrated new LOS and LMS system and also transitioned to fully paperless 
operations and this has improved our efficiencies and also more importantly enhanced our 
customer experience. We are also graduating MFI customers to cashless e-NACH 
collections in the new IBL segment. We will be rolling out Aadhaar-based digital signatures 
for all our customers in the coming to next quarter. We are positive that these efforts will 
make our company poised for the next stage has strong growth. In terms of asset quality, 
our gross non-performing assets demonstrated a notable decline of 115-basis points year-
on-year and a contraction of 26-basis points sequentially and stood at about 2.5%. 
 
Simultaneously, net non-performing assets stood at 0.14% or 14-basis points as on Q1 
FY2024 signifying 20-basis points year-over-year decline. As of June 30, our collection 
efficiency reached about 98%. This diligent collection endeavor of our team coupled with 
rigorous underwriting procedures and advance technology are collectively contributing to 
enhancing our loan portfolio quality nearly restoring it to levels almost comparable to pre-
COVID period. Collection efficiency for our microfinance business stood at 98.2%, MSME 
at 98.1% and for two wheelers stood at 96.6%. 
 
For the quarter cumulative provisions stood at Rs.72 Crores, which is about 3.4% of the 
total book. Of these provisions, for Arman stood at Rs.15.5 Crores and Namra stood at 
Rs.56.5 Crores. We also have management overlay of around Rs.28 Crores included in our 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
cumulative provisions which is over and above any regulatory or ECL required provisions. 
Of this overlay Rs.7.7 Crores is for Arman and Rs.19.9 Crores is for Namra. 
 
Coming to our borrowing profile, our total borrowing for June 30, stood at Rs.2161 Crores 
including the debt component of OCRPS and CCDs of Rs.48 Crores as per IND-AS 
guidelines. The debt to equity ratio stood at 3.4x. The company has successfully been 
diversifying its funding sources. Last year the company raised about Rs.45 Crores through 
marked linked debentures and during the quarter raised another Rs.49 Crores through listed 
non-convertible debentures. 
 
Of the total borrowings, about 33% was through banks, 19% through NBFCs, 13% was 
through NCDs, 11% was through PTCs, 19% was through direct assignments and the rest 
was borrowed from DFIs like NABARD & SIDBI. On the liquidity front, the company has 
a healthy liquidity position of Rs.294 Crores, nearly Rs.300 Crores in the cash or bank 
balance, liquid investments and undrawn CC limits. Additionally, the company has another 
Rs.42 Crores of undrawn sanctions from existing lenders. 
 
As on June 30, 2023, the company is well capitalized with the capital adequacy ratio for the 
standalone business at 31.64% and for the subsidiary Namra at 26.32%. After successfully 
raising equity funding last year, we are confident that these resource will play a pivotal role 
in achieving our targeted growth in the coming quarter.  
 
Now throwing highlights on the key consolidated financial numbers for Q1 FY2024, the 
gross total income stood at Rs.149 Crores registering a growth of 89% year-on-year and the 
net total income stood at Rs.85 Crores in the back of AUM expansion and improvement in 
yields. 
 
The NIMs for Q1 FY2024 stood at 13.4%. Profit after tax grew at 154% year-on-year to 
Rs.40 Crores, this was again given on account of improved interest income optimization of 
operational cost and of course lower provisioning requirements and improved asset 
qualities. Cost to income for the quarter stood at 26% as compared to 37% over the same 
period last year. Yields for the quarter stood at 25.9% registering a growth of about 170-bps 
over the same period last year. As on June 30, 2023 annualized return on average AUM 
stood at 7.8% and return on equity stood at approximately 37%. To summarize, we are 
positive that the current credit cycle and regulatory environment is favourable to the 
industry and the company and this growth momentum will continue. Our strategic emphasis 
remains on the technological advances and expansion of our branch network to drive the 
next phase growth. With this, I would request the operator to open the floor for any 
questions that anybody may have. Thank you so much for your kind attention and we can 
open the call for Q&A.  

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Amit Mantri from 2Point2 Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mantri: 
First of all, congratulations to the entire team on a great quarter. My question is Q1 tends to 
be seasonally  weak quarter in the MFI business, yet Arman had a very good performance in 
terms of even sequential growth, so what is driving this strong growth that we are seeing 
even in an otherwise weak quarter?  
Alok J Patel: 
As far as the profits and stuff are concerned that is in line with lot of the business you have 
done in previous quarters very rarely does impact specifically whatever disbursements we 
do in any single quarter, largely the income that we earn will be in the following seven or 
eight quarters. So as far as disbursement of course we had small decline from Q4 to Q1 if 
you consider that and that is for couple of reasons as you said that historically of course Q1 
is slightly slower, demand is slightly slower of course on top of that you are doing a lot of 
housekeeping items, lot of transfers, lot of new branches, lot of system changes and other 
aspects, but largely also the impact this quarter on the disbursement was due to the fact that 
renewals were much, much lower and there is very good reason for that, so during the 
second wave of COVID which was in March of 2021, so stopped disbursements in March, 
April and partially May and so the renewal that you would expect as loans and then people 
come in for fresh disbursements those were largely absent during the last quarter. So, of 
course that would also have an impact in the total disbursements. 
Amit Mantri: 
Okay and in terms of the geographic expansion into newer states and now you are already 
fairly diversified for the current AUM that you have, so now would the focus be on just 
increasing presence in the states that you are present in or would you still continue to enter 
new states in the next one, two years? 
Alok J Patel: 
The plan is to continue both expanding in existing states and also consistently valuating 
when it is a right time to jump into new state right, because specifically microfinance, now 
we are reaching the stage where you can visualize that in four, five years the growth might 
be tapering off and the penetration levels will increase, so I think it is important to 
strategically kind of plant seeds before it becomes very difficult to enter into new areas, it is 
probably a good idea wherever you can expand into, you do make that call for the long run 
and go into, so that being said, we are usually very, very careful about where we are going 
to. Usually there are large discussions and lot of analysis and data and visits that we do. It is 
not that we only go any place on the wish, these things are very sort of well planned before 
we do it and lot of discussions happen around it. So, I think to answer your question in short 
it will be a combination of both. 
Amit Mantri: 
Okay and third a data question so of the disbursements that have happened post the second 
wave what has been the collection efficiency on them like you mentioned from say May 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
2021 onwards post that the disbursals that have happened which are roughly around 
Rs.2000 Crores plus so what has been the collection efficiency on that? 
Alok J Patel: 
About 98%. Essentially most of the book which you are seeing has been generated post 
COVID only.  
Vivek Modi: 
In fact Amit if we kind of split the pre-COVID into two slices, first is the pre-COVID 
before March 2020. There is nothing that is left from March 2020 when it comes to 
microfinance in particular and between kind of first wave to second wave the overall 
microfinance portfolio because again microfinance portfolio is typically a 24 month cycle 
portfolio. What you have outstanding is less than 1% or 1.5% of the entire AUM of 
microfinance. 
Amit Mantri: 
Okay got it. Thanks. Thank you very much and good luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Akash Mehta from Capaz 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akash Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions on individual business loans so we have 
seen a lot of traction coming in this so in coming quarters how much contribution will this 
make in our AUM? 
Alok J Patel: 
I think to answer your question it is about 2% of the microfinance book at the moment. So 
largely on our Rs.2000 odd Crores book presently it is about Rs.40 Crores to Rs.50 Crores 
so it is not a very, very large book. The idea here is we are basically getting future ready so 
what I mean by that is that overall the prediction is that as microfinance progresses, 
strategically it will shift from more on a group based loans to individual based loans and in 
that case you will have to rely more on cashless collections versus the doorstep collections 
that we do right now. While it is of strategic importance for us right now it is not of 
business importance for us. The answer is that going forward in the next four or five years 
or so, I think if my prediction is true, it will be a very large portion of the book. If not 
anyway, we are just being future ready at this point. 
Akash Mehta: 
Got it Sir and just on the same front, what would be the average ticket size and what are the 
kinds of yields you will be charging? 
Alok J Patel: 
So the yield is very similar to microfinance right now. So it is about 27% and the ticket 
sizes range anywhere from I believe 65%, right now on average it is about 75%. We are 
going up to 75% but there is a desire to increase that as time goes on and as the experiments 
goes on. 
Akash Mehta: 
Okay Sir that helps. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rohit Mehra from SK Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Mehra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is, we have expanded in the new states, so 
how is the response from Jharkhand and Telangana and also how is Bihar performing? 
What kind of book contribution do we expect in near term? 
Alok J Patel: 
Yes. So I mean, we have just moved into Jharkhand and Telangana. It is too early to tell to 
be honest with you. I think in the MSME in Telangana we have only made last month, I 
think 12 or so disbursement if I am not mistaken and in Jharkhand I do not think we have 
made any disbursements. 
Jayendra Patel: 
Last quarter we have not. 
Alok J Patel: 
Last quarter we have not. July we stated doing it. So it is a little too early to tell to be 
honest. The ones that we went into before that which is Bihar and Haryana, so Bihar has 
been performing extremely well and Bihar today now stands at the largest concentration of 
microfinance in India at this point, so earlier it was Tamil Nadu. Now it is Bihar, so Bihar 
has overtaken Tamil Nadu and frankly by the numbers it is one of the best places in India to 
do microfinance I mean going by both demon and COVID and post COVID the asset 
quality is phenomenal, but we are anytime something is too good to be true you always 
want to make sure that you pay more closer attention to it and so that is what we are doing 
right now and while it is possible to open a lot more branches in Bihar, we are kind of 
waiting and watching at this stage. I know it sounds kind of like I do not have confidence on 
Bihar and that is not true at all. Just what I am trying to say is that Bihar as a market has 
grown very quickly and very fast and so it is prudent for us to kind of just take a breather 
and wait to see what the reaction is going to be so that is Bihar. In terms of Haryana, it is 
kind of mixed results so the asset quality is good but the volume of business being 
generated through disbursement is not as high as we had anticipated, but it is what it is. 
Rohit Mehra: 
Okay that is perfect. In the sense right with the current upcycle in a microfinance industry 
what kind of AUM growth do we target? 
Alok J Patel: 
We do not give out targets except to say that we typically have a CAGR of about 35% to 
40%. That will continue to be our long-term target for at least the next three or four years. 
Rohit Mehra: 
Okay thank you. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Yash Mandawewala from 
Mandawewala Family Office. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Yash Mandawewala: 
Congratulations on a phenomenal quarter. Alok just a few questions from me so firstly one 
thing that I have noticed is that the average salary cost per employee for some of our peers 
the larger MFI and NBFC are significantly higher than us almost 50% to 60% more so can 
you elaborate on why this might be? Our field force employee salary is not competitive with 
the market or is there something else? 
Alok J Patel: 
I do not think so that is the case. I do not know where you are getting the data on the 
average salaries. 
Yash Mandawewala: 
Dividing the employee cost? You give the employee number and the employee cost as well 
and most of your peers do as well? 
Alok J Patel: 
I do not know. I do not think that is the case. It might be some nuances with the numbers 
and the reporting and other things, but certainly there is not a 40%, 50% and 60% 
difference. There might be a 10% to 15% difference here and there from different 
companies, but I do not know. I would be curious to look at the numbers that you are 
looking at. 
Yash Mandawewala: 
Sure but on the field force there is nothing sort of the salaries are not much different from 
the industry? 
Alok J Patel: 
I mean so our overall salaries might appear lower but then for older employees we have a 
fairly generous ESOP program which creates a lot of wealth so I mean it is dollars and cents 
wise, I think a lot of employees have done much better at Arman than they would have at 
our peers if you count the complete package. I would say that we are probably right around 
average or maybe slightly below average of what we pay out but certainly I would not say 
that we are 50% to 60% below. I do not think that is quite possible. 
Yash Mandawewala: 
Got it. May be we can connect offline and I can share the numbers from the deck and the 
other people and the other companies deck so we can have a conversation around that? 
Alok J Patel: 
Sure. 
Yash Mandawewala: 
Just another one, so on the board meeting this time there was a provision for a fundraiser as 
well so if possible can you give some more thoughts on that and when we will look at 
potentially raising these funds?  
Alok J Patel: 
Yash this is something that we always do every year. Historically if you look at it, it will be 
the same that we always take enabling resolutions for both NCD raises and also for equity 
raises so specifically for QIPs only I have to do. For a private placement I think it is not 
possible to take enabling resolutions. You have to go reach out to the shareholders as and 
when the time comes, which is of course a very time consuming process. So the purpose of 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
taking enabling resolutions is just essentially that if there is an opportunity usually those 
opportunities come and go quickly and it is convenient administratively at least to have 
those enabling resolutions and approvals in place. Now speaking specifically of your 
question about fund raising or equity fund raising, I mean we just raised as you are well 
aware, we have just raised about Rs.115 Crores about 11 months ago and we are at a debt 
equity about 3.7 or so give or take. So we do not exactly need equity at this point and of 
course we are adding a lot of internal accruals to our net worth, so as long as those accruals 
can keep up with our growth, we should be okay. Now the disclaimer here is that right now 
is a good time. If there is an opportunity available, I will probably consider it so I think I 
learned the hard way in my own experience about that equity is rarely available when you 
need it. It’s only available when you do not need it. So that is the life lesson over there, so 
we will see but nothing at the current juncture and nothing on the table at this point.  
Yash Mandawewala: 
It makes sense Alok and congrats again on a great quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Amit Shah from Ace 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Amit Shah: 
Sir I have one question. Sir currently microfinance segment contributes a major chunk of 
the portfolio so do you have any plans to diversify the order book? 
Alok J Patel: 
So I mean microfinance has become a large chunk as a function of its growth potential. So, 
I think people who know a bit of our history will know that for the longest time our bread 
and butter was two wheeler financing, which has now become about 3% to 4% of the book 
total. We do not have anything too crazy on the horizon right now. We would be 
considering products which kind of fit our overall rural strategy. So of course I know I have 
been talking about like stuff like microlap and stuff for a while. So that is something that we 
can go into and certainly there is a desire to do it if it is feasible. We have tried to do it in 
the rural in the past to be honest with you, but the paperwork has been challenging. Just it is 
availability to actually do a mortgage in the rural segment has been a challenging part of 
starting the business like that. So, let us see. I think as we go on and as microfinance 
expands what will happen is that the growth will start tapering off and the other businesses 
like MSME and individual loans will start growing. So in the long run, my guess is that the 
weightage which you will see in microfinance will naturally start trending downwards and 
be replaced by other higher growth businesses. 
Amit Shah: 
Okay Sir thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Savi Jain from 2Point2 Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Savi Jain: 
I do not know if I have missed that, but I just wanted to know about these senior 
management changes that you have announced, but if you can just tell me something about 
that? 
Alok J Patel: 
So I mean, I think this was a while back, right, the Chief Operating Officer. The HR head is 
here only. So Ravi is still here. He is going to be here for a while now for at least the next 
six months, but he has expressed a desire to relocate to foreign country and so preparing for 
that. That is it so there is no resignation from Ravi at the moment. 
Savi Jain: 
Okay and then I think there is some internal audit… 
Alok J Patel: 
We have hired, so basically internal audit was a function of the CRO. It fell under the CRO. 
We have essentially split that now so CRO whenever, we do replace will be a separate 
function and audit will be separate so it will not fall. So this is the brand new position. 
Savi Jain: 
These ESOP programs, these are aimed at still which level of employees the new programs 
that we have? 
Alok J Patel: 
All employees that has been with us for over two years so about 700 plus employees would 
be eligible from anywhere from 40 shares to 4000 shares at the highest levels. The average 
would be about 300 shares. 
Savi Jain: 
This includes branch level employees also? 
Alok J Patel: 
Yes it includes field officers also. It includes office boys also. 
Savi Jain: 
Great. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Karan Mehra from Mehta 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Karan Mehra: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my end. Can you help me with 
like how many customers are unique to Arman that is new to credit and Arman plus one 
lender? 
Alok J Patel: 
Yes, so I mean I can tell you that at the time of disbursement about between 20 to 30, let us 
say about 20% or so, 20% to 25% are either unique to us on new to credit but of course, 
once you give the loan, I have no idea that who they may or may not borrow from. So I 
would not know on a portfolio level, but at least from a disbursement level, that is where it 
stands today, so let us call it about 20%. 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Karan Mehra: 
Understood. One with regards to provisioning, so will we continue with the stringent 
provisioning policy and what are the total provisions that we have as of now? 
Alok J Patel: 
Rs.73 Crores, 3.5% of the portfolio. This is what our current provisioning is, which is 
slightly more than we need from both an ECL and regulatory reasons. There is a 
management overlay on that, so there is a bit of a slush fund and I know people do like and 
appreciate creating provisions over and above. I know people do like creating provisions 
over and above what is statutorily or what the CAs kind of require us to do, but even I mean 
these are all from being an accountant myself when you run into trouble, it is not going to 
be any accounting accrual reserves that is going to come to your aid, right. It is going to be 
cash liquidity and it is going to be equity. So I mean to me, I am kind of neutral about 
creating provisions because, it is an accounting line but then so it is reserved in surplus. You 
can always use that tool against write offs. Of course the main benefit is that it smoothens 
out your P&L during crisis, but other than I do not think it helps you much besides that, but 
of course I am in the minority of this opinion, but will continue to create management 
overlay also. 
Karan Mehra: 
Okay. Can you help me with the write off number that we took this quarter? 
Alok J Patel: 
The write off. 
Vivek Modi: 
The write off was approximately Rs.10 Crores. 
Karan Mehra: 
Okay thank you and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jigar Shah from AK Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jigar Shah: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you for this opportunity. I have a couple of questions so what would 
be the average cost of borrowing for the quarter and in the MSME segment we are 36% 
plus? Are these sustainable in the medium term? 
Alok J Patel: 
It is sustainable in the short term probably in the medium term as well. It is unlikely in the 
long term. As competition increases you should expect that to probably come down. With 
that being said with the few players that are operating in this segment and remember MSME 
is a very, very broad term. So even like certain loans that we take from PSU banks at Rs.50 
Crores is also falling under SME or something so the range is like between Rs.50,000 to 
Rs.50 Crores people classified sometimes as MSME, but at the level that we are doing it our 
rates are not very, very different than a lot of our competitors are doing so I do not want you 
to get the idea that we are an outlier in terms of rates. That is probably around average so 
this is the kind of a high yield business and it is high yield because it is high opex business. 

 
 
 
Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 18, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
The operating costs are much, much higher in microfinance for example and you are doing 
doorstep collections on an individual level instead on a group level so that also increases 
your expenses. You are doing a much more stringent form of credit from a completely 
separate team that increases your cost. The type of people you have to hire is obviously a lot 
more qualified and theoretically although I have not experienced it but at least textbook 
wise it is slightly more risky also is at least what they claim. So the yields are basically a 
function of all of that. Number one low penetration and low competition. Number two it is a 
high opex and number three higher risk apparently, but theoretically. 
Jigar Shah: 
Got it Sir. Thank you Sir. This helps and I just had another question like what would be the 
other cost of borrowing for the quarter? 
Alok J Patel: 
All inclusive cost will be about 12.5%. 
Vivek Modi: 
In fact this quarter is the larger part of about 70% borrowing was from PSU banks. 
Alok J Patel: 
But the interest rates in the market have been going up. I am sure you are aware of that. 
What we could borrow at 22 versus what we can borrow at 23 even though our ratings are 
better overall cost in the market have gone up significantly for reasons that I am sure you 
guys know better than I do. 
Jigar Shah: 
Got it Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Alok J Patel: 
Well thank you so much. Thanks to everybody for joining. It is a good quarter. I think 
hopefully we can keep the run going and I thank everybody for their support and very 
insightful questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. On behalf of JM Financial that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may not disconnect your line. 
