  
  
   
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
Ref: ITL/SE/2023-24/27 
Date: August 04, 2023 
To, 
The Manager, 
The Manager 
Corporate Relation Department 
Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5'» Floor; Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400001 
Mumbai — 400051 
Scrip Code: 532326 
Symbol: INTENTECH; 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of the Ql FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call held 
on July 31, 2023. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https: //in10stech.com /investors/earnings- 
call 
  
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Al, Vikrampuri, Secunderabad - 500 009. 
a 
l 
Telangana, India 
Nn 
S 
T: 
+91 40 44558585 
F: 
+91 40 77819040 
E: 
info@imlOstech.com CIN- L30007TGI9S90PLCOTI51IO 
Our Global Offices 
; Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
| Singapore 
www.iniOstech.com 
 
PODUGU 
PRATYUS
HA
Digitally signed 
by PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2023.08.04 
10:51:59 +05'30'

Inlos*" 
“Intense Technologies Limited 
Q1-FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C.K.SHASTRI 
: FOUNDER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. ANISHA SHASTRI 
: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. JAYANT DWARKANATH 
: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. ANIL KUMAR VENGAYIL 
: COO 
MR. NITIN SARDA 
: CFO 
MR. LOKESH 
: FINANCE TEAM 
InlOs” 
Page 
1 of 12:

InlOs” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 31, 2023 
  
Moderator: 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Intense Technologies Limited's Q1 
FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘* 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on Intense Technologies Limited's First 
Quarter FY'24 Earnings Conference Call for Investors and Analysts. 
Today we 
have 
with 
us 
Mr. 
C. 
K. 
Shastri 
- Managing 
Director; 
Mr. 
Jayant 
Dwarkanath 
— Director; 
Ms. Anisha 
Shastri 
— Director; 
Mr. 
Anil Kumar — Chief 
Operating Officer of the Company; Mr. Nitin Sarda — the CFO and also Mr. Lokesh 
from the Finance Team. 
Before we commence, please note that some of the statements made on today’s call 
could be forward-looking in nature. And a note to that effect has been included in the 
earnings release of the Company which is available on the stock exchange websites. 
| would now like to invite Ms. Shastri for the brief introduction to the management 
team and take the call forward. Over to Ms. Anisha. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Anisha Shastri, 
| am a Whole- 
Time Director here at Intense Technology. With me 
| also have Mr. Shastri, Founder 
and CMD of Intense, 
| have Mr. Jayant Dwarkanath, who is the Whole-Time Director 
as well. 
| have our CFO — Nitin Sarda, and then 
| also have our COO, 
Mr. Anil 
Vengayil. 
For those of you who do not know Intense Technologies, 
| just want to give you a 
quick introduction of who we are. We are an enterprise software product and tech- 
enabled services company. We initially started focusing on Telco but over the last 
five years we have brought 
in our focus to now primarily focusing on BFSI and 
government businesses. 
So, apart from Telco we also do business with banks, 
insurance companies and the government. 
InlOs"" 
Page 2 of 12:

Anil Vengayil: 
We have been seeing a lot of traction for our products and in fact 
| am very proud to 
tell you that today we have pretty much all the large private banks and insurance 
companies in the country that you can think of using our product and services. And 
we in some way or the other touch millions and crore of lives in the country by means 
of our products. 
| would also like to introduce you to, 
if you were following us on our previous calls 
then you would have Known about our “Project Butterfly” Initiative and our growth 
plans for the organization. But for those who are joining us for the first time on this 
call, 
| would 
like to give you 
a quick and brief introduction to what this “Project 
Butterfly”, Initiative is. 
The idea here is that now 
| think we as an organization believe that it’s time for us to 
get out of our cocoon and it’s time for us to fly and that’s the line of thought behind 
“Project Butterfly’. 
The idea behind “Project Butterfly’ is to ensure that we vertically expand the kind of 
revenue generating lines that we had as an organization, given the fact that we have 
so many large banks, telcos, insurance companies etc, to our credit. We would like 
to leverage the kind 
of products and services that we have as an organization, 
expand on them in order to be able to provide more holistic offerings to our customers 
and so that we are able to farm them better. We also want to open up the kind of 
hunting line revenue streams that we have for our hunting organization. With that 
mission we have been focusing on ensuring that we are able to provide healthy 
growth from what we used to do to what we do today. 
Q1 Earnings 
So, you may have already looked at our financial results. This year, Q1FY24 we have 
closed our top-line at about 723.95 crore as opposed to the =17.25 crore that we did 
year, in Q1FY23. We also closed our PBT at 3.18 crore this year as opposed to the 
=1.31 crore that we did last year. 
We are a debt-free company. Our cashflows are healthy and our cashflows give us 
the ability to be able to take some risks now. This is what we started off on, embarked 
on a couple of quarters ago last year and the same trend continues this year. 
Our idea 
is to ensure that as 
| said that we vertically expand our products and 
services we improve our processes so that we are able to control our cost and deliver 
better results to our customers more efficiently. We invest in the right kind of talent; 
the right kind of skill sets that are able to take us to the kind of growth levels that we 
hope to achieve and we continue to invest in innovation as we always have as a 
product and services organizations. 
| would now like to hand 
it over to our COO — Mr. Anil Vengayil. He will speak to you 
about the details of how we are going to achieve this growth. 
Good afternoon, 
| am Anil here, COO of Intense Technologies. 
To add on to what Anisha just spoke about “Project Butterfly’, primarily has few key 
objectives: 
e = |tis about enabling the revenue growth of this Company by enabling revenue 
growth engines. 
InlOs"" 
Page 3 of 12:

Anisha Shastri: 
Anil Vengayil: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
e 
Continue to invest in innovation and foster that innovation DNA within this 
organization. 
e 
We are investing in people as we foray into new domains, there is a need 
for us to upskill and upscale our organization so we are investing in people. 
e 
And the fourth pillar of that 
is an overarching governance to govern this 
initiative. 
So, part of the objectives that we have laid out for “Project Butterfly”, we continue to 
invest in opportunities that are of the future. We are looking at opportunities which 
are long-term in nature rather than short-term, one-off opportunities. We are focused 
on recurring opportunities. 
Anil 
| think we have lost you again. So, while we get back Anil, 
| think what Anil was 
trying 
to convey 
is that, 
the 
lines 
of business that we have been working 
on 
expanding. So, what we have done 
is, we are not going out of line from what we 
have done 
in the past, 
but what we used to do 
in the past 
is one product and 
peripheral services. Anil, please go ahead. 
So, we are focused on long-term opportunities which span multiple years. We are 
also 
focused 
on 
opportunities 
which 
are 
recurring 
in 
nature which 
gives 
us 
predictable 
recurring 
revenue 
over 
multiple 
years. We 
have forayed 
into 
the 
technologies of the future, which 
is Data Services. We are seeing a lot of traction 
when 
it comes to Data Services in existing accounts that we have. Large banks are 
grappling with lot of data. So, there are a lot of opportunities which we can go after. 
We are investing in Cloud Services, we are building partnerships, we are upscaling 
our organization. Again, the financial institutions are moving towards the Cloud, they 
are adopting Cloud in a much significant manner than previous years. We are also 
having our products put on to the SaaS platform. Our products have been certified 
by Amazon AWS and our products will be by next quarter be delivered as the SaaS 
platform both on Amazon and in the global marketplace of Amazon. 
So, the last thing 
| wanted to talk about from a growth engine perspective is that we 
are pursuing some good opportunities in the government sector as the government 
continues to transform and adopt digital ecosystems, we see an opportunity over 
there so there are opportunities which we are pursuing in the public sector. So, with 
the public sector and our focus on the SaaS, our focus on our existing clients which 
are all marquee clients in the industry, we definitely do see a good horizon for this 
Company to grow its revenue over the next few years. 
So, that’s what 
| had to put on the table briefly. Over to you, Anisha. 
Governments today are really tech savvy and they expect no less than the best 
available technology in the markets. So, a lot of managed services opportunities that 
we are pursuing are based on the tenets of Al and Blockchain, and that help us 
deliver more full-proof, latest cutting-edge tech to government as well. 
With that 
| think we are more or less done with what we wanted to share. Mr. Shastri 
should have some closing comments. 
No, we will take the questions from the investors. 
Okay, fantastic. Over to you, Siddharth. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
InlOs"" 
Page 4 of 12:

Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Farhan Amalani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Farhan Amalani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
John Kumar: 
Nitin Sarda: 
John Kumar: 
Jayant Dwarkanath: 
John Kumar: 
Jayant Dwarkanath: 
While we wait for questions 
| just wanted to correct myself. 
| said Profit Before Tax 
was 23.18 crore this year, 
it is actually 4.08 crore, $3.18 crore is Profit After Tax. 
Thanks. 
Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Farhan Amalani from SJ Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
So, 
| have a couple of question. First is from what 
| see from your press release you 
have mentioned 
that 
the Company 
classifies 
its 
client 
additions 
into 
annuity 
engagements and growth engagements. Can you give a ballpark number of like what 
percentage of our revenue for the latest quarter was from annuity engagements? 
And also, the EBITDA margin has increased from 12% to 18% currently. So, what 
kind of steady-state margins are you looking for the next say two to three years? 
To answer your first question approximately 
| think we are around the ballpark of 
about 60% annuity number, that’s to answer your first question. 
And the second question was on EBITDA so yes we have seen growth in our EBITDA 
numbers from last year’s Q1 to this year’s Q1. We have put in a lot of processes 
internally 
in 
place 
to 
monitor 
efficiency, 
improve 
productivity, 
improve 
budget 
tracking, etc. So, we are hoping that we are able to sustain and continue to improve 
on this. 
Any number as such? 
| would refrain from giving hard numbers, but 
| would like to show you that we are 
doing our best to ensure that we focus not just on improving our top-line but also on 
improving our bottom-line. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from the line of John Kumar from Alfa Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
My question is related to the balance sheet given by the Company for the end of the 
financial year, 31st March '23. So, would you be able to elaborate on the fixed assets 
of the Company from March, so 
if 
| recall correctly from my memory, it’s 74.3 crore 
or something as fixed assets so would you be able to elaborate on what’s considered 
in that 4.3 crore odd. And also, on the current investments of the Company that’s 
around %15 crore? 
Basically, our fixed asset at this point of time comprises of our existing infrastructure 
that we have in mostly the IT infrastructure in terms of laptops and all. 
Okay, does 
it include any fixed assets like property or anything buildings, lands, any 
kind of that or? 
We have 6000 square feet of prime location property which is owned by us, which 
was purchased in 1999. 
And it’s all based on the market value of the assets, all those fixed assets? 
We are not taking market value of the property; market value of the property would 
be much higher. 
InlOs"" 
Page 5 of 12:

John Kumar: 
Nitin Sarda: 
John Kumar: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Moderator: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarada: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarada: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Okay so 
in reality the value of the fixed assets will be higher than whats actually 
done, which is the case with almost any company in India. The value on the books 
will be less than what the market value is. And would you be able to elaborate on the 
current assets as well? On the last financial year in 31st March, 
it said 16 crore. 
So, pretty much in terms of our current assets, we have avery healthy cash balance 
of about 240 crore which is sitting and that gives us required impetus to invest in our 
growing 
services, 
to 
invest 
in 
talent, 
and 
besides 
that we 
also 
have 
about 
40 crore sitting in our receivables, 50% of which you know generally as a company 
we have broad-lined contracted agreements of 90 days credit period. So, our current 
assets remain healthy and that reflects the growing scalability of the Company. 
And the accounts receivables seem to be higher than the previous year is there any 
specific reason for the increase in the account receivables? 
Yes, 
if you have seen, the top-line has also increased that’s the primary reason as a 
consequence 
if you see most of our revenues are bundled 
in Q4 that 
is why my 
accounts receivable has also increased. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sumit Kothari, who is an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
So, in the last con-call you have spoken about it 30% kind of the top-line growth with 
the minimum margin of 35%. And in the current quarter our operating margins were 
little less than 20%. So, are saying that we will be doing 
a %120 crore kind of a 
top-line with the 40% - 42% kind of EBITDA for the current year, which is FY'24. 
Definitely 
our ambition 
is 
to 
clock 30% EBITDA 
and 
have 
a 
healthy growth 
of 20% - 25%, but 
| would not really comment, those are our ambitions, will definitely 
be able to outperform our historical numbers. 
No but in the last call we had given a guidance for the next three years we will go at 
a bare minimum 30% with a 35% kind of an EBITDA margin, if | recollect it. So, are 
we standing by that guidance which we had given? 
Yes, definitely that is our aspiration as well as an organization that’s what we try to 
achieve. Realistically we have our targets and strategy aligned in that, but in terms 
of actuals, we believe we should be closer to our guidance. 
Okay, because in the current quarter the margins were a little less than 20%. And 
it 
was communicated that the guidance would show up from the Q1 numbers itself. So, 
| was a little curious to ask you about it. 
So, also to answer your questions basically it also depends on the mix of our revenue 
as we are foraying 
into other streams 
of revenue being transmission and also 
bundled services. So, we are taking up a lot of contracts wherein the receivables is 
almost immediate, but the margins in terms of percentage would not be as much, but 
in terms of growth 
it would contribute to 20% to 25% growth year-on-year. 
At a consolidated level, you might not see that 30% or 25% that we are aspiring to, 
but in our quest to provide one-stop solution provider we do take up lot of ancillary 
solutions that would not really add up to 35%, 30%, 25% all this. 
But it improves our stickiness with our customers. 
InlOs"" 
Page 6 of 12:

Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
CK Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sumit Kothari: 
CK Shastri: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Anil Vengayil: 
Moderator: 
Ramakrishnan: 
So, the current cash on the books is close to 40 crore as you just spoke about. And 
out of the #54 crore of receivables which were there at the end of March, the current 
number stands at =40 crore, is that right? 
Yes. 
And the second thing 
is about the new Independent Directors which the Company 
have been recently appointing. So, my request is why can’t we get someone from 
the industry like from the 
IT industry or from telecom industry which 
is where big 
contributing percentage to the total revenues. 
| Know we got someone from the Air 
Force background, great but 
| think this company is actually thinking of revamping 
the Board, but 
it would be really great if you get someone from the industry, 
it could 
really help. 
Sure, Sumit we are having some very big names to our group to come on Board, on 
Advisory Board, because of their other obligations, we are talking to quite a few of 
them and 
if you have any good ones, we are open to talking to them. 
We also brought 
in 
Mr. 
Gopal, because 
he comes with 
a very strong finance 
background. And as we look to improve on both top and bottom-lines he provides 
very strategic inputs in terms of how we can achieve that. 
And my last question is regarding any fund raise we might plan to do, because the 
Company is looking to grow in many verticals and many geographies also. And we 
are still a little smaller company 
if you want to have 
a global footprint so are we 
looking at some kind of a fund raise in the immediate future? 
Sumit, 
if we find a good company to acquire and grow inorganically that’s when we 
will be thinking about that. But other than that, at this point in time we don’t have any 
such plans. 
If at all there 
is an opportunity especially we are looking at very small 
companies in the U.S where it’s going to make sense for mutually stock and cash 
deal or something like that, we will have to work out. It’s too early for us to comment 
on that. But those talks are definitely there at the back of our mind, because we need 
to break into U.S. and the only way we somehow feel fast track that 
is through 
acquiring a company in the U.S., asmall company with niche clients. 
Okay, because 
| see that you have a lot of cash in our books and 
if we are able to 
receive the receivables that 
is ¥40 crore 
of cash plus 40 crore of receivables 
because we don’t have too much of payables, it’s still a significant cash that we might 
be having by the end of year. So, we have 270 crore to %80 crore of cash, 
if we 
receive the receivables. So, how do we plan to use the cash is what 
| wanted to know 
basically. 
Yes, absolutely we agree with you that’s the whole from the inception of our company 
till now we never had this opportunity of investing and taking some risk to grow the 
company. We always were struggling to do that and this 
is the cushion which we 
have got to invest in growth. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from the 
line 
of Mr. Ramakrishnan who 
is an 
investor. Please go ahead. 
| have 
a question with respect to “Project Butterfly”. 
| understand that multiple 
investments were made during the last fiscal year and operating cost were a little 
high 
and 
all 
that. 
However, 
| 
still 
observe 
that 
the 
operating 
expenses 
are 
comparatively higher year-on-year compared to the last similar quarter and all that. 
InlOs"" 
Page 7 of 12:

Anisha Shastri: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
R. Chandrasekar: 
Anisha Shastri: 
CK Shastri: 
R. Chandrasekar: 
CK Shastri: 
R. Chandrasekar: 
So, the operating expense are still slightly higher. So, will the trend continue to have 
higher operating expenses or how is it, 
| mean 
| just want to know on this? 
So, in terms of operating expenses see what we have done is as opposed to earlier 
where we only used to sell our products, now we have also started taking on a lot of 
large 
managed 
services 
opportunities 
with 
government 
and 
with 
private 
organizations also. So, that involves us to do everything end-to-end right from setting 
up their infrastructure to providing software, to operations and maintenance of that 
software, so sometimes when you see these spurts of operating expenses, 
it maybe 
to 
do 
with 
the 
fact that we would 
have started deploying 
or executing 
on 
a 
government project. That’s the reason for the spurt in operating expenses. 
Also with respect to current quarter, 
if you see the jump of about <4 crore in operating 
expenses that is because like 
| had mentioned earlier we are providing bouquet of 
services and as 
a solution provider we also have to undertake certain hardware 
transactions to support our customers wherein the margins would not be as much as 
in case of services or software but the realization 
is almost immediate. And the 
increase, almost 80% of my current increase in operating expenses can be attributed 
to those transactions. 
And transmissions services. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Ranjith Chandrashekhar from 
Tarun and Vigi Limited. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity to interact with you all. From the last quarter itself we 
have the opportunity to interact with you people. 
My main question 
is from the 
previous concall, we have started investing on the international market mainly on 
end-to-end systems. 
| just want to mainly Know like have you got any new clients 
from the international market? 
We are still continuing to pursue those markets, 
in fact, we also added a couple of 
additional sales hands in the Middle East and Africa regions. We are still working on 
it. 
We hope to add this year. From the pipeline it looks like we may add one or two new 
clients from the international markets. But it is definitely our aspiration as 
| said we 
have been definitely struggling to break into the United States. But with this new 
approach of tech-enabled services we see some traction. And what we are doing is 
that we are going on the partner model for the international markets to see because 
they already have relationship and engagement with some customers, giving us a 
compelling value proposition through that makes sense. We just are in the advance 
stage of signing up with a very big partner for the U.S. 
Second question is on the recruitments, like in the previous meeting we have been 
investing in the senior executives on the sale side and other stuff, how we are going 
with the recruitments, are we still looking for recruiting new people in the next few 
quarters or like how recruitment is? 
Yes, absolutely our CFO Nitin is a new addition and we have been adding quite a 
few talents in the managed services, customer engagement folks and in the delivery 
and the sales and innovation. 
And on the end-to-end systems which you are pitching in, you have started pitching 
in end-to-end systems now, are we like obviously when we are pitching as we seems 
InlOs"" 
Page 8 of 12:

Anisha Shastri: 
Anil Vengayil: 
Moderator: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
CK Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Nitin Sarda: 
like started our revenues we would be seeing at some after a couple of quarters 
where in the first one or two quarters maybe we have to invest more on those stuffs. 
The ones which we have invested 
in the end-to-end systems in the past, have we 
started seeing any changes like the business or the clients have started showing 
their interest on us, what do you think, how it is going? 
In 
fact, the portion 
of what we did 
in Q1 
this year also 
reflect some 
of those 
investments paying 
off. We 
are seeing very 
healthy traction 
with 
our existing 
customers as well and it’s also opening up opportunities for our hunters to be able 
to sell more lines of services to other potential customers. So, we are definitely 
seeing the traction that we were hoping to. 
And here 
| am just to add to what Anisha was saying that ever since we kind of 
conceived and launched “Project Butterfly”. So far we have very 
little reason to 
course correct. So, we are still following the actions of what was conceived and the 
results are encouraging. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from the line of Milan Shah from Urmil Research 
Consultancies. Please go ahead. 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers, which is what promise you have made 
it in the last call. 
It is achieved. “Butterfly Project” which we have introduced, 
it 
is 
operational right now or it is going to operational after some quarters? 
No, 
it has been operational, we started introducing 
it around Q3 last year and now 
governance is healthy. 
Is there any ballpark number because we have spent it on “Butterfly Project’? 
So, basically, “Project Butterfly’, is not just one number, it’s basically a set of actions 
you Know that we as a business need to be taking in order to healthily grow the top 
and bottom line. So, it’s basically a combination of improving our product and service 
offerings, adding the right processes, adding the right talent, focusing on innovation, 
etc. So, it’s basically our overall strategy for the organization. 
Congratulation for Nitin Sarda joining the Company. As per his previous profile our 
Company is in very good hands right now. And Nitin Sir has mentioned that we are 
going to acquire some small company in the USA, 
| think it is the right thing to do. 
So, how much time it is going to some to acquire the company, 
if any timeframe? 
No, we don’t have any timeframe, we are open to seeing those opportunities come 
and 
it is getting the company at the right price and right match is what is there, 
if you 
have any good company, please do suggest. 
And our product is not going to bundle with any software banking company, so our 
marketing and efforts cost is going to be down, and we are showing the banking 
sector more in foreign countries. 
Currently we have almost all the large banks 
in India as our customers. And our 
ambition is to see that we bring in many international banks also as a global thing, 
we could achieve some in the Middle East. We have Mashreq Bank as our customer. 
We have First Gulf Bank as our customer. But it’s a process and we are very keen 
to add more international logos to the BFSI. 
InlOs"" 
Page 9 of 12:

Moderator: 
Vijay: 
CK Shastri: 
Vijay: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Vijay: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Ankur Gulati: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Vijay who is an investor. Please 
go ahead. 
My question is whether the management has initiated any steps or is there any plan 
to have a meeting with the institutional investors, considering there is no institutional 
investor as per the current shareholding partner. 
We are planning to have a road show soon, but we will let you Know. The plans are 
there but the timing 
is yet to be there. There has been some interest and some 
people are talking to us. 
My next question is can we please know your employee strength? 
We are currently about 570. 
My 
last question 
is, what 
if the financial guidance 
for the forthcoming quarter 
compared to last year? 
Our endeavor will be to do better than the quarters that we had last year, that’s what 
| can say. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from the line of Ankur Gulati, who 
is an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Can you just tell us the reasons for decline in revenue quarter-on-quarter, is there a 
seasonality impact? 
Beg your pardon, because there is no decline in revenue. 
If you are comparing our 
Q4 to Q1, typically as an organization our Q4 has been the heaviest of our four 
quarter. We are working towards balancing our quarters out, but even now as we 
speak typically Q4 is heavy for us. 
And is this because most billing happens in Q4 or new contracts come in Q4? 
Yes, so customer's budget tend to lapse so they tend to close orders in Q4, you know 
AMC revenue comes in Q4, annuity licenses come in Q4 so which is why our Q4 
tends to be heavier. 
And taking a step back for your “Project Butterfly’, can you give us, let’s say what 
are the enablers or milestones, 
| mean is it geographical expansion, client expansion 
or what? 
So, the focus of Butterfly is there on client expansion, more than client expansion 
our focus is on revenue expansion. So, that may be from existing clients as well or it 
may be addition of new clients, both we are looking at. We are also looking at multiple 
revenue streams and so each revenue stream, we have certain internal targets that 
we have set for ourselves, and we keep tracking our progress on a weekly basis on 
how we are able to measure each of those service offerings. Those lines, like for 
example, 
data, 
cloud, 
managed 
services, 
our 
communications 
products, 
our 
transmission products, our local products etc. 
From this quarter or from last financial year is 
it possible to club them into two or 
three headings from our revenue/business perspective just to understand which 
component is giving you maximum revenue? 
InlOs"" 
Page 10 of 12:

Nitin Sarda: 
Ankur Gulati: 
CK Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
CK Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
CK Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Ankur Gulati: 
CK Shastri: 
Jayant Dwarkanath: 
Ankur Gulati: 
CK Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Pratik: 
Definitely what we are thinking as part of our annual reports we will definitely try to 
provide the breakup of our revenue segments. 
And 
| am pretty sure, annual report is nearing completion but if you can give us more 
some sort of enablers of Butterfly in your annual report that will help. The last point 
is if you guys say you have 70% market share in private sector banks, any progress 
with 
public 
sector 
banks 
or 
other 
retail 
NBFCs 
where 
they 
will 
use 
your 
communication tech pack? 
We are trying to penetrate into public sector banks, but you know the process is long, 
and once we identified RFB tenders and all of that, 
it is quite a long process, despite 
that we are chasing couple of them 
in that. And NBFC as a 
vertical we started 
developing. Being a mission critical thing, we do still have a problem of long selling 
cycle and definitely NBFCs are some of our targets. 
Last point, 
| think promoters did some warrants or preferential share sometime back, 
correct? 
Yes. 
What will be your shareholding post-conversion? 
20.7%. Including the directors and promoters put together it is 27% - 28%. 
Including what sir, second part, what you said, including what? 
Directors and promoters and employees. 
And what are the use of proceeds for that fundraise? 
It was typically we wanted to increase our stakes, the biggest ground in the markets 
is that the promoter holding is less. So, the whole idea was to increase the thing. 
It was more of an expression of confidence in the community to say that we are 
confident about our business and the promoter increasing their stake, 
it will be more 
of an expression of confidence. 
So, just building on that any thoughts on doing a buyback with the cash sitting with 
the company, because that will lead to the payment back? 
That plan is there but we would want to delay it after a year or so, like we would want 
to see invest in growth for now and then take the call on that. 
Thank you. Our last question for the question-and-answer session comes from the 
line of Mr. Pratik who is an investor. Please go ahead. 
So, a couple of questions, one in terms of government contracts can you give some 
color in terms of contract length that you are getting? And also on the BFS! side? 
And the other question is on the “Project Butterfly”, 
if you could put a ballpark number 
in terms of what amount you would be sending over the next three years? And what 
kind of savings are you expecting from those spending? 
InlOs"" 
Page 11 of 12:

CK Shastri: 
Pratik: 
CK Shastri: 
Pratik: 
CK Shastri: 
Moderator: 
CK Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Project Butterfly is more or less, we have a 
lot of IP assets, we have IP assets with 
data services, we have IP assets 
in communications. So, we have conceived this 
whole idea 
of doing, converting them instead 
of sending them as licenses, just 
converting them into data services so that the selling cycles are shortened and we 
broaden our wallet share from 
a single customer, that was the strategy and the 
increments increase in the manpower, this year it is not going to be much more than 
what it is today. Maybe about 10% or so there could be an increase, but it will justify 
the growth what we have seen from that. 
Typically government contracts are five to six years which they come up with. And 
post that they either renew it or retender the thing. So, that’s how these contracts are 
at the moment. Sometimes we also get these contracts through outsourced partners 
like system integrators and partners wherein they typically do two years renewals 
and things like that. 
And just a follow-up, do you have a step-up in the contract length or is the price fixed 
for all the things. 
There is normally a fixed thing. Step-up is a volume thing because what happens is 
typical with one contract we have transaction-based pricing where the volume goes 
up we get upside. Whereas other contracts are it’s either how we price the thing and 
how that the government comes up with the pricing models. 
And one last question are there any payment delays that you are facing from the 
government? 
There are not many but we, anyway, factor in the about 90 to 150 days in our costing 
itself. 
Thank you. 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the 
last question. 
| now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you very much for taking time to participate in this thing and your feedback 
and your suggestions are always valued, and 
it will help us implement and grow this. 
Thank you very much and we look forward to having these calls, irrespective of the 
performance to have the call going forward every quarter. 
Thank 
you. 
On 
behalf 
of 
Intense 
Technologies 
Limited 
that 
concludes 
this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
InlOs"" 
Page 12 of 12:
