  
  
SONATA 
<5 
c 
z 
> 
wu 
  
Kue> 
Pe) 
g 
A 
Ce 
P 
ETT) 
1628 
  
E 
= 
& 
  
  
 
MANA 
 
  
  
SONATA SOFTWARE 
 CMMIDEV/5 
18" May, 2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 
Kind Attn: Manager, Listing Department 
Kind Attn: Manager, Listing Department 
Stock Code — SONATSOFTW 
Stock Code - 532221 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF ANALYSTS/INVESTORS CALL 
REF: REGULATION 46(2)(OA) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 
Further to our disclosure dated 11° May, 2023 and 15 May, 2023, please find enclosed Transcript of 
Analyst/Investor call of the Company held on 15‘" May, 2023. The same is also made available on the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us/investor- 
relations/quarterly/results. 
Please take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sonata Software Limited 
UpNewcerwn_ 
Mangal Kulkarni 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head Legal 
Encl.: As above 
Sonata Software Limited - SSL 
Website: www.sonata-software.com 
Registered Office: 208, T V Industrial Estate, 2™ Floor, S K Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai — 400 030 
email: info@sonata-software.com 
Corporate Office: APS Trust Building, Bull Temple Road, N. R. Colony, Bangalore 
- 560 004, India 
Tel: +91 80 6778 1999 
| 
Fax: +91 8026610972 
| 
CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Sonata Software Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT MR. SAMIR DHIR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED 
MR. SUJIT MOHANTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SONATA INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY LTD. 
MR. JAGANNATHAN CN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sonata Software Limited Q4 FY '23 and Full 
Year FY '23 Earnings Update Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then ”0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Samir Dhir – CEO and Managing Director from Sonata 
Software Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Samir Dhir: 
Thank you, moderator. My name is Samir and a very good evening to all of you. A very warm 
welcome to this Conference Call to discuss our “Strategy and Goals and the Financial Results” 
for the Quarter 4, which ended on March 31, 2023, and the Full Year Updates. Thank you for 
joining us today. We appreciate your valuable time and support. 
It's my pleasure to share that the progress that we have continued to make with respect to our 
vision and growth for Sonata. The executive team remains committed to judiciously accelerate 
the growth curve and build scale and as we've always talked about, build scale in terms of large 
clients, large deals, market, partnerships and talent. We had a very exciting quarter and delivered 
yet another quarter of industry leading growth and I'll share the numbers little later in the call. 
But before I do that, let me cover an update on our strategic goals first. 
If you recall, we had stated in October 2022 that our international business will be $0.5 billion 
in 4 years' time and we'll be known as a specialist firm in modernization and digital engineering 
and scale our India business aligned towards gaining market share with end-to-end contracts 
with data and cloud modernization opportunities. We have made tremendous progress towards 
our strategic goals of M&A, large deals and verticalization. 
Let me cover M&A first. We acquired Quant Systems, a Texas-based IT services and software 
company in an all-cash deal in the quarter, the biggest ever acquisition in Sonata Software 
history. Quant had delivered $37 million in revenue and mid-30% EBITDA in CY '22. Quant 
brings 2 large clients to Sonata, which will be Top 5 clients at Sonata from day 1 and this aligns 
to our strategy to invest in BFSI and health care. One of the clients is a BFSI client and the other 
is a health care client. 
In the past 7 to 8 weeks, we have made significant progress in integrating Quant into Sonata. At 
this point in time, I'm happy to report that from a go-to-market perspective, the 2 teams are fully 
integrated. We're working judiciously to create large deals, midsized deals and really expanding 
our footprint into BFSI and health care, which was a strategic rationale of making the deal in the 
first place. And we'll report more on that as we move forward, but at this point in time the go-
to-market teams are fully integrated between Quant and Sonata teams. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
For the large deals, if you recall when I came on board, I had shared with you a sharp focus on 
large deals and we are very pleased with the progress we have made. Just to recap, we announced 
2 large deals in Q2, 4 in Q3 and we're delighted that in the last quarter, we closed 3 large deals 
and 1 of them is the largest ever deal for Sonata. 
Let me provide you commentary on the 3 large deals we closed in the quarter. First, the largest 
ever dealer of Sonata which was a $160 million contract for 10 years. This client is backed by 
one of the largest private equity firms, have a very strong cash flow and generating double-digit 
profitability. The client, which is a net new logo for Sonata, will make a direct entry into our 
Top 5 client list of Sonata. This 10-year strategic modernization deal will entail Sonata taking 
over all the technology towers including people transfer, which supports our U.S. localization 
strategy and also, we will be responsible for end-to-end IT modernization and transformation. 
This is end-to-end and that's the key word to emphasize here. We are building a single platform 
for our future for the client to modernize and transform their core application suite, creating an 
omnichannel and connected organization with a customer 360-degree view. 
We will bring that expertise and skills pertaining to Azure, AWS, enterprise data, automation, 
cloud optimization and CRM as we deliver this program. Beyond this exciting deal, which we 
have talked to you about earlier, there are 2 other large deals we closed in the quarter which 
increased over 12% from the prior quarter. The 2 other large deal we won, 1 is a large multiyear 
deal we won with a leading network service provider. Sonata signed a multiyear contract to 
partner on customer strategic business and technology transformation initiatives with a focus to 
deliver operational efficiencies and excellence leveraging our modernization capabilities. This 
is a multiyear contract. The third deal, which is a managed services deal of our Microsoft 
platform integrating Microsoft technologies and other IT solutions. This is a multiyear large deal 
as well with 1 of the largest manufacturers based outside of the U.S. 
Customer selected us as a strategic partner to support them on their modernization journey. Our 
robust solution backed by our credentials with Microsoft product engineering and support really 
helped us win this deal. So, with that, our story just to recap of large deals continues to grow 
strong strength to strength, 2 deals in Q2, 4 in Q3 and again 3 in Q4 with one of the largest deals 
ever in Sonata's history. 
From large deals, we could move on to provide an update on the verticalization. As you recall, 
we had talked about driving sharper focus into new verticals as well as harvesting the existing 
verticals. The invest verticals we called out was the BFSI and health care, life sciences. And the 
harvest verticals were TMT, which is telecom, media and high-tech, and retail manufacturing. 
Let's talk about the invest verticals. 
On the Invest vertical side, we continue to build strong sales, delivery and domain capabilities 
in these verticals. The BFSI vertical is constantly evolving and adapting to new technology 
regulations and customer preferences. Our growth in banking industry in time to come will really 
be pivoted off these vectors. The banking industry has recently been facing some challenges, but 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
the area that we are focused on, which is in the consumer banking space and the regulatory space 
and data privacy space, the demand patterns continues to be robust even now. 
On the health care side, the industry is expected to continue to grow in the coming years driven 
by demographic changes, technological advancements and changing health care delivery 
models. The shift towards value-based care and technological advancements have led to the 
development of new treatments and medical equipment, which are some of the key factors 
leading to overall positive outlook in the health care industry. 
On the harvest vertical side, we saw the strength of Sonata for a long time which is TMT, retail 
and manufacturing. We continue to see strong pipeline build and order book momentum across 
all the harvest verticals. Having said that, we are seeing some softness in the high-tech industry, 
which is close to about 25%, 30% of our overall business. In a few select niche clients where 
growth rates have reduced, we're still growing but the growth rates have come down in the high-
tech industry. But we remain overall positive even in the high-tech sector despite of those few 
clients that have showed some slowdown. 
With that, let me move to provide you an update on the scale. It is indeed a pleasure to inform 
that Suresh HP has joined us from Mindtree as the Delivery Head of Sonata or Chief Delivery 
Officer for Sonata overall. With his rich experience, Suresh will enable Sonata to continue 
building an innovative and delivery organization that inspires our clients and team members to 
deliver high quality outcomes. 
This is a strategic hire for us especially given our focus on large deals. We believe the capabilities 
and skills that Suresh brings to the table will really help us accelerate our large deal journey from 
a solution and capability point of view. Beyond that, we are increasing our investments in 
Generative AI. We're very excited about this space in Generative AI and we continue to make 
significant inroads in the Generative AI area. And we're happy to report that we won our first 
contract in the Generative AI space in the past quarter. This is a marquee engagement for us to 
modernize the productivity requirements of our clients using Generative AI. 
We will continue to grow our India business with a sharp focus on annuity business. Our 
endeavor is to move up the value chain and make Sonata a preferred partner for everything 
related to cloud and data and really continue to drive end-to-end contracts with these clients. 
We have kicked off our endeavor to build trusted partnerships with leading hyperscalers and 
other key players who can strengthen our modernization play. Happy to report with Microsoft, 
we are now a Microsoft cloud solution partner and have completed 13 more advanced 
specialization with Microsoft. With AWS, we continue to grow strength-to-strength and really 
working with them to drive a high level of ‘Join with the Market’ jointly with them. 
With that, let me move on to the talent. People success remains core to our success as we move 
forward as we scale the company. We launched Sonata Career Academy to offer access to vast 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
content and opportunities to Sonataees to learn the latest technology and continue to remain a 
value-added provider to our clients. We're very happy with the progress we're making at Sonata 
Career Academy. 
On the diversity and inclusiveness, we formed a global council for D&I in the company and we 
are really pleased with the progress we're making on our D&I charter as well. From a women 
empowerment perspective, we were delighted that we hosted or partnered with the Women's 
T20 cricket franchise and really it helped us strengthen our brand as well as our commitment to 
the D&I initiative. Based on the above updates and progress we have made; whether it is the 
M&A which is largest ever acquisition, whether it is the large deal which is the largest ever deal 
in Sonata's history, whether it is the D&I investment that we are making, our teams have come 
up with this theme called Play Big and this is the Play Big Sonata that you have seen and we're 
very delighted with the progress overall we're making. 
With those broad strategic goal updates, let me move on to Q4. In Q4, our international services 
business grew by 8.6% overall. Within that, organic grew 4.5% quarter-on-quarter. Well pleased 
with the progress with those numbers. Our yearly numbers growth in the international business 
was 18.7%. In constant currency terms we witnessed 8% quarter-on-quarter and 23.1% full year 
Y-on-Y growth. Our operating margins were 23.9% normalized after the onetime M&A related 
costs, which were Rs. 17.1 crores pre-tax. But with those incorporated, our operating margins 
are at 20.7%. The gross contribution in our domestic business grew 2.9% sequentially and 28.8% 
full year Y-on-Y. FY '23, our PAT grew 20%. Consolidated PAT grew 7.8% normalized if you 
back out the M&A related expenses in the quarter. 
We had a net headcount growth of over 702 employees within the company and that excludes 
Quant. We really grew the headcount significantly in the course of the quarter and this also 
includes the 140 freshers that joined the organization in Q4. We continue to make steady 
progress on reducing our attrition. In the quarter, the attrition came in around 12%. 
In summary: 
We continue to remain optimistic about the long-term growth prospects, the progress that we are 
making whether it's large deals, M&A integration as well as driving capabilities in the company. 
In FY '24, as we start the new fiscal, we have 2 tailwinds 1 potential headwind. The 2 tailwinds 
are the large deal that we announced and the Quant acquisition we announced. And then there is 
a potential headwind on the TMT softness in few select clients. All-in, we expect to deliver a 
strong upcoming quarter and expect to stay bullish about our growth prospects in FY '24 and we 
expect to deliver a Top 25% quartile performance in the industry. With that, we remain on course 
for our $500 million goal and deliver a high growth in FY '24 and this growth will be higher 
than FY '23 in dollar terms. 
With that, thank you and let me turn it over to Jagan for his comments on our financial 
performance. Jagan? 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Jagannathan CN: 
Thanks, Samir. Thanks for your update. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, all. 
We had a very exciting quarter and delivered yet another quarter of industry-leading growth. It's 
my pleasure to present you the Q4 '23 Financial Performance. 
The revenue for the quarter grew by 8.6% quarter-on-quarter and 18.1% year-on-year. In rupee 
terms, it was 9% quarter-on-quarter and 28.9% year-on-year. 
In constant currency terms, we have witnessed 8% quarter-on-quarter growth and 21.2% year-
on-year growth. Other metrics. Consolidated EPS for Q4 was Rs. 8.10 per share and Q3 was Rs. 
8.40. Financial year '23 was Rs. 32.60 compared to Rs. 27.2 per share last year. At the consol 
level, ROCE stood at 36.8%. There was a small drop in the ROCE compared to last quarter. This 
was due to the additional capital employed of 4% during the quarter. 6% increase in the network 
and 3% drop in consol PAT presented in the decrease of RONW from 40% to 36.5% in this 
quarter. 
Profitability in Q4 PAT grew quarter-on-quarter 7.8%. Normalized for onetime M&A-related 
costs of Rs. 17.1 crores gross pre-tax and the reported PAT declined by 3.3% quarter-on-quarter. 
For the financial year '23, year-on-year PAT grew by 23.5% on a normalized basis and 20% on 
a reported basis. Q4 consol PAT percentage was 5.8% against 5.2%. Normalized basis Q4 PAT 
stood at 6.8% compared to 5.2% reported last quarter. Q4 consol EBITDA percentage was 7.9% 
against 6.9% in Q3, on a normalized basis, consol EBITDA stood at 8.8%. The International 
services EBITDA before ForEx and OA reported was 20.7% against 23.8% last quarter. 
However, on normalized basis, we have improved 10 basis points and the EBITDA before ForEx 
and OA is actually 23.9% for this quarter. 350 bps quarter-on-quarter drop mainly because of 
salary increment had a net impact of 97 basis points, onetime M&A costs and related costs was 
330 basis points, exchange realization and working days have given us a benefit of 56 basis 
points and Quant profitability impact was around 46 basis points. 
Here in the exceptional segment for the index due to M&A was actually the full quarter 
amortization impact was about what we are expecting from the next quarter. Just for the update 
of the analysts. We will have an amortization impact of around Rs. 9.5 crores per quarter. Then 
interest on the loan what we have borrowed is roughly around Rs. 505 crores. And the interest 
on deferred consideration, which is an accounting entry as per the Ind AS and equal to IFRS, 
this amount is about Rs. 8.5 crores and the total is about Rs. 23 crores impact every quarter. 
The interest on loans will come down once we start repaying the loan and we are expecting to 
completely repay the loan in 12 to 15 months' time. And the interest on deferred consideration 
will sharply drop after the first payment happens in the January, February of 2024 and further it 
will keep coming when the amount is paid fully, this amount will completely go off. 
However, the net amortization amount may continue for a slightly longer period of time when 
the intangible assets are amortized. The domestic gross contribution grew 2.9% sequentially 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
from last quarter and full year was 28.8% year-on-year. Key update apart from these financials 
what I have given, the utilization moved from 84.2% to 86.4% led by optimization of the 
headcount and higher deployment. Added 50 new customers compared to 20 customers’ last 
quarter. Top 20 client concentration sustained at 66%. Number of million-dollar customers have 
increased in Q4. $1 million to $3 million was 43, Q3 was 37; and 4 increase from Quant additions 
happen during this quarter. $3 million to $5 million customers are 7, 3 increase and out of that, 
3 was due to from Quant. And more than $5 million customers are 8, 5 in last quarter, 2 increase 
from Quant. We have mentioned about the new industry vertical classification in the previous 
earning call. 
TMT vertical has contributed to 31% of the revenue, Q3 was 33% followed by 26% in retail, 
CPG and travel and hospitality industry, which was 21% in Q3. Cloud and dynamic competency 
have contributed 36%, which was 35% in the last quarter and 37% of the revenues, respectively. 
So, total headcount moved from 5,727 in Q3 to 6,429 in Q4. The net headcount growth of 700 
employees within the company. Excluding Quant, it was 209 additions. 
In summary, we continue to remain optimistic about our long-term growth prospects. And for 
the quarter and for the year, the final dividend we have declared is Rs. 8.75. With this, the total 
dividend comes to Rs. 15.75 for the whole year. And we continue to be very, very optimistic on 
the growth and, as Samir mentioned, we are very positive in the direction of achieving the $0.5 
billion in the next 3 years. 
Thank you all. Hand over for the questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Baidik 
Sarkar from Unifi Capital. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Congrats to you and the team on a very good print. A couple of questions. Samir, basically your 
conversations today and notwithstanding the deals that you've already won, what is your level 
of satisfaction around the quality of the large deal pipeline conversations that you're having and 
how do you feel about conversions going forward? And on the same line, Samir, over the last 
couple of quarters you are on track and especially since you've come in last year. There's been a 
good amount of qualitative discourse on the new areas of growth in the future. My question is 
how the legacy part of our business doing, right? What's the outlook on the Microsoft part of our 
business that has gotten us here so far? So, your comments on these and then I'll come back with 
the follow-on points. 
Samir Dhir: 
Thanks for the question, Baidik. I think the 2 parts. On the large deals, qualitatively the way to 
think about it is 2 stages. Number 1, as you know, we have invested significantly in the 
modernization engineering aspects. We continue to see a strong demand pattern on the 
modernization side especially all industries, which are consumer facing, whether it is retail, 
whether it is health care we continue to see that momentum come through from a modernization 
perspective. Even in these times while customers are more calibrated, but they have continued 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
to spend and invest in these consumer facing modernization initiatives. So, we don't see any 
significant slowdown on that front. Of course, there are some decisioning delays here and there, 
but by and large the momentum is pretty robust. 
On the cost takeout side, the second bucket, I think there are conversations happening. But really 
seeing the adoption of emerging areas, whether it is the Generative AI area, whether it is the 
modernization automation story of hyper automation. I think that's the second bucket that we 
see. At a high level, I would say about 70% to 80% of our deals are much more modernization 
oriented and only 20%, 30% of the deals are perhaps more on the cost takeout side. So, that's the 
way to think about it. And I think we're pretty bullish about this because as customers continue 
to spend and refine their front stores, we believe we have an opportunity to look at that capability 
and drive that acceleration from a large deal perspective. 
On the second part of your question about the Microsoft relationship that Sonata has enjoyed 
over 30 years. I think that continues to grow quite well. We are very happy about the progress 
we're making and let me give you some color on that, Baidik. There are 2 parts. So, there is of 
course a dynamic, which has been the strong suite of Sonata over the years. We are continuing 
to see a good pipeline build because Microsoft is themselves making good progress on the 
dynamics side to very good relationship. 
And the second part is we are beginning to see adoption of power platforms, which is their low-
code/no-code version of the tools. We continue to see good momentum and for one of the 
telecom clients, we've been commissioned to create a flurry for them in the power platform to 
drive the low-code/no-code adoption. Early days, we can't declare a full success on the low-
code/no-code power platform from a go-to-market perspective. But what we're seeing right now 
is quite tremendous progress investment as well. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
That's helpful, Samir. In terms of the large $160 million deal that we’ve won, the very basic 
math such as starting Q4, the ramp-up works out to about 6% and sequential revenue growth. Is 
that math assumption right or would you caution us on that assumption? 
Samir Dhir: 
So, I think the $160 million 10-year deal, I think it's pretty linear in nature. I think the first 1 or 
2 quarters the ramp-up will begin gradually and then it will fully get ramped up by later in this 
year sometime in second half. So, I think we'll continue to see that come through in the next, I 
would say, 1 to 2 quarters, that will ramp up and scale of the deal coming through. Beyond that, 
it should be pretty linear by and large. Of course, some seasonal effects happen with retailers so 
we do continue see some seasonality effects in this deal also perhaps slightly more uptick in the 
Christmas period and seasons like that. But apart from that, it should be linear. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
I'm sorry, do you say we'll begin to see a ramp up in Q2 or was it Q1? I'm sorry. 
Samir Dhir: 
It's already ramping up now, but the full ramp-up of the deal will happen in Q2. It's already 
ramping up right now. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Baidik Sarkar: 
So, in terms of Q4, how many deals impact would that have? I'm just trying to see what the 
variability in Q1 will be. 
Samir Dhir: 
So, Q4 was almost negligible. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Sorry, come again? 
Samir Dhir: 
Q4 was almost negligible. I think you continue to see a big impact in Q1 and the final one in Q2. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
And the final question for Jagan. Just to understand, did I hear it right, the noncash impact 
starting Q1 will be about INR23 crores a quarter. Is that right? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Correct. You're right. That is below the EBITDA due to acquisition. And this was like except 
for the interest on the loan, the rest is more of an accounting entry, a noncash item. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
I understand. I missed the third component of FY '23. So, Rs. 9.5 crores on amortization, Rs. 8.5 
crores on interest. What was the third component of that? 
Jagannathan CN: 
This is interest on loan is Rs. 5 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, I missed the initial part, but did you say there is softness in travel vertical for 1Q. So, first is 
how should we read 1Q outside the large deal ramp up and Quant acquisition? And second was 
related to this headcount, was there some reclassification between domestic and international IT 
because now our number looks like 300 plus? Initially it used to be around 170, 180. 
Samir Dhir: 
Let me take the first part and I'll let Jagan to take the second part of the question. On the first 
part, we continue to see good demand pattern across our industry. What I was alluding was on 
the high-tech side, Mohit. We have seen in few clients, there is some softness in decision delay. 
That's the headwind I was talking about. But apart from that whether it is retail manufacturing, 
health care, life sciences, even banking; we continue to see a good strong demand momentum 
going on there. It was not travel. 
Mohit Jain: 
TMT is like almost 1/3 in that sense so we should expect some impact there in the first half. Is 
that a fair assumption? 
Samir Dhir: 
Few clients, yes, but not overall. The growth rates have come down, it's not that the growth is 
coming down. It's not about degrowing, but the growth rate has come down in the high-tech 
vertical. 
Mohit Jain: 
And you do not see challenges in the rest of the verticals like retail manufacturing? 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Samir Dhir: 
No, we are not seeing. We are not seeing any challenges right now. Jagan, do you want to take 
the second part, please? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. Mohit, can you repeat the second part of the question? 
Mohit Jain: 
So, I was looking at the headcount split between international IT and domestic so it looks like 
there is some reclassification of headcount between the 2 segments. Domestic now shows close 
to 400, but earlier it used to be around 200, 180 kind of level. So, some employees have moved 
from here to there? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes. Originally the services part of it was with the international services side of it. We have 
moved some people who are providing service, which is integrated with the license sales, they 
were in the international business. Now they have completely been aligned to the India business 
only. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, when you say services business, you're referring to the cloud part of it? 
Jagannathan CN: 
I'm referring to the entire for the licenses whatever is required to be done. There are some 
technical support required for that portion. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. So, when we are trying to calculate your, say, productivity, et cetera, we should only 
consider the headcount which is now disclosed in international IT, right? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Correct. Yes, you're right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Sir, couple of questions. I start with the international vertical first. What challenges do we see 
for FY '24 and '25 vertical-wise and geography-wise? Second, the acquisition which we have 
done, I guess it's the largest one in the entire Sonata's history. So, are there any couple more 
acquisitions you would consider in the near future to expand our international services business? 
Third question on supply side pressure, what catalysts or a positive tailwind we are expecting in 
FY '24 versus what we have experienced in FY '22 or in '23? 
Samir Dhir: 
Let me take the questions one by one. So, on the overall growth forecast and the pipeline that 
we are seeing at this point in time, across verticals and geographies we continue to see a good 
pipeline build for us. Like I said, the only area we've seen some softness in the high-tech space 
for a few customers where there are decision delays and the growth rates have come down to 
what it used to be. But beyond the high tech or the TMT sector of Sonata; whether it is retail 
manufacturing, whether it is banking, health care, life sciences and emerging; all across we're 
not seeing any softness at this point in time. Across geographies, the same story continues 
whether it is U.S., Europe, Far East, Australia, New Zealand and India; the growth momentum 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
is relatively robust across all geographies. So, we can't call out any particular geography, which 
is either underperforming or completely not to our satisfaction. So, we don't see that pattern as 
yet on that first question. 
On the second part of M&A, we've said this before. We will you continue to look for assets and 
properties which are going to cover our white spaces in the modernization engineering space 
and the verticals that we are going after. At this point in time, we just announced an acquisition. 
We are really head down integrating that asset and like I said earlier, we're fully integrated from 
a go-to-market perspective point already. We want to maximize that integration and really 
deliver to the promise that we feel is in front of us after integrating it. But beyond that, if there 
are good possibilities available, we're absolutely happy to consider and take it on value as long 
as it meets our strategic objective on modernization engineering. And the third, let me hand it to 
Jagan on the supply side. Jagan, do you want to answer the supply question. 
Jagannathan CN: 
On the people supply side, your question was more on people supply side, right? So, the market 
has stabilized a little bit more now compared to what it was last year and we are continuously 
improving the process and the attrition levels have come down dramatically across the industry 
segment. There are particular segments, which is like a specialized segment where still there are 
some shortages and we are still looking out for hiring people. But it is far, far better than what it 
was in the last year, substantial improvement that we are seeing and that reflects in the attrition, 
that reflects in the headcount and all this area. So, we continue to invest in people and add people 
and these campus hires also, which are continuous process for us now. Last year, we have 
honoured the complete campus additions what we promised, we have completely taken them 
onboard. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay. Sir, I have 1 follow-up question on domestic business side. The margin profile of this 
business is relatively low compared to the international. So, what levers are there? And also, 
from 3 years' perspective, what's planned there for the domestic business? 
Sujit Mohanty: 
This is Sujit this side. As you said rightly that obviously the margins are not comparable to 
international business, that's true. That is the characteristics of the business and that is known. 
As far as the levers are concerned, see, there are 2, 3 things what we do to maintain or increase 
our margin. One is obviously to make sure that we get involved in the customer implementation 
process and the adoption process, which gives a little bit of advantage to us in terms of managing 
and increasing our margins or to run some of the transactions. 
And the second thing what we do is that there are various skills which comes out from the OEMs, 
that means the hyperscalers or other OEMs whose product and technology we sell to the 
customers and we make sure that all our GTMs are aligned to these new skills and the new rebate 
programs which are there and that helps us in building our margin. 
And the third thing what we do is that to enhance the competency level and to make sure that 
we are qualified and certified in the areas in which the OEMs are promoting their products. So, 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
these are the 3 things what we do to make sure that we maintain and increase our margins. And 
regarding the future view of the business, I think it's a growing market in India. And as Samir 
has already explained, we have put lot of effort to have a very large market share in terms of the 
annuity business. Currently, we are almost having 75% of our business as annuity business and 
that gives us the levers to have a much larger growth because once the base is there, we can 
focus little bit more on the new accounts and the new customer status and that is what we 
continue to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
 Couple of questions. First question is about the international business outlook. We aspire to 
reach $500 million by '26 end which maybe implies 4.5% kind of number. So, just want to get 
sense or overall thought process about M&A versus organic growth as far as in this 4.5% kind 
of number? Second question is about vertical-wise. You partly alluded about the challenges in 
high-tech in some of the accounts. So, what's your sense about that stickiness continuing or 
whether you expect it to be temporary or you think some of those things may continue or 
prolong? 
Samir Dhir: 
So, let me take both the questions. So, the first one first. Yes, we have talked about $500 million 
in about 4 years' time in October 2022, which is still our goal to get there and I think all the 
indications are we might get there slightly sooner than the 4 years that we had outlined. But 
keeping that aside from an M&A and organic perspective, our philosophy is right now to drive 
mostly organic. But if an inorganic acquisition comes through, we are not going to be shy of 
that. But our plan is at this point in time to drive this with all the acquisition that we've done to 
date and really set them out. But if there are some tuck-ins we need to do along the way, we'll 
take them on and integrate them fast with the base business and move forward. That will be the 
philosophy that we'll follow, Dipesh, on that. 
The second point about the high-tech. I think the trend we are seeing is the pipeline continues to 
be strong in high-tech. We are seeing some decisioning delays in few clients. Our sense is as far 
as we can see, we should start to see an uptick latter half of this current fiscal, mid part of Q2 to 
late part of Q2 I think the high-tech sector should come back to its original growth curve that we 
are anticipating. So, we think it's about a couple of quarters of the slowdown in decisioning 
delays at this point in time. It's hard to predict. But as far as I sit here right now, that's our current 
best estimate, Dipesh. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer from ICICI Prudential AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Dosani: 
Just 1 clarification. We have also highlighted that our total revenue on Sonata level is $900 
million. This will reach $1.5 billion in next 3 to 4 years. So, if I look at the implied growth for 
domestic business, this is only 10% to 15% growth versus the 30% growth that we are currently 
growing. So, is there something I'm missing out on for the growth profile for domestic business 
for the next 3, 4 years? 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Samir Dhir: 
Sameer, good question. I think you should continue look at these 2 businesses separate. 
Unfortunately, or fortunately, we provide consolidated numbers, but keep that consolidated 
numbers aside. The international business will get to $500 million mark in 4 years from October 
2022 or sooner and we're pretty bullish about the fact that that should happen. And we feel there 
is very low to limited risk unless the core market conditions do not change, we feel pretty 
strongly positive about getting to the point. On the domestic business, as we've always outlined 
and I think Sujit answered this question earlier as well, we should really look at the gross 
contribution in absolute numbers perspective. Our focus is to drive DC gross contribution on an 
absolute number perspective. Of course, from a consolidated perspective, they will look at the 
overall revenue. But those are the 2 broad metrics that we continue to focus and drive as such. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And secondly, I mean I think you would have answered, sorry if I missed it. Any indication 
around how should be the growth profile in the domestic business from a gross contribution 
point of view or any commentary around that? That would help. 
Sujit Mohanty: 
So, if you see for the last 2 financial years, we have maintained a very healthy growth and this 
year also year-on-year, I think we are around 23% of gross contribution growth. And going 
forward, we believe that should be maintaining this growth momentum. Have I answered your 
question? 
Sameer Dosani: 
Yes, it does. And Samir, if you can speak about the average size of these deals. We have seen 9 
large deals excluding the 1 large deal that you have quantified already. What is the average size 
of the deals? That is one. And second, if I look at the large deal $160 million deal that you have 
pointed out, is this margin diluted at the start because that's how large deals typically work? So, 
if you can comment around that line. 
Samir Dhir: 
Sameer, so let me take the second question first and come to the first part. So, the large deal 
which we announced is a really marquee client in the retail space. They are highly profitable, 
double-digit profitability and a very strong cash flow. Our margin profile on the deal itself is 
actually accretive in the 10-year period, which is better than the average margin profile at Sonata. 
Having said that, in year 1, there will be dilution because we are doing transition and investments 
are there in the deal. But beyond that in second year onwards, it will pick up and as time 
progresses will continue to increase the margin profile in the deal. So, that's on the large deal. 
From the other deal that the 8 or 9 deals that we announced in the course of the year, Sameer, I 
think these are all multimillion contracts and it's hard to put a number because they start as 
modernization programs, but they are multimillion and multiyear contracts. And they are in 
multiple millions product and where we can share numbers, we shared with you. For example, 
the $160 million we could share were very definitive under the clients end up with. But most of 
these are in that zone of couple of million a year, year 3 we see the deal turn slightly bigger, 
sometimes 3-year annual contract and 3-year deal. So, it's very hard to put a number, but it's in 
that zone of multiyear multimillion deals. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Sameer Dosani: 
And if you can comment around the growth rate or the run rate that Quant is running at? We saw 
we had the CY '22 number that you disclosed. But if you can comment around the current growth 
rates in the Quant business, how it's trending right now? 
Samir Dhir: 
It's pretty much aligned to what we outlined when we announced the acquisition 2-3 months 
back, Sameer. I think they are in that zone of low 30% growth rate and low 30%s EBITDA, I 
think that momentum will continue. There is a lot of synergy that we are driving on top of it, 
which will be on top of it that will drive collectively with them. Think of Quant on a stand-alone 
basis, which is although too hard to differentiate now because it's fully integrated at this some 
in time. But we are confident they will deliver low 30s growth on their own as it was. 
Sameer Dosani: 
And lastly, just to clarify, our wage hike is behind us, right? Q4 was a wage hike quarter and 
that's behind us. 
Samir Dhir: 
Jagan, you want to answer that, please? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Pardon, your question again? 
Sameer Dosani: 
Wage hike is already behind us, right? 
Jagannathan CN: 
No. There is 1 part of wage hike we have done in the quarter 4. There is 1 more part of wage 
hike and that is for senior management is still there. It will be roughly half of the 50%, 60% of 
the wage hike impact of what we have done in January. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Largely I mean I wanted to understand the Quant 
Systems company that we acquired. There were 2 clients, I mean 1 on the health care side and 
on the BFSI side, these 2 large clients which we are looking at. So, just wanted to understand 
what is our strategy in mining these accounts specifically and what kind of mining are we going 
to have in these 2 large accounts? That was my first question. 
The second question was on the EBITDA margins. I mean currently the international part of the 
business we are having 23%, 24% kind of EBITDA margins and we are mentioning about 
EBITDA margins looking at early 20s kind of a number when we are looking at $500 million 
kind of a business. So, just wanted to understand what kind of investments are we going to make 
for this EBITDA margins to get compromised? And how are you looking at the trade-off 
between growth and margins specifically in that context? And my third question was on the 
domestic part of the business. I mean is the domestic part of the business seasonally weak in 4Q? 
So, I just wanted to have an understanding. I mean is 4Q a seasonality for domestic part of the 
business and why is it so? So, those were the questions. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Samir Dhir: 
Maybe try and answer one by one. So, on the Quant side, there are more logos beyond the 2 or 
the 2 are very large logos. Our strategy is fairly simple. If you think of Quant, they are experts 
in enterprise data and data privacy. What we are doing is working with them to create larger 
deals, which are more end-to-end in nature to really bring Sonata capabilities whether it's in 
automation, whether it's on modernization, whether it is on front-end engineering. We're really 
taking the entire suite of Sonata capabilities into these 2 large accounts and other accounts with 
Quant as well in creating midsized and large deals both. And we're very happy with the progress 
that we have made. We put investments from Sonata side into Quant business to drive some of 
these deals as well to really integrate the go-to-market like I talked about earlier. 
So, our strategy is fairly simple. Take our capabilities into all accounts of Quant and likewise 
the enterprise data and data privacy capabilities of Quant, take them into Sonata accounts and 
really drive a full end-to-end integrated business. And like I said, we are very pleased with the 
progress that we have made in the last 6, 7 weeks. At this point in time, the go to market is fully 
integrated. On the EBITDA side, I think we have talked in the call about this earlier as well. We 
will invest 1.5% to 2% of our EBITDA in terms of our go-to-market, large deals capabilities and 
general capabilities broadening for Sonata as well. It's something that we've outlined about 6 
months back as well. And hence we believe fairly confident we can still deliver this type of 
investments low 20s EBITDA go forward as well. When you think of us, it will be a low 20s 
EBITDA company in about 3 years' time as we get to the $500 million mark, I'm talking 
international business alone in that sense, which I think is a pretty good trade-off because we're 
really investing the cash we're generating and investing back in the business to really drive 
growth and take market share aggressively. But we know we've probably seen competition 
commentary. Most of the competition is declaring slowdown in the coming years, but we 
hopefully learned about what is in front of us in the year. And that's really driven by our large 
deals’ investment, our M&A investments and another investment we made today broadened 
services. Of course, we are cautiously watching the high tech space and I alluded to this earlier. 
The next 2 quarters we are seeing some softening in few clients in high-tech. But beyond that, 
it's a pretty solid momentum that we contribute to. That's the second part of the question. 
On the third on domestic, I'll start and then Sujit can build on this. The business in itself has 
seasoned contracting and billing cycle, it generally come around in Q3 of the fiscal year and Q4 
seasonally also is a relatively different quarter compared to others. But if you really look at Q4 
Y-on-Y, we have done very well in the domestic business as well. I think Y-on-Y our business 
will be 31% plus or higher. So, if you take the seasonality factor piece here, the business 
continues to be robust and we’re feel pretty bullish about it. With that, maybe Sujit wants to add 
a few points on that. Sujit? 
Sujit Mohanty: 
Just to add what Samir said, yes, there is some kind of seasonality in the sense that especially on 
the revenue side what happened, there can be some quarters as we are seeing especially in the 
Q3, there are multiple very large contracts which are there in that particular quarter. And because 
our annuity business is so high, what happened year-on-year, the same large contracts get built 
in that particular quarter. And it also depends on our OEM with whom we were working. A lot 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
of times what happened based on their financial year-end, lot many large deals can get 
concentrated on a particular quarter. So, that is what you see specifically between Q3 and Q4 
what Samir was explaining. And in our business, we don't have too much of control in the 
revenue. So, what basically we try to make sure that we focus on the margin and return on capital 
employed because it is little bit difficult to control the size of the contract what you are getting, 
what the business what we really focus is having good contract and good margin. Hope I have 
answered your question? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, yes. That's really helpful. And best of luck for the overall journey. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on the acquisition side, are we looking to do more acquisitions 
and what is the timeline for the same? 
Samir Dhir: 
Thank you for your question. I think our strategy is to really look for properties, which help us 
clear the white spaces in the modernization engineering space and we'll continue to do so. But 
at this point in time, like I alluded earlier, we've just done the largest acquisition ever in Sonata. 
We are head down making sure that we maximize the opportunity in front of us in the Quant 
integration and go-to-market and that's really where our focus is. Having said that, if we do 
intersect a company which is of interest and helps us sell our white spaces and from a 
modernization engineering perspective or vertical point of view, we'll be happy to consider it. 
But that will be more whether it meets the need rather than we look for an acquisition proactively 
out there. We’ll continue on that same strategy. Does that answer your question? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes, that answers that question. I have a second question if I may. On the Generative AI side, 
you mentioned earlier the contract size. I was wondering if you could share what was it? 
Samir Dhir: 
We're very excited about the Generative AI space. So, I think there are 2 ways to look about it. 
First of all, we have implemented several use cases within Sonata on Generative AI ourselves 
working with some of our partners. But beyond that, we have had 2 significant wins in the 
Generative AI space. One, which is more on driving the productivity in our customer support 
area for our customers to use Generative AI to drive high level of productivity using the 
Generative AI capabilities. That's 1 contract that we have won. And the second is in the health 
care space, which is what we call a safe GPT, which is really providing the security cover using 
the Generative AI content. So, that's the second one that we won in the course of the quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhvaneet Savla from DN Trading. Please go ahead. 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
I have just 1 question. It's on our employee cost. As I heard earlier in the call that only a part of 
the increment has been processed in this results. I just wanted to know that when will the other 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 15, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
half be seen in the results, I mean which quarter and to what tune does it actually affect our 
margins or our productivity? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes, I'll take the question. The increment for the second part of the senior management will be 
in Q1 of this year and it will be roughly about half of the impact what we have given for the -- 
what increment in Q4 what it had. 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
So, I mean apart from that, there are no out of the cycle increases in the employee cost which 
we are featuring right now, right? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes, that's what I was mentioning also. The people supply side of it has improved dramatically 
compared to what it was last year. So, we are not giving out-of-cycle kind of thing at present. 
The people supply side and attrition has come down and people supply side has improved a lot 
this year compared to last year. So, there is no expectation of out-of-cycle increments for 
anybody now. 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
That's great. All the best for the coming quarters. Wonderful set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Samir Dhir for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Samir Dhir: 
Thank you, operator. And thank you all of you for joining the call and for your valuable time. 
Like I said earlier, we are very excited about the quarter that we just closed. So, some very 
exciting things happened in the quarter. We closed the largest contract, we closed the largest 
M&A and we continue to see good momentum. There are 2 strong tailwinds behind us based on 
the large deals and the M&A and then there is a small headwind of this high-tech for the couple 
of quarters will be in front of us. But overall, we continue to be very bullish about our business 
momentum both on the domestic side and the international side. And we really thank you for 
your support in the journey. Thank you. With that, you can close the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sonata Software Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
