QJ 
.Ei!:.!l:a. • • 
EPC 
REA L ESTA TE 
MAN INFRACONSTRUCTION LIMITED 
02nd August, 2023 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MANINFRA 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533169 
Sub.: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) - Transcript 
of Ql FY24 Earnings Conference call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated 19th July 2023, intimating about the Ql FY24 Earnings 
Conference call for Analysts and Investors. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), the transcript of the Ql FY24 
Earnings Conference call held on Thursday, 27th July, 2023 is enclosed. 
The aforesaid information is also being uploaded on the Company's website at 
https ://www. man infra .com/analyst-corner/. 
Kindly take same on your records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
Durgesh Dingankar 
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: F7007 
Encl: As above 
L 
I 
v 
E 
B 
E 
T 
T 
E 
R 
12'" Floor, Krushal Commercial Complex, G.M. Road, Chem bur (West), Mumbai - 400 089, India ~~ 
D +91 22 4246 3999 I DI office@lrnaninfra.com I LI www.mi~lgroup .corn 
~~ 
( CIN: L70200MH2002PLC136849) 
WWW.man infra. com °" 
~ 
Durgesh 
Suhas 
Dingankar
Digitally signed by Durgesh Suhas 
Dingankar 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=8c7b193392f7a480ae20a67e5f4a
dd4698e12763a58a5bc1f13f05f3ca32c04
3, postalCode=400606, street=1003, B 
Wing Varuna Bldg, Dosti Vihar,Vartak 
Nagar,Panchpakhadi Thane 
West,Thane,Jekegram,Thane,Thane, 
pseudonym=17975c89559739765666e56
a80e7af25, title=9108, 
serialNumber=c14870eb41544078e6d79
d2077b30fc53c9ea8283ca9588779b6751
3eb334af7, o=Personal, cn=Durgesh 
Suhas Dingankar 
Date: 2023.08.02 15:46:26 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
“Man lnfraconstruction Limited Q1-FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAG SHAH – CHAIRMAN EMERITUS 
MR. MANAN SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ASHOK MEHTA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. YASHESH PAREKH – AGM (INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
CORPORATE FINANCE) 
 
 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Man lnfraconstruction Limited Q1-FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashesh Parekh – AGM (Investor Relations and Corporate 
Finance) from Man lnfraconstruction Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good evening, everyone. Warm welcome to everyone attending the Q1 
FY24 Earnings Call of Man lnfraconstruction Limited. 
We have. Parag Shah – the Chairman Emeritus of the Company, we have Mr. Manan Shah – the 
Managing Director of the Company, and we have Mr. Ashok Mehta – The Group CFO of the 
Company. 
Now I would request Mr. Manan Shah – the Managing Director of the MICL Group, to take you 
through the “Business and Performance” of the Company. Thank you and over to you Manan. 
Manan Shah: 
Good afternoon to all our listeners. I, Manan Shah – the Managing Director of Man 
lnfraconstruction Limited. Welcome you all to this Earning Call. 
Allow me to express my heartfelt appreciation to all the esteemed shareholders of the Company 
for their steadfast confidence and unwavering backing. Before I proceed with my evaluation of 
the Company's performance, I wish to extend sincere gratitude for their enduring trust and 
support. 
In the 1st quarter of the financial year 2023-2024, we have declared a second interim dividend 
of Rs. 0.36 per equity share on 37.13 crore of outstanding shares having a face value of Rs. 2 
each for the financial year 2023-2024. In all, we have declared a total dividend of Rs. 0.72 per 
equity share. 
Let me present a concise overview of Man lnfraconstruction Limited, India's premier integrated 
EPC player with almost 6 decades of experience in the construction industry and a decade in 
Real Estate development. 
MICL Group has successfully completed approximately 7 ports across India, encompassing over 
250 hectares of infrastructure works in the EPC segment. Additionally, the Company has 
accomplished 13 real estate projects, all completed ahead of schedule, thus, underscoring its 
commitment to stringent timelines and elevating industry standards with some projects delivered 
at least a year ahead of the scheduled date. 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
3 
 
The EPC division of the Company engaged in contracting for ports, infrastructure, government 
projects and owned residential ventures generates EPC margin or PMC income with a distinct 
emphasis on enhancing the bottom line. 
Within real estate, the Company adheres to an asset-light strategy where it is involved in joint 
Development Agreement (JDA) example ‘Aaradhya High Park’, which is at Mira Road or a Joint 
Venture, which is our ‘Atmosphere’ Project at Mulund, ‘Insignia’ project at Vile Parle or 
Development & Marketing model which is at Tardeo, the project named ‘Aaradhya Avaan’. 
The business philosophy of MICL Group’s management has allowed the Company to establish 
itself as one of the foremost names in the construction and real estate industry within a short 
span of time. We express optimism that the forthcoming launch of projects in the near future, 
along with the acquisition of projects currently undergoing due diligence shall herald the 
commencement of a new chapter of the growth for MICL Group. 
In the last few months, we have seen a healthy business development in both the segments. On 
the EPC front, the Company bagged another large size port order worth Rs. 680 crores from 
BMCT, of PSA group for pavement works on the reclaimed earth for the execution of Phase-2 
infrastructure works at the 4th container terminal of JNPT. We are grateful to have both the 
responsibilities of the land reclamation and infrastructure development for the pavement work 
on the reclaimed earth. We are committed to deliver this new BMCT infrastructure project within 
a time frame of 2.5 years from the date of receipt. With this new order, we have strengthened the 
EPC order book, which now stands at approximately over Rs. 1,265 crores. Going forward, this 
will probably have a higher revenue visibility. 
On the real estate front, we proudly announced the latest addition to our real estate portfolio of 
an ultra-luxurious residential project in Ghatkopar East, Mumbai having a salable carpet area of 
around 4 lakh square feet and construction area of around 13 lakh square feet. This upcoming 
venture marks a pioneering milestone for MICL Group as it embarks on the development of a 
10,000 plus square meter gated community, a first of its kind in Ghatkopar East. The successful 
acquisition of development rights from 10 societies for this project stands as a momentous 
achievement, accomplished through a landmark cluster redevelopment scheme. I extend my 
sincere congratulations to all the dedicated team members whose unwavering efforts facilitated 
the seamless execution of this acquisition. Anticipate to unfold over the course of the next 4 
years, the project holds substantial revenue potential estimated at around Rs. 1,200 crores. 
As we look ahead, we are filled with great anticipation for the forthcoming launch of our esteem 
project ‘Aaradhya Avaan’, located in the Tardeo area of South Mumbai. Construction is already 
underway and we envision this development to emerge as a towering architectural masterpiece 
setting new standards in the global skyline. We are committed in our conviction to achieve this 
vision with an unparalleled timeline, in line with the exceptional success of our previous 
ventures.  

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
4 
 
Currently, the real estate portfolio of MICL Group is estimated to be around 4.6 million square 
feet, which comprise of around 2 million square feet of ongoing projects and 2.6 million square 
feet of upcoming projects. 
Among the upcoming projects we have added approximately 1 million square feet of carpet area 
in ultra-luxurious segment in the premium pockets of MMR region that is Ghatkopar East and 
Tardeo. We have already started getting inquiries for the bookings in these projects and we are 
hopeful to achieve a healthy response during the launch period. We are excited to launch these 
projects in the current financial year during the festive time. 
Now I would like to provide you a quick update on our ongoing projects: 
Out of our 19.68 lakh square feet of carpet area in the projects we have sold nearly 14 lakh 
square feet, which turns out to be approximately 70% sold off from the total inventory. Among 
our completed projects which we have received OC, we only have negligible inventory unsold. 
Shedding light on the construction status of our ongoing projects: 
The Ghatkopar project ‘Aaradhya One Earth’, the Dahisar project ‘Aaradhya Highpark’, E & F 
towers and the Mulund project ‘Atmosphere O2’ towers D and E, we have completed the RCC 
work and finishing work is in progress. We expect to deliver these projects during the current 
financial year.  
During the quarter, we sold around 60,000 square feet of carpet area with the booking value of 
Rs. 143 crores, mainly driven by bookings from ‘Aaradhya Parkwood’ which is the Dahisar 
project and Mulund project as well. As most of our ongoing projects are nearing completion, as 
mentioned above, we have achieved a healthy collection of Rs. 276 crore during the quarter.  
We believe that the Mumbai’s real estate market, which is witnessing a healthy demand is poised 
for notable growth in the coming years buoyed by the favorable policies on redevelopment, 
positive macroeconomic climate and the advent of noteworthy urban infrastructure projects. 
These advancements offer promising prospects for developers and investors alike, instilling 
optimism for the future years.  
Furthermore, on the global stage, our subsidiary ‘MICL Global’ in collaboration with ‘Marriott 
International’ has introduced ‘Edition Residences’, making Marriott's inaugural branded project 
in Fort Lauderdale. The project has received a positive response from customers, igniting our 
enthusiasm for the potential of our other ventures in the US portfolio, including ‘Urbin’ at Miami 
Beach, ‘Ponce’ at Coral Gables, which are at the initial stage of approvals. Till date we have 
transferred around USD 29 million but we have US$15 million as liquidity also over there. So, 
we have invested $14.5 million till now and $15 million we have a bank balance over there for 
the projects which we have already undertaken and balance for the future projects. 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
5 
 
In the last five years, the Company has accomplished a strong financial track record with nearly 
50% CAGR in revenue from operations with the corresponding 43% CAGR and 58% CAGR in 
EBITDA and Net Profit respectively. This was mainly driven by timely execution of our EPC 
orders and recognition of revenues from ongoing real estate projects and those delivered in the 
past. As the Company follows percentage completion for accounting, the performance may 
fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Hence I urge everyone to look the Company from an annual 
perspective. 
Now let me run-through the highlights of the consolidated financials for the Quarter 1 of 
Financial Year 2024 of the Company, post which we will have a question-and-answer round: 
Quarter 1 of financial year 2024 has been the ninth quarter of consecutive year-on-year growth 
in the revenue from operations. The quarter witnessed strong growth in revenue from operations 
of 45% year-on-year to Rs. 510 crore compared to Rs. 352 crore in the previous year. The total 
income of the Company also grew by 45% year-on-year to Rs. 524 crore compared to Rs. 360 
crore in the previous year. The EBITDA also grew by 63% to Rs. 109 crore compared to Rs. 67 
crores in the previous. After paying of Rs. 313 crore of secured debt during the Financial Year 
of 2023, the financial cost during the quarter have significantly come down by 36% to Rs. 9 
crore from Rs. 15 crores in the Quarter 1 of Financial Year 2023. 
Net profit also jumped by 112% to Rs. 82 crore compared to Rs. 39 crore in the previous year. 
The Company has consistently focused to reduce debt and improve liquidity, which has helped 
in maintaining balance sheet strength. Secured debt stands at Rs. 136 crore as on June 2023. 
The Company continued to be net cash positive and has liquidity of over Rs. 530 plus crore as 
on June 2023. 
Moving forward, our steadfast commitment lies in pursuing projects that augment our top-line 
growth, while diligently striving to enhance profitability and uphold the robustness of our 
balance sheet. Our project pipeline remains robust and we possess the financial strength to 
support new acquisitions and ventures as we move forward. 
We are now open for the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Amit Agarwal from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Amit Agarwal: 
I had a couple of questions out here. Firstly, with some of the other developers also claiming to 
build India's tallest towers, how would you say, is the demand looking at? And also, how would 
you expect your business development momentum during the course of this project? 
Manan Shah: 
Good afternoon, we are not claiming exactly to be the tallest in the country. It's definitely a super 
high-rise tower that we are coming up with, which is going to have a height of more than 300 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
6 
 
meters. But the momentum is definitely looking strong. The inquiries that are coming in through 
the broker network which has been currently talking to us regarding this particular project is 
very strong and this tower has created his own impression in the market of South Mumbai, which 
is looking very fruitful for us in the near future. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Secondly, could you also help me with all the real estate projects which have contributed to the 
collections of about Rs. 276 crores during the quarter and for also what would be the timeline of 
execution for the current EPC order book? 
Manan Shah: 
The details in the real estate projects, you can just mail it to us, we can have you the details sent 
over regarding the contribution from all the projects and talking about the EPC pipeline, we've 
got a significant pipeline going on and upcoming of our own projects where we see a secured 
pipeline of nearly next five years, which consists of our own projects as well and port projects 
as well. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Last question if I may. There's a bit of a jump in cash so what has led to that. I am coming back 
to real estate; what kind of projects are we looking at going forward? Would they be in luxury 
ultra-luxury or affordable or premium segment, which segments would they be in? Thank you. 
Manan Shah: 
We would like to focus honestly on a holistic approach where we would not want to stick to a 
particular segment or a genre. We would focus on mass housing also premium to ultra-premium 
Segment as well. And the jump that you're mainly seeing is basically the collections that have 
been coming in from the past performance that we have given and the inventory that's been sold. 
It's now getting realized and the projects are almost on the verge to get completed. So, that's 
where you will see a significant cash flow coming in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Neha from NVS Brokerage. Please go ahead. 
Neha: 
I would like to ask that we do have ground project in our hands. So, do we have any bid for 
water projects as well? 
Manan Shah: 
Currently no. We have focused on the mainly onshore projects only. 
Neha: 
I would like to ask do you consider taking up any redevelopment projects in future because a lot 
of builders become very reluctant to take up and instead they prefer new projects. 
Manan Shah: 
So, as you see our prima facie forte has been redevelopment and we've been continuously taking 
redevelopment projects. The recent project that we acquired is also a redevelopment project in 
Ghatkopar East which is 10 societies getting clustered into one. So, yes, we would definitely be 
keen and taking more redevelopment projects in the future 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Darshil Zaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
7 
 
Darshil Zaveri: 
I would just like to know what kind of revenue growth to we envisaged for this year and maybe 
a long-term growth in the next 2-3 years with our new projects coming in and our margins 
currently have jumped up a bit so would this be margin be sustainable or could we see further 
growth in this? 
Manan Shah: 
So, basically, as you're seeing the focus would be there prima facie on both the sectors. We are 
strongly pursuing to bid good infrastructure EPC orders as well as at the same time focusing on 
taking some good projects in Mumbai in real estate division. The margins that you're seeing, 
yes, is definitely sustainable because the kind of projects that we've taken now stands at a very 
premium location in the city of Mumbai and will definitely contribute to a good margin. And 
that's how we see the upcoming quarters also looks alike. 
Darshil Zaveri: 
In terms of revenue growth could we have a ballpark figure of how much we could probably 
grow in this year. 
Manan Shah: 
See, we are very confident on what numbers that we have clocked in the last financial year where 
we would definitely be sustaining that and we are seeing a much better revenue growth overall 
in the top line and bottom line as well for the upcoming financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Manish Otswal from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Manish Otswal: 
My question is we have added two projects during the year, so can you guide us in terms of what 
value of a business addition will happen in the rest of the financial year in terms of value of 
projects or square feet, if you can guide us, that's the first thing. And the second thing is Sir, our 
investment in Florida, Miami, where we have invested money. So, can you talk about the cash 
flow visibility in that business in ‘24-25 that will be quite helpful to us. 
Parag Shah: 
Good evening. This is Parag Shah. As far as the Miami business is concerned, Manan has already 
mentioned that we have around $30 million, which we had been invested in US out of that $15 
million is already invested and we have a $15 million liquidity. But the same amount of money 
we will require for the projects which we've already acquired. And we are open to investing 
maybe up to more than $10-15 million if require in the near future. As far as the India is 
concerned, I will just give you the overall broad picture so everyone will understand. Port sector 
as Manan had mentioned, that we are doing a port project at Nhava Sheva right now for Port of 
Singapore Authority. The first contract was around Rs. 1,250 crore and some odd figure was 
there and we got the subsequent second order of Rs. 680 crore. Out of that, the 1st Phase of 
around Rs. 900 crore work has been completed. There also we are much ahead of the schedule. 
The second phase, mobilizing has already started and the work will start by 1st of September. So, 
as far as the port sector is there, around Rs. 1,000 crore plus order books still we have and the 
completion period is around 2.5 to 3 years. In real estate projects, Dahisar we have a total project 
is approximate 40 lakh square feet carpet where the construction area is approximate 57 lakh 
square feet. Out of that around 6 lakh has already been delivered we had taken the OC and the 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
8 
 
people are living there. Another around 2 lakh to 3 lakh square feet which we are expecting to 
complete by October end and that also possession we are giving and the 2nd Phase work has 
already been started which is approximately 14 lakh square feet  that the Building #1, 2, 3, and 
4. Out of that we had launched 2 buildings. Some 550 flats out of that almost 350 flats has 
already been sold, and in the 2nd Phase the another two buildings we will launch that is also 
having approximately 550 flats. We are working at the Juhu that's a MAHDA Redevelopment 
project is there. Estimated completion date is December 2024. We have completed the basement 
and we have completed 2 slabs also and we are expecting to complete RCC by the coming March 
and another six months for the finishing time. In Vile Parle, we just handed over one project and 
the people have started moving there, people are staying there. Bang opposite to that we are 
doing another project which we are expecting to start by October latest by November which is 
having approximate 4.4 lakh square feet carpet area is there and the total construction area is 
approximate 15 lakh to 16 lakh square feet. As far as Ghatkopar, our first project is concerned 
with 50% occupation we have received and we are delivered also. Balance Project RCC is 
finished, brickwork plaster is finished. We are doing the tiling work, plumbing, electrical work 
and the services work, which should be getting over by October or November and we are 
expecting to complete the project in all respect by December. Before that, we are expecting to 
start another Ghatkopar project which Manan has mentioned the 10 buildings society is there. 
Which we're estimating to start the work by October we are in the process of getting the 
permissions. Part permissions has come and the balance permission is in a queue. Tardeo project, 
the estimated height of tower is 312 meter. We got almost all the permissions. Some part 
permissions are still left with the Mantraylaya and I believe that it should come in the next 10 to 
15 days’ of time, there also the work has been started. And Mulund project is there where three 
buildings we have already delivered, which was Phase-1. In Phase-2 another two buildings are 
almost ready. We are expecting OC in next one month time. And the 3rd and 4th building each in 
another two years will take. There is one commercial building also which was around 22-23 
story building, which is also getting over along with these two buildings. So, by this October we 
are completing another three building and then the two buildings will be left. 
Manish Otswal: 
One more question on the Tardeo project. I read one news article where it was mentioned that 
the Tardeo project we have a FSI of 10-11 so can you clarify and regulatory risk we find on our 
Tardeo project? 
Parag Shah: 
No, if you are not aware because I understand you are not from this industry. In Mumbai we get 
the FSI up to 20 also, it's not 10 and 11. It all depends on which scheme you are there, what is 
the size of the plot. We are working on that project in the scheme 33(9). The 33(9) scheme is a 
cluster development scheme and I'm happy to announce that the 1st project in the Western Suburb 
which was been approved under the 33(9) belong to us which we were doing at the Vile Parle. 
The second project approved in 33(9) in the cluster development in the city of Mumbai that also 
belongs to us, which is The Tardeo project. And we recently got permission last week on the 
Central Suburb, which is this Ghatkopar project under 33(9). So, till now in Mumbai, the three 
projects has been approved under 33(9). And coincidentally, all three projects belongs to us. 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
9 
 
Manish Otswal: 
And lastly, Sir, you talked about the our investment in Florida and Miami, but my question 
pertains to what is the cash flow generation we foresee from that investment basically? 
Parag Shah: 
It is a US accounting system, there is a project completion method. So, once you complete the 
project you have to show it in your balance sheet because we have to follow the norms over 
there. So, we expect around year 2026-27 we will be able to complete all the three projects  
which is having a top line between the two projects for which I'm not 100% sure, but it is around 
USD 500 million plus where we are 25% partner. 
Manish Otswal: 
How much percentage partner, Sir? 
Parag Shah: 
Our participation will be 25%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Hardik Gori from Alpha Plus. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Gori: 
Currently, I believe most of your projects are under JV and DM model and there is no land 
acquisition involved. So, going forward, would you be looking at more JV or more on DM 
models? 
Parag Shah: 
Yes, we are always keen on a DM model or a JV model. It's not a question of only investment, 
but when we enter into the DM model or a Joint Venture agreement with someone at that time 
normally some of the approvals has come up like the most of the 50%, 60% work has been 
completed. So, normally the developer acquire the land and when the construction starts it takes 
2 to 2.5 years in a normal course whereas in this model you can start the work in next six to 
seven months’ time. That's the primary reason. The secondary reason that the redevelopment of 
the building in a DM model or a JV model, your investment is reduced and your risk factor is 
also reduced. And till now, whatever the projects which are there in pipeline or whatever we are 
executing, the financial closure of all the projects has been done. In our books there are certain 
loans which you will be able to see, out of that it is actually not 100% loan. Out of that 50% 
amount is a contribution of the partners because in real estate Company, we always run a 
subsidiary companies and in subsidiary companies, partner’s contribution also comes in our 
balance sheet as a loan. So, actually we are having approximately Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 90 crore 
or not more than Rs. 100 crore loan as on today from all the bank’s loan and we are also sitting 
on liquidity of approximately Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 crores. So, we are open to acquire the 
land also, it's not like that we don't want to acquire the land, but we are not in a hurry to acquire 
our land because with this 25% investment we have been able to make same amount of money. 
So, we have adopted that model. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Nakshatra Rathi from Niveshaay Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
Sir, my questions pertain to DM modeling and the risk that we face in Mumbai’s real estate 
market because from my analysis what I gathered is there is a lot of supply so oversupply is an 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
10 
 
issue. Do you see that as you said or what are other threats do you see? And the second question 
would be on DM model, I wanted to get a little bit of clarity on the Tardeo project side where 
you are loaning about Rs. 1000 crores to Rs. 1200 crores, right, so how in what timeline do you 
see that loan? 
Parag Shah: 
I could understand partly because your voice was not very much audible. But what I understood 
you was asking about the DM model, So, what is the DM model or what is the risk factor of DM 
model that I could not understand your question. The risk is always there when you are doing a 
any business, whether you are a landowner or whether you are doing a JV model, whether you 
are in a DM model or whether you're trading in a stock. So, I do not understand that any business 
doesn't have a risk. But yes, in a DM model, your risk get mitigated because in a DM model you 
are not putting the money for the land. You are not giving any deposit to a customer. You are just 
putting your money for construction, so more or less it is like in construction finance or the 
money that has been invested for permissions or approvals or government premiums. So, when 
you are investing money, you are investing your money. It's like more or less like in the bank 
finance. Like all banks are financing construction finance happily to a bank, it is more or less 
like in same model. Yes, the properties also is mortgage with us, we run the accounts. Like we 
become the owner in place of owner on behalf of them and we share our top line. So, the benefit 
over there or a loss over there is if suppose I have estimated the Rs. 30,000 square feet of rate, 
the price escalate to Rs. 40,000 I will get my 15%, 14%, whatever DM fees on additional Rs. 
Rs. 10,000. Simultaneously, if the price will fall down from Rs. 30,000 to Rs. 20,000, then also 
my loss is limited to 14% on estimated cost. So, DM model is always much safer than if you are 
buying the land and doing the projects. Secondly, in real estate projects, always, if you have seen 
in since last many years, I've been seeing that every year some government resolution comes, 
sometimes NGT problem comes, sometimes environment problem comes, sometimes the 
Supreme Court guidelines comes, if you acquired the land and if you are in the process, there is 
a big risk. But if you are in a DM model where your investment is not there in a land, and once 
you are getting a permission then only you have to put most of the money. So, there your risk 
becomes much lesser. 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
What is your role in Tardeo project, like what are the responsibilities that you are taking over 
particularly like sales, marketing? 
Parag Shah: 
Our responsibility first is to finance the project. The money, which has been required for 
construction, the money which has been require for paying the government premium and other 
cost. Second, our responsibility is construction because we, being EPC contracting Company, 
we are doing in-house construction also so that is also a responsibility. Marketing and sales is 
our responsibility and accounts is also our responsibility. 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
I wanted to understand, do you have your own broker, broker distribution channel or how does 
that work? 
Parag Shah: 
Sales and marketing also we manage. 

 
Man lnfraconstruction Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
11 
 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
You don’t have brokers or you have sales personnel there. How does that work? 
Parag Shah: 
Brokers are of no one; brokers are of everyone that's why they are called broker. The broker 
doesn't work only for one Company. Yes, we have our own sales team. We have our own sales 
managers and the whole team is there. 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
So, what is the breakup of the sales that is come through brokers and that is come through your 
own sales team? 
Parag Shah: 
If you are asking for specific question for the Tardeo project. 
Nakshatra Rathi: 
No. In general. 
Parag Shah: 
In general, at least in Ghatkopar where our prominent access is there, most of the people knows 
me personally also where the brokerage on overall for the project may not be even 0.5%. In 
Tardeo it is a large inventory, it's around more than Rs. 4000 crore sale will be there but there 
we can't expect that everything will be sold on the relationship. But yes, we have accounted the 
cost but we don't have to bear that cost. That cost will be borne by the owner who is the land 
owner. If the brokerage will be saved, that will be his saving. If the brokerage will be more, that 
will be his loss. We have nothing to do with that. We are just the manager who are managing the 
shop for them. The DM means Development Manager, so we are a manager who developed the 
project. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Parag Shah: 
I think no more questions are there. We will wait for another minute if anyone is having any 
question or you can always send us the mail and our finance team or the sales team will reply 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now have the conference 
over to the management for your closing comments. 
Yashesh Parekh: 
Thank you. On behalf of Man Infraconstruction’s Management, I thank you everyone for 
participating on the Con-Call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Members of the management team, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India 
Advisors, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect to your lines. Thank you. 
