 
 
June 02, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on May 26, 2023 
 
Stock Code  :    BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 26, 2023, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the audited Financial Results of the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2023.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company www.hcgoncology.com. 
 
Kindly take the intimation on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
SUNU 
MANUEL 
ABEY
Digitally signed by 
SUNU MANUEL ABEY 
Date: 2023.06.02 
10:44:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. B.S. AJAIKUMAR – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ GORE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. SRINIVASA RAGHAVAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES 
LIMITED 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited Q4 
FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company, 
and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchstone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar, Executive Chairman of Healthcare 
Global Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
Thank you very much, and good morning to everyone, and a very warm welcome to all present 
on the Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call for Healthcare Global Enterprise Limited. Today, 
I'm joined by Mr. Raj Gore, our Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Srinivasa Raghavan, Chief 
Financial Officer, besides a few members of the HCG senior management team to share our 
operation and financial highlights for the quarter ended and year ended March 2023. 
HCG is a leading chain of hospitals focused on oncology care, which is patient-centric, 
technology oriented and focused on quality outcomes for its patients. Our focus is to provide the 
best-in-class cancer treatment on a pan-India basis with superior outcomes with quality of life 
for our patients. 
HCG is not only focusing on providing patient-centric outcome-based cancer care treatment but 
is equally focused on and has taken a lead role in the field of research and academia. Given the 
quality of our innovation, research and patient centricity, HCG ensures access to world-class 
cancer treatment and services for our patients. At HCG we actively participate in clinical trials, 
invest in ground-breaking research to advance the frontiers of cancer treatment. Our tumour 
board initiative is supporting platform that brings together a multidisciplinary team of oncology 
experts to discuss complex cancer cases, share insights and develop personalized treatment 
plans. 
Employing breakthrough technology, including advanced adaptive AI, therapy, robotics, and 
genomics coupled with our pay- per-use model for LINACs enable us to provide best-in-class 
treatment at cost-effective prices. Our relentless fight against cancer is founded on our 
continuous research and technological innovation towards exploring new therapeutic avenues to 
move up the value chain of clinical excellence and lasting outcome.  
HCG is first in Asia to complete 105 clinical runs for over 1,000 patients of comprehensive 
genomic profiling. The results are encouraging and with the wealth of data emerging from cancer 
genome studies and data lake created, we feel this is just the beginning of our journey in the 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
precision medicine and to win war on cancer, not only in early cases, but also in advanced cases 
to convert cancer to chronic disease. 
We are also first in India to launch self-circulating tumour cell testing where just by a blood test, 
we can detect circulating cancer cells. Self-search is the first and only system which has received 
FDA approval for precise enumeration of circulating tumour cells in the patient's blood for 
diagnostic procedure.  
Self-search helps in early detection and screening and also in detecting the response to therapy, 
informed patient care decisions, real-time treatment, and monitoring. At HCG, we always 
believe in raising the bar and staying ahead of the curve, we strive to provide the best possible 
treatment to our patients. I now hand over to Raj, Mr. Raj Gore to take you through the strategic 
initiatives and financial highlights. Over to you, Raj. 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you so much, Dr. Ajai. A very good morning to all the participants on the call. We are 
extremely happy to announce our stellar performance for FY '23. We've ended FY '23 with 
revenues of INR1,691 crores, a very robust growth of 21% with increased profitability. Our 
adjusted EBITDA for FY '23 has increased by over 31% on Y-o-Y basis and stood at INR321 
crores. Our efforts on operational efficiency, coupled with operating leverage has resulted into 
expansion of adjusted EBITDA margin by 139 basis points, which stands at 18.9% for the year 
FY '23 compared to 17.6% in the previous year, FY '22. 
We ended FY '23 on a strong note with our consolidated revenue for Q4 FY '23 standing at 
INR442 crores, year-on-year growth of 21% and our adjusted EBITDA margin standing at 
18.8%. We've been able to create a strong foothold in our mature geographies and have been 
able to make inroads into our emerging markets. In Q4 FY '23, our revenues from mature centers 
have increased by 19% year-on-year, and revenues from our emerging centers have increased 
by 32% over the same period. 
The adjusted EBITDA margin is lower by 30 bps in FY '23 Q4 compared to the previous quarter 
primarily due to upgradation or replacement of radiation machines at 3 of our locations, Ongole, 
Ranchi and Shimoga, which has resulted in reduction of margin by 40 bps. These machines are 
under installation and are expected to be operational during Q1. In addition to driving higher 
utilization of existing capacity, we continue to invest in superior clinical expertise, capacity 
creation and brand building to fuel future growth and further fortify our leadership position in 
the industry. 
To ensure our growth momentum going forward, we have increased our sales and marketing 
spend, which we think is an investment in our future in Q4 FY '23 by 0.5% of top line over the 
previous quarter and by 1.2% of top line over the same quarter previous year. Especially in our 
emerging geographies, our operating investment in engaging quality clinicians and our go-to-
market activities are showing good results. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
We are happy to report that our onetime value creation cost will end from this quarter, and there 
will be no further adjustment for the same on EBITDA going forward. These transformational 
activities done over the last 6 quarters has started adding value and have set us up very well on 
a path of profitable growth going forward. Our revenue through digital channels has grown by 
more than 3x in FY '23 over FY '22, crossing 6% of total revenue in Q4 FY '23. 
We've also recorded our highest ever annual revenue from medical value travel with a year-on-
year growth of 91% and reaching to 1.5x of pre-COVID highest level. We've been consistently 
delivering growth across our network and have grown faster than the industry over the last 8 
quarters. 
Our track record of consistent performance reflected in highest ever revenue and highest ever 
EBITDA over last 9 and 8 quarters in a row, respectively, is a testimony of meticulous planning 
and rigor in execution we have shown as a team. This unparalleled growth journey over many 
years is primarily due to HCG's pan-India network, specialized and differentiated cancer care 
model and local market leadership across locations, which we have established over past several 
years. 
To conclude, I would like to say that HCG remains to be the trusted health care partner for every 
individual battling cancer. We are honoured to have earned the trust of our patients and the 
communities we serve and are committed to upholding that trust every day. Through our 
relentless endeavour, we assure our patients the best of the treatments available across the globe 
and live up to promise of adding lives to years. With this, I hand over to our CFO, Srini, for 
financial highlights. 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Thank you, Raj, and very good morning to everyone. We have uploaded our Q4 FY '23 results, 
an updated investor presentation on the stock exchanges and company's website and I do hope 
everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. We are delighted to share that we have 
been able to grow our revenues ahead of the industry growth due to the trust and brand created 
by HCG. 
On the revenue front, our consolidated revenues for Q4 FY '23 stood at INR442 crores as 
compared to INR365 crores in Q4 FY '22, a growth of 21%. Our revenues for FY '23 stood at 
INR1,694 crores again registering a growth of 21% year-over-year. Revenue split between HCG 
and Milann stood at 97% and 3%, respectively, for Q4 FY '23. Revenue growth for HCG stood 
at 22% year-over-year, whereas Milann witnessed flat revenues. 
As mentioned in Slide 9, revenue from the mature centers stood at INR317 crores, a growth of 
19% on a Y-o-Y basis for Q4 FY '23. Revenue from emerging centers stood at INR109 crores, 
a growth of 32% on year-on-year for Q4 FY '23. We are delighted to state that our emerging 
centers are inching towards maturity and are seeing good traction across geographies. 
Moving to Slide 10. There are the key operational KPIs for our company. New registrations 
formed 21% of our revenues. Number of new registrations grew by 18% at 80,000 in FY '23 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
versus 68,000 in FY '22. 37% of revenues came from chemo sessions and volume-wise, the 
figure stood at 133,000 in FY '23 versus 104,000 in FY '22, registering a growth of 28%. 
Radiation formed 18% of our revenues and capacity utilization stood at 66% for FY '23 versus 
59% for FY '22. 
Total radiation patients treated stands at 5,100 in Q4 FY '23 as compared to 4,700 in Q4 FY '22, 
a growth of 9%. And 21,000 in FY '23 as compared to 18,000 in FY '22, a growth of 17% year-
over-year. Inpatient bed occupancy stood at 60% for FY '23 compared to 53% for FY '22. 
I now request your attention to Slide 11. There, we have disclosed our operational parameters 
across our mature networks and emerging centers for Q4 FY '23. Our company wide AOR stood 
at 65.1% and AOR for mature versus emerging centers stood at 64.8% and 65.7%, respectively. 
Our ARPOB on company level stood at INR39,800, and our ARPOB from mature centers stood 
at INR41,400 and for emerging centers stood at INR36,000. 
Coming to the next slide, for full year, our AOR stood at 65.4% and for mature centers it stood 
at 64.3% and for emerging centers, it stood at 68.5%. On ARPOB, we did ARPOB of INR38,000 
for mature centers and ARPOB of INR40,500 and for emerging centers, the ARPOB stood at 
INR32,200. 
Across geographies, we have given our revenue breakup in Slide 13. Kolkata grew by 142%. 
Revenues from Rajkot grew by 58% and Ranchi grew by 51%. Bangalore centers of excellence 
grew by 24% year-over-year for Q4 FY '23. For our Milann business, revenues for FY '23 
witnessed a growth of 6.8%, and new registrations increased by 13.6%. 
On the EBITDA front, adjusted EBITDA for Q4 FY '23, that is after adjusting the onetime value 
creation cost and adjustment of ESOP expenses stood at INR83.1 crores as compared to INR67.6 
crores in Q4 FY '22, a growth of 23%. Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 18.8% as compared 
to 18.5% in Q4 FY '22, a growth of 26 bps. 
Adjusted EBITDA for FY '23 stood at INR321 crores, a growth of 31% year-over-year, with 
margins at 18.9%, a growth in margins of 138 bps. We have also given bifurcation of our 
EBITDA across mature and emerging centers, and I would request the participants to use Slide 
9 for further details. Our consolidated reported EBITDA stood at INR76.3 crores for Q4 FY '23 
as compared to INR63.2 crores in Q4 FY '22, a growth of 21%. 
Reported EBITDA for FY '23 stood at INR299 crores, a growth of 26% year-over-year. On PAT, 
PAT for this quarter stood at INR8.3 crores as compared to a profit of INR5.9 crores in Q4 FY 
'22. Full year '23 PAT stood at INR29.3 crores as compared to PAT loss of INR3 crores in FY 
'22 adjusted for onetime exceptional gains or losses in FY '22. 
Our PAT pre-IndAS adjustments for Q4 FY '23 stood at INR11.2 crores as compared to INR9.4 
crores in Q4 FY '22. PAT for FY '23 pre-IndAS adjusted stood at INR42 crores as compared to 
a profit of INR11 crores in FY '22. ROCE for mature network stood at 22.9% annualized for Q4 
FY '23 as compared to 18.7% in Q4 FY '22, an improvement of 420 bps. ROCE before corporate 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
allocations for mature centers stood at 25.2%. ROCE for emerging centers stood at negative 
3.6% for Q4 FY '23 as compared to negative 8.3% in Q4 FY '22. This is again an improvement 
of 470 bps. ROCE before corporate allocations for emerging centers stood at negative 2.4% 
Our net debt position, excluding capital leases as on March 31, 2023, stood at INR198 crores as 
compared to INR190 crores on December 31, '22. Our expansion of existing facilities in 
Ahmedabad Phase 2 and Whitefield extension of Bangalore COE is on track. Total planned 
capex for Ahmedabad is INR85 crores, expected date of operations being Q1 FY '25 and for 
Bangalore COE is INR25 crores expected date of operations being Q3 FY '25. With this, I would 
like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from Dhara Patwa with SMIFS Limited. 
Dhara Patwa Shah: 
 Sir, I have a few questions. Still we are seeing increased significant growth in Africa and East 
India. So what are the reasons for this? And will the traction continue going forward for these 2 
regions. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. Thank you, thank you for that question. In East India, our newest or youngest emerging 
center, Kolkata, had shown 142% year-on-year growth in Q4, and we are really happy how it's 
progressing in the right direction. In addition, our mature centers, Ranchi, and Cuttack. Ranchi 
is showing 51% year-on-year growth last quarter. Cuttack, which is a very mature center, large 
center, it is showing 32% year-on-year. So both emerging, mature centers are showing high 
double-digit growth, which is contributing is to show such a good growth. 
In Ranchi, now as I discussed earlier, we are also putting -- upgrading the LINAC machines with 
higher capabilities will further help us to do more high-end, higher realization radiation 
treatment. Africa, we have commissioned a new linear accelerator which is first of its kind in 
East Africa. And I think as a result, we are seeing good growth momentum in our Nairobi Center, 
and of course, I mean, all this is sustainable, you will continue to see it going forward. 
Dhara Patwa Shah: 
Okay sir, understood. Sir, in North India, which are the locations that we are covering like which 
are the hospitals there we are covering? 
Raj Gore: 
It's only Jaipur. 
Dhara Patwa Shah: 
Okay, only Jaipur? 
Raj Gore: 
Which is our emerging center, yes. 
Dhara Patwa Shah: 
Sir, in earlier con call, you highlighted that now once we reach an optimum occupancy level in 
the emerging markets, we will see improved ARPOB growth, sir I guess our emerging markets 
are already at a good occupancy level of 68%. So should we expect an ARPOB increase from 
here on? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Raj Gore: 
Yes, absolutely. So look, emerging centers, we are at 68.5%. But again, we have not 
operationalized all our beds in emerging centers. So as we keep reaching higher capacity 
utilization on beds, we'll keep operationalizing more and more beds, but yes, directionally, that's 
what we had -- that's the guidance we had given. If you look at our annual ARPOB for emerging 
centers, it looks like it's decreased over last year. But look at how we've ended the year. If you 
look at Q4, we have gone back at 36,000 level. It's the -- it's what we said that as the occupancy 
keeps going up, we'll start optimizing our payer mix and our procedure mix, business mix, and 
therefore, the ARPOB will continue to grow going forward. 
Dhara Patwa Shah: 
Yes, sir, that's helpful. One last question on Slide #10, where you have highlighted the capacity 
utilization for LINAC. So just wanted to see what is the peak utilization for LINAC in any 
hospital -- cancer hospital. So we are at already 65% -- yes. 
Raj Gore: 
So -- on -- doctor you can go ahead. 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
No, on the linear accelerator, capacity utilization, depending on the type of fractions we give, 
we can go up to 120 to 130 patients, but nowadays, with the different modalities of treatment 
like hypofractionation and all, we can even treat up to 140 new patients per month on the linear 
accelerator. It again depends on the type of linear accelerator and the technology we use. 
Some of the linear accelerator that we use complicated technology like IMRT, IGRT, so we may 
take a little bit more time, so the number of patients may be less. So it's always depends on the 
mix of 3D CRT, but now the world is -- we are moving towards more high-end like IMRT, 
IGRT, so with that and the hypofractionation, we are very comfortable with the high-end linear 
accelerators we have, treating up to 120 patients on the machine per day. 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you, Dr. Ajai. Just to add to that. From a capacity utilization perspective, we can go to 
90%, 95% easily including downtime, holidays, lesser load on weekends, etcetera. So 90%, 95%, 
we've consistently done in our mature centers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Randeria with Nuvama. 
Kunal Randeria: 
So sir, my first question is actually related to Slide 9. So when I see this slide, it seems the 
company has 2 different growth trajectories. Your mature centers are actually doing fairly well, 
growing at a very steady, consistent pace at both revenue as well as the -- your EBITDA 
trajectory. But the emerging centers, the EBITDA trajectory seems to be all over the place. Sir, 
just want to understand what is the growth for these emerging centers, see because your 
occupancy, your ARPOBs in Q4 are not too far away from the mature ones. So I'm just 
wondering where the profitability in some of these emerging centers will come from? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So thank you, Kunal, for that question. See, the -- with any new hospitals, the way you do 
it is you may have 100% build capacity, but you don't operationalize total capacity, right? So 
you will open up part capacity. You will staff, you will add clinical talent, you will get to an 
optimum utilization on that operational capacity then you will again release additional build 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
capacity to operationalize it. Then you'll have to again add clinicians, again, start your go-to-
market, so that's the nature. 
So it's a step-by-step growth. What we have done is our -- as we kept hiring clinicians and that's 
an upfront cost. So the cost comes first and then the revenue growth comes later. That's one 
factor. Second, our investment in brand and our go-to-market comes first and then the growth 
comes. So because of the nature of this stepwise upfront investments and then the subsequent 
lagging revenue growth, this trending looks a little different from hospital to hospital in that 
bucket. And that's the result you see on the slide. 
: Ashutosh Kumar:  
Just to add one point there so on the capacity front or the utilization front, 65.7% occupancy is 
on our operational beds, and we have given a note in our presentation that only 75% of our 
capacity beds are operational right now. So on capacity beds, our utilization is only 50%. So we 
still have a lot of headroom there. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Right. Okay. So -- and -- but then on your -- at least on your capacity beds, you are at optimum 
level, right, at around 65%. So I mean, my question is more -- I'm not too worried about the 
revenue side of things, but more in terms of the profit because see as you operationalize some 
of the other beds also, there will be some increase in cost, right, from clinician costs, some 
staffing costs, utilities, so on and so forth. So it just seems that you are now stuck in the 7% to 
10% kind of margin bracket for the moment. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
See there are some costs, which probably would not be increasing commensurate with the 
increase in operational beds. for example, as Raj mentioned, that  in our emerging centers at 
Mumbai and Kolkata, the focus has been to invest on clinical expertise and sales and marketing 
upfront. Now these costs 1 -- first cost is in our clinician. The clinician cost, I don't think would 
go up in the same proportion as incremental beds become operational, and you will start seeing 
operating leverage on that. 
Second is sales and marketing, which is like since the company has been performing really well, 
we have been investing on sales and marketing costs disproportionately higher in our emerging 
centers to fuel future growth. And within the emerging centers, our primary focus is in Mumbai 
and Kolkata regions  
Kunal Randeria: 
All right. Okay. Got it. Sure. Okay. Now my second question is I would like to understand a bit 
more about your capex. Now the way I look at it is, it can be divided in 3 buckets. One would 
be your normal maintenance capex on all the centers that you have now. Second would be like 
you're adding new tech to the existing centers, something like the Self-search that you 
mentioned. And third would be what you would spend on expansion. So if I were to take a 
slightly longer-term view, right, so let's say, between FY '25 to FY '27 or something like that, 
could you highlight your plans that how would you be allocating the resources across these 3 
buckets that I spoke? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
See I mean the current year capex is about INR135 crores, our maintenance capex is in the range 
of INR55 crores to INR60 crores. We have also spent incremental capex in the current year FY 
'23 towards technology upgrade. So we have got the high-end radiation equipment, which is 
adaptive therapy ethos in our center of excellence in Bangalore. Then we have invested in solar 
power plant in Karnataka which would help us in reducing our operating costs.  
Having said that, the company has laid out 2 greenfield projects, which the company is right 
now executing. One is in Ahmedabad Phase 2. And second is in Bangalore at Whitefield. We 
have also provided the capital outlay towards these 2 projects in our presentation 
For Ahmedabad project, we have capex of INR85 crores, whereas in Bangalore the capex is 
INR25 crores.  
Kunal Randeria: 
Got it. And maybe just to simplify it a bit more from me, let's say, if we were to spend INR100 
crores in a year on capex, how much would be maintenance? How much would be made from 
the new technologies that you're investing in your existing centers? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
So I mean while we have not given guidance per se on the growth capex. However, our 
maintenance capacity remains in the range of INR55 crores to INR60 crores. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Okay. 
 Dr. B S Ajaikumar 
And all over you may want to add here that capex nowadays with high-end capex equipment, 
we are doing pay-per-use models. So because of that, our actual capex requirement has 
drastically come down. And going forward, we see this as the new way of even replacement 
capex, which we have done for high-end linear accelerator. Right now, we have done very 
successfully for high-end linear accelerators. In future, we may also do for other equipment’s. 
So right now -- but based on what Ashutosh said, our replacement capex will be the most 
requirement. And even that if it comes under pay-per-use, our requirement becomes less and 
less as we go forward. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sure, sir. That's very interesting because then would it be fair to assume that if capex will be 
lower in the outer years and maybe at the cost of compromising on some margins somewhere 
because pay-per-use I'm sure that will go to the previous quarter. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes, it could be. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji with Bajaj Finserv. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So first question is a clarification on the margin front. So if I look at your mature center revenue 
trajectory and the absolute EBITDA trajectory, the revenues have gone up sequentially, and it 
has been a phenomenon for the last probably 8, 9 quarters, that is very commendable. But from 
Q3 to Q4, the absolute EBITDA has dropped. And I think you have mentioned this because of 
some upgradation of LINACs, I missed the point, but this is structural because we are going for 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
a pay-per-use model, and hence, the rental will kick in, in the P&L and margins will look lower. 
Any color on that? 
Raj Gore: 
No, it's not structural. As I said earlier, we have certain radiation machines in our mature centers, 
which are going through replacements. We -- in this entire digital transformation journey, we 
are also increasing incremental cost towards IT applications, licenses. That's the reason. There 
is no structural issue in this. Radiation, see radiation is a high-contribution business in all our 
modalities between surgical, medical, radiation. Radiation has the highest margin. 
And therefore, any drop in radiation affects the total contribution margin that much more and as 
-- but what we are doing is in all these 3 centers, we are putting a high-end machine, which will 
give us capability to do high-end modalities, which have a higher realization and therefore, there 
will be improvement in your realization of radiation revenue in all these 3 locations. It will be 
more margin accretive going forward. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. Got it. So how many LINACs you have now total? And how many of them are in pay-
per-use models? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So we have 5 which are pay-per-use model out of 32 LINACs. Most of these LINACs have 
been installed years ago. It's only last couple of years, we have started moving towards pay-per-
use model. And we expect going forward that all our replacements will start moving into pay-
per-use model. And therefore what Dr. Ajai was saying that our capex requirement will go down. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Understood. Follow-up to the margin question, so basically, if I look at a full year basis, the 
operating metrics that you have shown in Slide 10 that has improved strongly every aspect of 
the operating margin -- in the operating metrics. But if I look at the overall margins, overall 
EBITDA margins of the company it has adjusted somewhere around 18.8%, 18.9% and strongly 
refuses to move beyond 20% and probably missing piece of the puzzle here is your emerging 
centers still operate at a 7%, 8% kind of EBITDA margin, where the mature centers is doing at 
24%, 25%. My question is, when can we see these emerging centers move up the ladder and 
revenue? 
Raj Gore: 
See as a bucket, I think it will be about 18 months. But let me give you more details. Jaipur is 
already in mid-20s. Borivali is in mid-20s, so some of the emerging centers are already at that 
margin level. As a bucket in another 18 months, we should get to the mature level. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Nitin Agarwal with DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Two questions, sir, on this pay-per-use LINAC model versus an outright buyout. In your 
assessment, what's the difference in ROCE between the two from -- how does the financial the 
economics really work out for you in both the models? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Yes. So I mean, Theoretically, income from  a single patient on our pay-per-use machine is 
ROCE accretive because there is no capital involved. Now how does this play out when it comes 
to profitability is that almost about around 20% to 25% of what we generate from patient care 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
goes to the manufacturer. However, what we have also done and observed is that due to upgrade 
of these machines from the previous versions, we are able to give high-end therapies to our 
patients. So a lot of costs, which is going to the manufacturers also get traded off due to higher 
recovery from the patient. Further the pay-per- use model includes all maintenance cost and 
future upgrades 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
Nitin, what Ashutosh is trying to say is that the pay-per-use model is also good for a few things. 
One is when the beginning you may have a low volume of patients. So you are not really 
investing in the capex even with the lower volume, we're okay because this per patient you're 
paying, you've not invested and you're not -- your debt is not increasing and you're not paying 
any -- debt payment is not happening. 
Point number 2 is because of the high-end units we are getting, we are able to do more of IGRT 
IMRT in even Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, where the revenue model is pay per -- the patient pay model 
is higher, because of that, our contribution factor will be high. So essentially, that usually 
whatever we charge is usually paying off what extra -- paying off what we may have to pay to 
the manufacturer. 
So essentially, it makes us a win-win situation for us, working with the manufacturer with no 
investment from our part and no -- like no CMC, no custom duty. So everything comes -- we 
believe it comes in our favour when you look at it, we have done deep steady on this. That is the 
conclusion we have come to. Long term, it really works out well. And after so many years, like 
8 years or so, it essentially becomes our own unit. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And doctor, broadly speaking, in your assessment over the next say 2 to 3 years, how 
much capex would be saving on in terms of cash outlay based upon our expansion plans? 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
Yes, if you look at replacement capex on LINACs, we may have to replace another 7 to 8 linear 
accelerators. Am I right, Ashutosh? Close to that, at least $22 million? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
Yes. 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
And not only replacement, the new instalments when you look at second linear accelerators, we 
may be in the region of 10 to 12, so you are talking about each unit about $2 million. So you are 
looking at approximately $20 million, $25 million. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And secondly, on the mature centers, while we did just talk about 
the fact that Q4 had some one-offs because of which numbers are a little down, but these 
EBITDA for these centers has been in the 74%, 77% range -- INR70 crores range for the last 3 
or 4 quarters, all through FY '23, so Raj, where do we see this number? I mean do -- is there a 
scope for a meaningful delta on this number? Or this is where we're probably starting a bit of a 
plateauing situation in this -- in the mature centers on the EBITDA front? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Before Raj takes up, just on the numbers, while you said INR74 crores, INR75 crores, those 
were -- those are reported numbers. And if you look at the adjusted numbers, it has moved up 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
from INR75 crores to INR76 crores to INR83 crores, so there is a delta of INR6 crores, INR7 
crores from quarter 1 to quarter 4. Now in... 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. And as I explained, this is not -- this quarter is not the end goal for us. It's not the last over, 
right? We are -- as I mentioned earlier, we are continuing to invest in our sales/marketing 
expenses. Our sales/marketing expenses are almost 1% more than last year this year. And that's 
the right thing to do because I believe that we have -- we not only have expertise, we have spare 
capacity. There is enough demand supply. It's important that we create visibility of HCG brand 
so that we grow footfalls going forward. That's the right thing to do for the business on an 
ongoing basis. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Got it. And Raj sir on the last one on the INR14 crores, INR15 crores that you spent on the 
consulting expenses this year, what kind of payoff do you see on that? And when do you start to 
see it coming through? 
Raj Gore: 
So we had already guided the market that we were expecting our margins to go up in the range 
of 150 basis points. Of that, we have sort of right now at least 60%, 70% of that benefit we have 
already seen in the current year and some of the benefits like now would commence as we go 
forward in the next few quarters. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And if I can squeeze the last one. On any -- what are the -- what is the way forward for 
us on the fertility clinic business? How are we seeing that business -- is it a strategic business 
for us, is it core? Are we looking to invest in this business incrementally? 
:Dr B S Ajaikumar 
Yes. As we have said, we are now -- because of the COVID and post recovery took us some 
time, we have reorganized the fertility and we are also not going to do any of the merger we 
have planned with Ovum. So we feel there is a significant upside for us to focus on the facility 
only. So with this, we are looking at good improvement this year, and we have put a lot of 
systems in place. 
And we want to be definitely dominant in Bangalore, so our focus going forward will be in 
Bangalore. So going forward in the next few quarters, we'll definitely update how we are doing 
but we do see quite a few positive signs for our growth. As you know, we have made it very 
clear at some point we want to divest. So we will decide at what points to divest. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Shyam Srinivasan with Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just one on the outlook for fiscal '21 -- '24, Raj, Dr. Ajai, how should we look at revenue growth. 
Firstly, we have done 21% this year. And if you could help us disaggregate into either changes 
in ARPOB that you foresee, we have about 4% increase ARPOB overall. So just want to see 
how we should look at ARPOB versus the utilization improvements. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So as you said of  21% revenue growth, 4% is ARPOB, rest is volumes. If you see even 
NPR, which is the new patient registration which is the most important metric for us because 1 
patient coming in, getting treated for multiple modalities and the lifetime value, so we have had 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
a very good 18% growth on a year-on-year in NPR. So largely, it's led by volume. As I mentioned 
earlier, first, we want to drive capacity utilization before we start optimizing all other financial 
metrics. 
So we'll continue to do that. On going forward, we don't actually give forward-looking guidance 
but if you look at our track record for years and including last several quarters, we have outpaced 
the industry growth and we will -- our endeavour is to continue on that journey and grow at a 
higher rate than the industry growth. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes, that is helpful. So what is the industry growth you think 15%, 14%? 
Raj Gore: 
So cancer market is growing at 11%, 12% annually CAGR over a few years, of -- I mean last 5 
years, it's grown about 11%, 12%. It's expected to grow at the same rate going forward, about 
12%. So that's the cancer market growth in India right now. 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
And also, Shyam, I want to just add one thing. See, when we look at the growth for us historically 
for HCG, we have been very strong in radiation oncology. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Right. 
Dr. B S Ajaikumar: 
And even now, our radiation oncology is a big strength, where the contribution factor is very 
high. And when we look at the places like even Mumbai, Jaipur, we are adding more units and 
similarly in Vizag. So a lot of our centers, including mature centers and also growing. We are 
adding more units. So we feel our growth in terms of our radiation chemo administration will 
excel quite a bit in the coming year. That is where we are going to see a significant growth 
happening. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it, sir. 
Raj Gore: 
And Shyam, I think we have shared this in the past also that while we continue to grow 
organically, we are also looking at inorganic opportunities. We had several targets that we were 
evaluating. We have made good progress and hopefully, we'll be able to share more details in 
coming months on that front. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Understood. If I were to look at Slide 13 and just looking at your regional cluster breakup, where 
do you think there is scope for further improvement? I'm just looking at headline numbers, like 
Maharashtra has only grown 6%, let's assume, right? So just the ones where growth has been 
slower for the full year -- or Andhra Pradesh for the quarter, let's assume. So is there something 
regional specific, cluster specific strategy that we have in the next 12 months? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So growth, the -- while the mature centers continue to grow at a steady state, steady rate, 
the growth will come from emerging centers. Emerging centers, we have 2 in Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, 1 in Kolkata and then you have Rajkot, Jaipur, which are showing very good 
traction. You mentioned Maharashtra, it's showing 6%, but if you look at, I think that's largely 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
because in Maharashtra, in Nashik, in both Mumbai hospitals, we had large COVID and 
vaccination revenue last year. 
If you look at our oncology revenue growth year-on-year in Maharashtra, that 6% will become 
15%. If you look at -- if I can draw your attention to year-on-year growth in Q4, it's reflecting 
19% because by Q4 last year, COVID and vaccination was not there. That is a real reflection of 
our oncology business growth there. If you look at Mumbai, we are -- in Mumbai, in Q4, we 
have grown about 24% for the year in Mumbai for oncology business, like-to-like, we have 
grown 41% over the previous year. 
So Mumbai is growing very well. Mumbai, Kolkata, emerging center as a bucket will be the 
future growth drivers going forward. And as I mentioned -- as we have been mentioning, that 2 
of our top centers of excellence, Bangalore, and Ahmedabad, we are adding capacity in terms of 
new facilities. We are adding 1 in Whitefield to continue to grow our market share in Bangalore. 
And Ahmedabad, we are shifting to a newly modern build 200-bedded facility by beginning of 
next financial year. And that will ensure that these 2 centers will continue to play a major role 
in our growth going forward. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. My last question is just on the -- I remember 12, 18 months back, we did a price 
benchmarking exercise of our prices with competition, and we took some price increases up. Do 
we foresee that will likely come back again? Is there pricing power you think where you can 
take prices up. The ARPOB growth, like you said, has been 4% only. So is there an element of 
price increases we can take in '24 or '25, let's assume. 
Raj Gore: 
So we had -- 12 months ago, we had done it -- actually 15 months ago, we started doing that 
exercise in Bangalore. During this last financial year, we have taken it to the rest of 10, 12 major 
facilities. So that's been rolled out recently. We don't see it happening again soon, but we 
continue to do our inflationary price increase every year in -- effective from first April, which 
we have already done. I think as I stated before, we do have capacity in many of our centers. We 
do want to go for driving volumes first. In the meantime, we are upgrading technology. 
We are upgrading our clinical strength and we are investing in building brand, combination of 
all 3 when the capaci ty starts reaching to optimum level should give us our pricing ability to 
charge premium, considering that anyway, in 2/3 of our locations, we have a market leadership 
position locally in oncology market. So we are working towards that. As of now, the focus is on 
volumes, volumes, volumes, driving capacity utilization. But naturally, it will move in that 
direction as we start reaching optimum utilization. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Aditya Jhavar, an Investor. 
Aditya Jhavar: 
Yes. I have a question on the cash flow statement. I see there is a receivable write-off of INR31-
odd crores and there are again doubtful debts for, I think, 2 to 3 years, INR11-odd crores. So 
could you throw some light on this part? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Thanks, Aditya, the thing is we have receivable policy positioning. So based on that, on the 
credit customers, we do make provisions based on the receivable, based on the collection trends. 
So the write-offs that you see in the books of accounts is basically the provision that we have 
created in the past. And over a period of time, we have verified it is compatible that's what we 
have cleaned it up as part of this exercise. 
But having said that, it's not that we cleaned it up on dealer that's the end of the story. We will 
keep monitoring this and as and when there is an opportunity to put these collections, we will 
continue to do so. It's more a financial discipline exercise and our efforts to kind of drive the 
receivables ensures that we are behind this and collect as much as possible continues to be on. 
Venkat P 
Just to add to what Srini said, since you picked up on the cash flow the net impact because of 
the bad debts and the provision is a write-back to the PBT because it's not a cash outgo, just 
making it clear. 
Aditya Jhavar: 
But in the business, I'm still not able to understand receivables how it got stuck like INR31-odd 
crores is a very big amount. So could you again briefly explain here? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Yes. Listen Aditya this is not a 1-year phenomenon. It's over a period of time. We are looking 
at last 5 to 6 years. So as I said, on all our credit customers, we have been creating provisions 
based on the aging of those customers. And based on that, the provisions have got accumulated 
over a period of 5, 6 years that INR35 crores we are looking at is a provision that has been 
created over a period of time that we have realized is not collectible at this point in time. So 
based on a good financial discipline, we decided to write this amount, write up this amount. 
Aditya Jhavar: 
Okay. And my second question is on the margin strength. If I see the core strength in margins, 
we have coming around 10% to 11%, which has been for the past 2 years. But as we know that 
in the hospital sector, generally, when the capex comes over, we see that the margin should trend 
upwards. But from the last 3 to -- from the last 6 to 8 quarters, we are sitting near 10% to 11% 
on margin. When we can see that bump up in the margins, if you can give in maybe 2- or 3-years 
perspective, like emerging centers should contribute how do you see this going forward? 
Raj Gore: 
So Aditya I mean, we are not able to relate to your 11% margin because our reported adjusted -
- sorry, our adjusted EBITDA margin is 18.8%. 
Aditya Jhavar: 
I'm taking out rental also here. If you Post IndAS. Pre IndAS. Yes. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
pre-IndAS? 
Aditya Jhavar: 
Yes. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
pre-IndAS is 15%. 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Pre-IndAS cannot be 11%, Aditya. It should be a higher percentage. But the larger question is 
how do we drive margins across the emerging countries. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Aditya Jhavar: 
Yes, yes. 
Raj Gore: 
So Aditya, I mean, if you look at last 2 years, 8 quarters, we've grown from 13% to almost 19% 
in terms of margin, post IndAS. Our existing centers have gone from 18% to almost 22%. right? 
It's the new center bucket that was dragging it down earlier. It was negative, now it's coming 
positive. I have -- we've been explaining that while we reached to a certain level of margins 3, 4 
quarters ago, we decided that we want to go for scale.  
And therefore, we started spending our clinical talent and investing in go-to-market building 
brand to make sure that we ramp up our hospitals faster than what we have done historically. 
Our emerging markets are new markets to us, we have to grab market share from someone else. 
So we decided to go on a front foot aggressively to grow these volumes. 
I think what is happening the margin trend is a reflection of these decisions, which we feel are 
the right decisions for those businesses, right? Now fundamentally, we've shown again and again 
that the model delivers good margins in mid-20s, whether it is irrespective of the location that 
they are in, whether it's new -- whether it's metro, whether it's non-metro, Tier 3, Tier 4. We've 
proven it multiple times. It's a matter of fact when all cylinders start firing in the emerging bucket 
that it starts moving in the right direction towards the mature center margin. 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
I think in fact Raj has given a time frame of about 18 months to kind of for the emerging centers 
to fall in line with the mature centers. And I think that's a good starting point. 
Raj Gore: 
And as I said, Jaipur in last 2 years have gone to mid -- early 20s. Borivali is gone to 20s, right? 
So even in the emerging center bucket, there are hospitals which are already reaching that level. 
Aditya Jhavar: 
Okay. That helps. That helps. And the last question I have is on the LINAC machines. So 
currently, we have 31 odd LINAC machines, right? But correct me if I'm wrong. Correct? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. 
Aditya Jhavar: 
Okay. Now we have current capacity utilization as 68-odd percent, but you said that we can 
move up to 90 plus percent. So how do we increase here capacity utilization? And how fast we 
can ramp up here? Or it depends on the more CIC, the number of patients also going up. so 
which is a good amount, then how do the dynamics change here, the increase in capacity 
utilization of LINAC. And for the 2 to 3 years, how much more we are trying to add that also in 
LINAC how many machines because you said we are going for pay-per-use model and this one 
here. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. Yes. So Aditya, if you look at the page on operating metrics, it shows that year-on-year, 
our utilization has gone from 59% to 66%. On quarter-on-quarter, it's moved from 60% to 65% 
in Q5 -- in Q4. In -- this is an average utilization for the entire bucket. We have many hospitals 
where we are already 90%, 100% utilization. For example, Borivali, Borivali we've been 
clocking 95%, 100% utilization. We had a bunker. We want to add 1 machine. The machine is 
commissioned as we speak. This month, we have commissioned the second machine. So the 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
answer lies hospital by hospital. We have identified hospitals where we already are hitting 
utilization, right? Ranchi is one more example. Jaipur, Jaipur we have 2 the utilization is in 
higher 80s. 
What we've learned from our -- some of the past experiences that we don't need to wait for it to 
reach 90%, 95% because there is a long lead time to order machine and install it. It takes 6 to 9 
months for that. Therefore, as we start hitting 80%, 85% in respective hospitals and wherever 
we have bunkers will start ordering machines and deploying it. Where we don't have bunkers, 
we'll start creating bunkers.  
As we speak right now, we have about 4 machines that are -- 5 machines that are getting installed 
in various places. Borivali, Ranchi, Ongole and Jaipur. That's what is happening right now, and 
these machines will get commissioned in this 2, 3 months period, current period. We have also 
identified some of the other hospitals where we would like to add machines. For example, 
Nagpur, for example, Kolkata. So we have a list of units where we would like to now increase 
capacity by adding a LINAC. We have planned for the year and the subsequent year. And this 
pay-per-use model if there is a possibility to deploy it at right time without incurring capex in a 
margin-accretive and a ROCE-accretive manner going forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Rishabh Tiwari with Allegro Capital Advisors. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
My question was regarding the pre-IndAS numbers, which was being discussed in the last 
question as well. Earlier, we used to report it used to be around INR65 crores odd number in 
IndAS impact annually, what would be the ballpark number for this FY '23 here?  
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
This is the IndAS impact is INR70 crores annually. So if we are looking at INR321 crores for 
the full year, pre-IndAS numbers probably would be about to INR250 crores. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
About -- sorry, sir I lost you. 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
INR250 crores. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Okay, sir. So Pre-IndAS would be higher than the post-IndAS number, is it? 
Raj Gore: 
No, no, no. Our post-IndAS EBITDA number for last year is INR321 crores. If you want a pre-
IndAS like-to-like number, as we reported earlier, you will have to remove about roughly INR70 
crores from it, which takes it to about INR251 crores. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Yogesh Tiwari with Arihant Capital. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
My question is basically on right-of-use assets, basically related to balance sheet. So you're right 
of use assets have declined in FY '23. Also your other intangible assets has also declined. So 
what would be the drivers for it, sir? 
Raj Gore: 
Yogesh, can you repeat your question? There is a lot of disturbances in the background. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Yes, my question is the right-of-use assets has declined in FY '23 from about INR400 crores in 
FY '22. So what would be the driver for the decline? Also, there is a decline in other intangible 
assets? So if you can share some thoughts on it. 
Venkat P 
So Yogesh, last time when for the year-end call, we had explained this thing that we revised our 
policy of capitalization of right of use assets, we had taken only the lock-in period of most of 
the assets, which were only 8 to 10 years. And we wrote back, or we reduced the ROU assets of 
the impact of 10 years capitalization. That's why you saw INR300 crores reduction last year on 
account of this, plus, as we keep paying the rent, as we know, ROU is nothing but the 
capitalization deficient rentals. And as you keep paying rent, this will also organically come 
down. That is the reason why you are seeing a decrease in the current year also. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
So sir, the decline in rental would be related to which facility? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
No it is not -- it is relating to all the facilities where we are paying rent, so which is almost across 
all the locations. So a better rightly explained, as the year goes by, the capitalization would keep 
coming down, and that's the reason for the reduction. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
It would capitalize rent. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Okay. Sure. And sir, one last question on the upcoming capex. So at Whitefield and at 
Ahmedabad. So as you told earlier, it takes about 18 months for an emerging asset to become 
mature. So can we assume that the 2 upcoming assets at like Whitefield and Ahmedabad, it will 
start giving the targeted ROCE by the second half of FY '26? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
Let's put it this way. Ahmedabad is not a   [ a new center  We have just  lifted in the existing 
hospital and putting it at a new place because we have run out of capacity at existing 
center.[inaudible 1:06:38]. So given that we should be able to maintain the momentum, rather 
improve the momentum as far as this center is concerned. As far as Whitefield center is 
concerned, it's an addition to our existing center of excellence, so we are optimistic that we 
should be able to pick up volumes very quickly from the induction stage itself. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sure. So just on the timeline, like we expect that to, for example, Whitefield to complete in the 
first quarter of '25, so we can expect like FY '26 would be the major contributor for this keeping 
in mind the timeline? 
Srinivasa Raghavan: 
See one of the contributors, it's one of the contributors as Raj and Ashutosh explained, there are 
many activities that are happening, result is expansion. We are also looking at M&A activities. 
We are also looking at emerging centers kind of coming at par with  new centers. All this will 
be a major driver to propel the overall growth of the organization. 
Raj Gore: 
And just to add to what Srini said, the -- our center in Whitefield in the niche center primarily 
from the facilities that we want to consolidate and improve our market leadership in Bangalore. 
It's going to be a small center compared to what we already have in Bangalore, and it is more 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
aimed towards like increasing our market share in Bangalore, going to be primarily catered 
radiation and medical oncology center that we do have some surgical OTs and big beds as well.  
However, it's going to be add-on center to our center of excellence. So it's going to be -- it's not 
going to drag us as far as paper debit is concerned, other will add to the incremental revenue and 
as Srini said, Ahmedabad is going to be just a shift of the hospital earnings not going to change 
the economics of the business. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Raj Gore for closing comments. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. Thank you. Once again, I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining your call, 
keeping -- keep having this interest in our organization, our growth story, we'll keep you 
updating on a regular basis for any incremental updates we have on the company. I hope we've 
been able to address all your queries. If there is more queries, please get us -- get in touch with 
us or our Investor Relations advisers, Strategic Growth advisers. Thank you once again and talk 
to you next time again. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
