 
  DEPT.: SECRETARIAL 
 
The South Indian Bank Ltd., Regd. Office: Thrissur, Kerala  
Head Office: S.I.B. House, T.B. Road, P.B. No: 28, Thrissur - 680001, Kerala  
(Tel) 0487-2420 020, (Fax) 91 487-244 2021, e-mail: sibcorporate@sib.co.in  
CIN: L65191KL 1929PLC001017, Toll Free (India) 1800-102-9408, 1800-425-1809 (BSNL) 
www.southindianbank.com 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
SCRIP CODE: SOUTHBANK 
BSE Ltd. 
 
Department of Corporate Services (Listing), 
First Floor, New Trading Wing, 
 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,                            
Dalal Street, Fort,Mumbai – 400 001. 
SCRIP CODE: 532218 
 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
 
Sub: Conference call for Investors/Analysts –Transcript of the Conference Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30,46 and all other applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 and in continuation of 
our letters SEC/ST.EX.STT/69/2023-24 dated July 17, 2023 and SEC/ST.EX.STT/76/2023-24 dated 
July 21, 2023, we wish to inform you that, the transcript of the conference call for Investors and 
Analysts held on Friday, July 21, 2023 at 12:00 noon (IST) is attached and made available on the 
Bank’s website at www.southindianbank.com under the following link. 
 
https://www.southindianbank.com/userfiles/file/sib_q1-fy23-24_earnings_call_transcript.pdf 
 
 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(JIMMY MATHEW) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
REF. No. :   SEC/ST.EX.STT/ 80 /2023-24 
DATE      :   July 27, 2023 
JIMMY 
MATHEW
Digitally signed by 
JIMMY MATHEW 
Date: 2023.07.27 
10:32:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“South Indian Bank Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2023 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MURALI RAMAKRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. THOMAS JOSEPH K– EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND 
CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. ANTO GEORGE T– CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER, HUMAN 
RESOURCE AND OPERATIONS – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SANCHAY SINHA – SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER AND 
COUNTRY HEAD – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SONY A– SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER AND CHIEF 
INFORMATION OFFICER – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MS. BIJI S S– SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER – SOUTH INDIAN 
BANK LIMITED  
 
MR. SENTHIL KUMAR – SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER, 
RECOVERY – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED  
 
MS. CHITHRA H– SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED  
 
MS. MINU MOONJELY – SENIOR GENERAL MANAGER – SOUTH 
INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. HARIKUMAR L – GENERAL MANAGER – SOUTH INDIAN 
BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. VINOD – HEAD OF TREASURY – SOUTH INDIAN BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NEHRU SINGH – HEAD OF POLICY AND MONITORING – 
SOUTH INDIAN BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
  
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING LIMITED 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the South Indian Bank Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock Broking. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Barnawal from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Raju Barnawal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, I welcome you all to 
The South Indian Bank earnings conference to discuss Q1 FY '24 results. I thank the 
management for providing us the opportunity to host the call. South Indian Bank management 
represented by Murali Ramakrishnan, MD and CEO, Mr. Thomas Joseph, EVP and Chief 
Business Officer, Mr. Anto George, CGM, HR and Operations. Mr. Sanchay Sinha, SGM and 
Country Head, Ms. Chithra, Chief Financial Officer. 
With this, I hand over the call to the MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we will have a 
Q&A question. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Good afternoon to all of you, and thank you for joining us for The South Indian Bank Limited 
Q1 FY '24 earnings conference call. I am joined by my colleagues, Mr. Thomas Joseph, EVP 
and Chief Business Officer, Mr. Anto George, CGM, HR and Operations, Mr. Sanchay Sinha, 
SGM and County Head, Ms. Chithra, SGM and CFO, Mr. Sony, SGM and CIO, Ms. Biji, SGM 
and Group Business Head, Mr. Senthil Kumar, SGM, Collection and Recovery, Ms. Minu 
Moonjely, SGM, Head Credit Underwriting, Mr. Vinod, GM Treasury; and Mr. Nehru Singh, 
GM Credit Policy and Monitoring. 
Let me start with the key highlights of financial performance for the quarter ended June '23. 
Highest ever business of INR169,601 crores in the history of the bank. Total deposits grew by 
8% to INR95,499 crores, from INR88,196 crores on a year-on-year basis. Gross advances grew 
by 15% to INR74,102 crores from INR64,704 crores on a year-on-year basis. Operating profit 
for the quarter has increased by 55% from INR316 crores in Q1 FY '23 to INR490 crores in Q1 
FY '24. Net profit for the quarter grew by 76% year-on-year from INR115 crores to INR202 
crores. CASA amount increased by 3% year-on-year to INR31,166 crores as against INR30,335 
crores. Net interest margin improved by 60 basis points year-on-year to 3.34% in Q1 FY '24 as 
against 2.74% in Q1 FY '23. 
Provision coverage ratio, including write-offs improved by 643 bps year-on-year to reach 
76.54% in Q1 FY '24 against 70.11% during Q1 FY '23. Provision coverage ratio, excluding 
write-off improved by 1,255 bps year-on-year to reach 65.15% in Q1 FY '24 against 52.6% 
during Q1 FY '23. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Overall, gross NPA reduced by 74 bps from 5.87% to 5.13% on a year-on-year basis. Net NPA 
reduced by 102 bps from 2.87% to 1.85% on a year-on-year basis. Improvement in ROA at 
0.73% against 0.46% year-on-year. ROE improved to 11.8% against 7.68% year-on-year. 
Recovery and upgrading of NPA accounts increased from INR296 crores in Q1 FY '23 to 
INR362 crores in Q1 FY '24. 
Continuing our focus on collections. Our SMA2 portfolio has come down by 19% on a year-on-
year basis from INR1,102 crores to INR888 crores. Built a new book of INR45,268 crores from 
October 20, with better underwriting, reflecting GNPA close to 0.16%, the SMA2 book at 
0.23%. 
With regard to the status of sale of asset to ARC, we carry a balance of SR INR1,378 crores and 
provision of INR1,223 crores, with the net value of SR outstanding is INR155 crores. CRAR 
Improved on a year-on-year basis to 16.49% and the Tier 1 ratio stands at 14.04% as of June 30, 
2023. 
Let me now take you through the other operational and financial performance of the bank. Total 
business for the bank increased by 11% and stands at INR1,69,601 crores as of June 30, 2023 
advances grew by 15% year-on-year to INR74,102 crores backed by total disbursements of 
INR22,108 crores during the quarter ended June '23. The details of disbursement for the quarter 
as follows, corporate INR17,200 crores, predominantly to A and above rated corporate, gold 
INR2,883 crores. Business segment INR997 crores. And other retails INR1,028 crores, which 
includes housing loan of INR185 crores, PL of INR286 crores and other retail of INR557 crores. 
The share of A and above rated large corporates has improved from 91% as of June 30, '22, to 
96% at June 30, 2023. 
We continue to grow our gold loan business, our disbursement year-on-year from 1-7-22 to 30-
6-23 was INR11,256 crores with an average LTV of 83.94% and the ticket size of INR1.6 lakhs. 
Gold loan grew by 21% year-on-year to reach INR14,478 crores. 
Personal loan is another segment, where we see good traction, since the launch of pre-approved 
PL in December '21. As of June '23, our PL book had cross INR1,935 crores. Credit card is 
another growth area, which we launched during FY '22. As of June 23, we had issued 2,51,099 
cards with monthly average spends of INR21,273. The total book as of June '23 stood at INR955 
crores. 
As far as SME is concerned, we are seeing good uptick in disbursement month-on-month over 
the past few quarters. We are cautiously growing this segment. The average money disbursement 
for this quarter is INR332 crores. 
Coming to liability portfolio. Our core deposits grew by 6% year-on-year to INR92,043 crores. 
NRI deposits continue to be our strength and now stands at INR28,382 crores, which contributes 
30% of our total deposits. Low cost NRI deposits stands at INR9,116 crores. The bank saw a 
growth of 8% year-on-year in our NRI remittance business. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Our investment book was at INR27,281 crores. Split into HTM of INR20,882 crores and AFS 
and HFT are INR6,399 crores. The M duration of the investment book is at 2.79% as of June 30, 
2023. 
The fresh slippages stood at INR468 crores as of Q1 FY '24, which is within the overall guidance. 
The overall restructured book stands at INR1,297 crores as of 30, June ‘23, against INR2,198 
crores during June '22, of which business segment is INR748 crores, personal segment is INR225 
crores, corporate is INR297 crores and agri is INR27 crores. The bank holds standard asset 
provision including standard restructured and FITL of INR493 crores. Net interest income for 
the quarter increased by 34% year-on-year to INR808 crores. Our core fee income increased by 
17% year-on-year to INR150 crores. Treasury profit for the quarter was at INR55 crores, 
excluding provision on investments. 
Overall, provisions increased by 43% year-on-year to INR199 crores in Q1 FY '24, mainly due 
to the higher provision to hold the PCR at 76.54%, and 100% provision made in the credit card 
without considering the FLDG. We'll continue to maintain the momentum in disbursement and 
collection in the coming quarters to achieve the desired targets. 
With this, I open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. Our first question 
is from the line of Darshan Deora from Indvest Group. Please go ahead. 
Darshan Deora: 
My question was regarding Slide 14 of the presentation, where you've shown the net interest 
income. On that slide, we're showing that the yield on advances has come down from 9.3% in 
Q4 FY '23 to 9.17%. Can you just explain that, why has the yield on advances come down? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. See, yield is a mix of, I mean, a combination of the assets growth, which we show during 
the quarter. So then we are continuously driving to attract good quality assets. Obviously, you 
need to be taking care of the rate at which you want to offer such facilities. Therefore, this 
decrease is not anything, which is specific. It's basically a combination of the assets, which we 
grew during the quarter. 
One thing which we should be mindful is that due to liquidity situation when we were re-pricing 
our liabilities, it's very important to re-price our assets also. But as you know, if we fully pass 
on the increase in the liability cost to the customers, sometimes you might end up losing the deal 
because of good counterparties will be expecting fine rates. 
Therefore, we need to be manuring this very carefully, in order to ensure that we don't lose good 
deals for want of our slightly higher interest rates. So this is something which will continue to 
be mindful of. And especially these last two quarters, when we have seen our cost of deposits 
going up, we should be mindful of rate at which we have pass on the end rate to the customer. 
So I would say that this is pretty much in tune with what we thought we need to do in order to 
build a strategy of having good quality portfolio continue to be accruing to us. 
Darshan Deora: 
So I think, on the previous call, you had mentioned that the NIM on the incremental business 
was about 3.6%. Does that still hold true? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, NIM was 3.6%, let me just take a couple of minutes to explain. See, what we do as a bank, 
when we are actually declaring a particular asset as NPA. You know that we stop accruing 
interest in our books, and we also do reversal of income. But when we do a reversal of income, 
post that, obviously, in the customer account, we'll continue to accrue interest because at the 
time of settlement, which can happen, either one year from then or two years from not so many 
years from then, we need to ensure that whatever recovery we do, as per the practice which we 
follow we set of the amount recovered in the order of demand. 
And post addressing the sacrifice of interest, which we did, we go and adjust against the GNPA 
reduction. So what this means is that in a particular quarter, if you've got a very big account 
recovered, like what happened in Q4, for example, when we recovered Syntex and many other 
cases, where we recovered a substantial amount, there has been an adjustment towards the 
interest sacrifice, which we did. And this interest is actually shown under NII. To that extent, in 
any quarter where there is a bumper recovery happening, you will find that also contributing to 
the NII. 
So I would say that the 3.67% for the quarter was due to the extraordinary recovery, which 
happened during Q4. However, this quarter, therefore, if you look at the NIM for the bank as a 
whole for the full year, we ended the year with 3.3% NIM, which we have increased to 3.34% 
for Q1 of this year. 
So you'll also see in this year also, as we go forward, whenever a big recovery happens, you will 
find for that particular quarter, NIM actually jumping. So NIM is contributed by life as usual, 
increase in NIM and this one-off, which contributes to the interest reversal of sacrifice, which 
we do, which can probably help us in showing higher NIM. 
Our [guidance on NIM is that we will reach 3.5% for the bank by March '24, which we continue 
to hold. So in a quarter, we might exceed 3.5%, doesn't mean that we'll be able to hold it for the 
bank for the full year. That's where we are now saying that for the full year, we ended the 3.3% 
for last year, which we want to end this year with 3.5%. 
Darshan Deora: 
Got it. That's very helpful. So essentially, Q4 was more of an anomaly than really this quarter. 
And my second question was... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
We wanted that to be happening often, positive anomaly. 
Darshan Deora: 
Yes, positive anomaly. My second question was regarding the ROA guidance. Are we still on 
track to achieve the 1% ROA that we have guided for FY '24? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. We endeavour to reach ROA of 1% by March '24. Of course, it's definitely, as you know it 
depends on the situation of liquidity and the re-pricing and the ability to pass on increasing costs 
and the portfolio mix. So we are still continuing to want to reach that level of ROA. 
Darshan Deora: 
Okay. And my last question was regarding the classification of the new book versus the old 
book. So there are definitely loans in the old book, which you sort of allowed to lapse and there 
are certain loans that you would like to renew because they're good quality customers. The loans 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
that you renew in the old book, do they then move to the new book in your classification? Or do 
they continue to stay in the old book? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Wherever we give enhancement, we show it as a new book because there we do a fresh appraisal. 
But as you know, renewal is something which we cannot -- not afford to do even when a 
customer who is actually showing signs of stress, we need to renew, but then we will take action 
in terms of either decreasing our exposure or exiting that exposure. But however, wherever we 
are giving enhancement, we definitely do a reappraisal, and that's how we classify them as new 
book. 
Darshan Deora: 
So in the case of an enhancement, will you just put the enhancement bid in the new book or 
you'll put the entire loan into the new book? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Entire, let me ask, I think, Vinod, who is our Finance Head. He will answer that. Yes. 
Vinod: 
The new book, what we are doing is that from October ‘20, what are the disbursements happened 
to the new customers will be classified as new book. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No, the specific question is when an existing customers, who is coming for renewal, when we 
are doing enhancement, are we showing the full exposure as a new book or only the enhancement 
portion? 
Vinod: 
Only the enhancement portion. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Only the enhancement portion we show it as a new book, when that account turns into NPA, for 
example, in the future, obviously, the slippages will be counted as a slippage happening from 
the new book. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Umang Shah: 
Sir, a couple of them. One, just continuing on the margin side. Just want to understand that, let's 
say, in the previous quarter, the recovery that we had factored in. Had it not been there, then 
what would have our margins been in the fourth quarter? That's the first one. 
And just wanted a clarification. You said by March '24, we want to reach a 3.5% margin? Are 
you referring to the exit margin or the full year margin of 3.5%, which compares with 3.3% full 
year margin of last year? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. To answer your second question, we want to reach a full year margin of 3.5% for the bank 
as against 3.3% for the last year. 
And to answer your first question, in terms of NII, I can probably answer it in a different way. 
If you look at the NII, which we did for the -- for Q4, this in -- reverse of interest on NPA, which 
happened due to recovery for Q4 was INR101 crores. So in Q4, for example, our total net interest 
income was INR857 crores, of which INR101 crores were contributed by this reversal. So if you 
net it off, it's INR756 crores for Q4. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
If you do the same thing for Q1, INR808 crores is our NII and the benefit due to reversal of 
interest on NPA due to recovery is INR47 crores. If you net if off, the net number is INR761 
crores. So INR761 crores for Q1 of FY '24 in relation to INR756 crores for Q4 of FY '23, which 
has shown a growth of 1%. 
Umang Shah: 
Understood. That's really helpful. Thank you. Sir, the second question which I have is on our 
opex. The employee cost line has seen a substantial jump this quarter. Just wanted to understand, 
is there any one-off in this INR400 crores employee cost number? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. I have Mr. Anto, who is the Head of our -- Group HR Head for us. He will answer this 
question. Yes. 
Anto George: 
Yes. So the employee cost increase has been two, three factors. One is that, normally, April, 
May, we have additional employees coming in and a normal increase, and the DA increase, 
normal DA increase that is there. That accounts to around INR12 crores. And then there is a 
provision for the retirement benefit. So normally, what we do is we take an actuarial valuation 
from the beginning of the year. And accordingly, we start providing. So last year also, we had 
done the provision, but then year-end, when we find the actual, we had written-back around 
INR45 crores on the Q4 of last financial year. So that is where the difference is coming. 
Even this year also, we have taken the actuarial valuation. Based on that, we are provided INR72 
crores on that. But then year-end, we will take a stock of that, and we'll see what is the position 
actual, where does the actual stand? And if required, we will write-back. So that's why there's 
an additional INR45 crores we have written-back, since we had provided more last year, march  
-- that is one area. And then the wage revision, some additional provision has been also been 
made. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
I'll just supplement to what Anto said. In terms of employee he said, the number of employees 
have gone up, just to give you numbers on that. Last year, Q1, we had an employee base of 9,553 
people. In Q4 of last year, we had employee base of 9,677. Whereas for Q1 of this year, we have 
an employee base of 9,894. So in all, we have increased our number of employees from 9,677 
from Q4 to 9,894. So that has resulted also in increase in salary cost. But you know that this 
increase happens in Q1, but this is pretty much taking into account the full year employee 
requirement. 
Umang Shah: 
Understood. Sir, and my last question was a bit of a clarification on the credit cost. So during 
your opening remarks, you did mention that there was a 100% provision made on the credit card 
portfolio without considering FLDG. So just wanted to understand, number one, how big is the 
quantum? 
And second is, should we assume that given that we already have a FLDG provision out there, 
that provision that we have taken in the first quarter might get reversed during the course of the 
year? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. It's a good question. So what we were doing until last quarter was, whenever we were 
getting -- we have an FLDG arrangement of 4.5% with our Fintech partners. So whenever we 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
were receiving FLDG based on the NPA slippages happening, we were actually, when it comes 
to provisioning, we were netting it off, and therefore, this was not reflecting in provisions. 
Whereas consequent to the new guidelines, which RBI had come out with in terms of digital 
lending guidelines, we still maintain the view that credit card guidelines, which RBI had issued 
in 2016 and even subsequently, is the one which we should be guided by. But in view of this 
FLDG guidelines, talking about digital lending guidelines just talking about FLDG, we are just 
waiting for clarification in order to really account it as an inflow into our income. 
But in line with IRAC norms, we need anyway provide for NPA slippages happening in credit 
card. So earlier, we were netting it off. This quarter, we actually had shown that in our 
provisions, therefore, you are seeing an increase in provision. However, the inflow which we 
have got by through FLDG, we have not accounted for it. We are waiting for the clarification. 
If it happens within Q2, then we will see the reversal of that happening in Q2 itself. 
Umang Shah: 
Sure. And sir, how big is the quantum? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
INR38 crores. 
Umang Shah: 
INR38 crores. Sorry. And just one last question, if I can squeeze in. So sir, this quarter, we have 
also seen a jump up in slippages. Now I understand that there is a bit of a seasonality out here 
Keeping that aside, I mean, should we assume that our full year guidance that we gave of 
slippages of about INR1,500-odd crores and similar quantum of recoveries, we would be able to 
sustain that? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. We always seen that Q1 slippages are always on the higher side. Like, if you look at last 
year Q1 and even prior year Q1, slippages in the first quarter are always a little on the higher 
side. This slippage also in this quarter has happened due to two specific corporate accounts, 
which had slipped. And this usually happens in Q1. So going forward, we are still maintaining 
the guidance of INR1,500 crores. I'm fairly confident that we'll be able to curtail it within that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Priyansh, who is an investor. Please go ahead. 
Priyansh: 
I have two questions. First of all, that is regarding, NCLT, how much exposure we have for those 
corporates which are in the NCLT? And like is it fully provided? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Senthil, you want to answer that, while I take the exact numbers? Senthil, are you there? 
Senthil Kumar: 
See, I'm saying, there are how much of portfolio lying exactly with NCLT, I think I'll just give 
you the number in some time. Whatever we have is... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
I will answer that while you -- see, we have got -- we have referred close to 14 accounts to 
NCLT. And the GNPA, as against these 14 accounts adds up to INR236 crores. As against that, 
we have provided for INR217 crores. In effect, we have provided for 92% of the accounts lying 
in NCLT. 
Priyansh: 
So like when do we expect or like how much do we expect this like in the coming quarter of this 
financial year being able to recover from these accounts? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, it purely depends on how NCLT functions. I mean, nobody can guess that correctly... 
Priyansh: 
No sir. I fully understand what I'm saying -- if some cases are suppose in the advanced stage or 
something like this suppose CoC meeting already happened and kind of things so that I'm just 
checking about that part? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
So let me just complete what I'm saying. I don't think it's a good idea to speculate which 1 will 
get done, because many of these accounts are lying today, either in loss assets or DA1 or DA2. 
These are the status of these assets. And you know that in NCLT right at the time when IBC got 
introduced the expectation from IBC, as we saw going forward, I mean, from then on, we weren't 
really seeing good traction happening at that point in time. Subsequently, we had a couple of 
good recovery also happening through IBC. 
So my suggestion would be not really overestimate or underestimate in this area. Suffice to say 
that we are keeping 92% of our accounts referred to NCLT, and if you compare my overall 
number, it's insignificant, it's INR236 crores is what we are talking about. Therefore, it's not very 
material. And we have -- against that we have provided anyway for INR212 crores plus 92%. 
So in my view, I don't want to speculate whether we'll recover more or less from this. 
Senthil: 
Also just to add, I thought we also have to keep in mind that CoC happening, getting a plan in 
place is not a recipe for immediate recovery Syntex itself, if you remember, we've had in May 
of 2022 and then we finally got the money in March of 2023. Saying it's not possible to estimate 
with that. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Correct. That's why I'm saying it. If it happens, it's a bonus for us. If it doesn't happen, I mean, 
we are conservatively estimating and we will not be hesitant to even provide fully and wait for 
the resolution to happen. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Eish Mohit from SOIC LLP. Please go ahead. 
Eish Mohit: 
Sir, just had a question. What will be your full year's credit cost guidance? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
1.8% to 1.9%. 
Eish Mohit: 
Right. And is it because you're seeing some more active since 1.8%, 1.9% seems a bit to be on 
a higher side? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No, we have always been -- in fact, we were at a much higher number. If you look at last few 
quarters, I mean, we were always at a much higher percentage. This I'm saying, it's actually first 
time we are actually telling you below 2%. 
Eish Mohit: 
Right, right. And what will be our full year guidance for GNPA and NNPA numbers? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
GNPA, we are currently about 5.1%, around 5.1%. We want to move towards 4.5% as far as 
GNPA is concerned. Net NPA, we are currently at about 1.85%. We would want to move 
towards 1% by the end of the year. 
Eish Mohit: 
Anything on the successor? Is it an external or internal candidate or when does it get announced? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, we have actually sent our -- I mean, NRC has sent the recommendation for two candidates 
to RBI and we are expecting RBI clearance to come -- hoping to come around mid of August. 
Obviously, at this stage, we can't reveal anything else. So we are also waiting for RBI clearance. 
And after that, we will anyway come back and let you know about the successor. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vivek Jain from Chanakya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Jain: 
Sir, I have two questions. So on the Page number 27 of presentation, you have mentioned 
business loan slippages amounting to INR266 crores. Can you share the breakup between retail 
and corporate loans? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
You are talking about INR266 crores against business loan. Is that what you're asking? 
Vivek Jain: 
Yes, sir. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
INR266 crores is business loan only. Corporate breakdown is separately given INR53 crores. 
Vivek Jain: 
So this business loan is given to retail sector? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Retail. No, personal segment is INR96 crores. I mean, if you're talking about segment-wise NPA 
slippages of INR468 crores. Agriculture is INR52 crores, business loan is INR266 crores, 
personal segment is INR96 crores and corporate is INR53 crores. 
Vivek Jain: 
No. So this business loan is given to retail or corporates? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
I didn't understand. Retail is to individual, rest of segment is SME. I didn't understand your 
question. 
Vivek Jain: 
Okay. So this is SME INR266 crores? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. We are clearly defining that personal segment retail is to individual. We are paying SMEs 
below INR250 crores of turnover as per the definition of RBI's SME, which is business segment. 
Anything above INR250 crores is corporate. So we are classifying them as per that only. 
Vivek Jain: 
Okay. And you have mentioned that two corporate account has slipped to NPA category. So 
how much exposure to those accounts? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Those accounts adds up to close to -- one second, you can answer. 
Biji: 
Yes, sir. So totally three accounts were there, amounting to total INR53 crores. One account is 
actually the amount is low, in one it is about INR30 crores. So that's how it happened. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Vivek Jain, may we request you to return to the question queue for follow-up questions as 
there are several participants waiting for their turn. Our next question is from the line of Rahil 
Shah from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
All my questions have been answered. Is the -- what are you targeting in terms of loan book 
growth -- that's all I wanted to know or what is going to be for the year? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. We are targeting for 2x the growth of GDP. We are expecting GDP growth to be around 
6.5% for the full year. So we are expecting 13% growth. We are endeavoring to surpass that. As 
of Q1, we have done about close to 15% growth. Full year, we are giving guidance of 13% 
growth. Currently, the asset book is at about INR74,000 crores. We are endeavoring to reach 
INR82,000 crores by the end of the year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Unique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sir, what is the provision coverage ratio that we have right now? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Excluding write-off -- including write-offs, it's about 76%, excluding write-off it is about 65%. 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. And when do you plan to take it forward to 80%, 90%? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes, we'll be doing that. See, we want to reach first the first milestone of 70% by the end of the 
year, excluding write-off. And see, what you should remember is that as we keep increasing 
PCR, you need to keep providing far in excess of what the IRAC norms have mentioned. 
Therefore, even this quarter, for example, as against INR267 crores of provisioning, which we 
have done, INR115 crores referred to the IRAC norms -- provisioning as per IRAC norms just 
because PCR is at a higher level, we need to keep providing far more than what we need to 
provide. 
Therefore, if we keep increasing your PCR. It also means that you need to provide far in excess 
which obviously will depress your profitability, etcetera. So while that being so, we would want 
to reach healthy levels of 70%-plus for PCR excluding write-off. And that is the indicator, which 
I'm sure all analyst are interested in. And that would obviously mean that including write-off, it 
will go beyond 80%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vikash Baid from Vikash Baid. Please go ahead. 
Vikash Baid: 
Good set of numbers, congratulations. I just missed the earlier part of the presentation. Could 
you please explain the INR199 crores provisions for this quarter? And are we likely to have 
similar or lower in other quarter, yes? If we… 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. Just hold on for a minute. Let me just take that paper. See, this INR198 crores of 
provisioning which we have done, let me take two minutes to explain what all comes under this. 
One is the provision for NPAs, which including write-off, excluding technical write-offs. So that 
for this quarter is INR247 crores. And we have actually done reversal of INR14 crores, which 
was provided towards standard assets. We have done reversal of INR27 crores against FITL. We 
have done reversal of INR2 crores against unhedged foreign currency. We have done a reversal 
of INR4 crores against provision for non-banking assets and we have done INR1 crore reversal 
as against provision for fraud. 
Netting of all of this, for the quarter, it comes to INR198 crores. The same number for Q4, 
provision was INR134 crores because of, the other thing, which I talked about, substantial 
recovery etcetera which happened. The same numbers towards a provision for NPIs is INR56 
crores. That was specifically to the quarter 4, which was not there for this quarter. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
And then standard asset reversal provisioning was INR18 crores for Q4. FITL reversal of INR16 
crores. And we had to provide INR2 crores towards unhedged foreign currency. That's what got 
reversed this quarter. And then INR6 crores towards other impaired assets, which again has come 
down to minus -- I mean, INR1 crore, reversal of INR1 crore loan. So total for the Q4 was INR39 
crores as against INR198 crores, Q4, it was INR39 crores. But if you look at it, this was primarily 
due to provision for NPA, which had a substantial reversal in Q4. 
While the overall NPI, I mean, as I showed earlier, this provision for NPA also includes INR38 
crores, which are provided towards credit cards, which was actually netted off in the last -- till 
last quarter. 
Vikash Baid: 
Okay. Thank you. And the other, through the rest of the year, are we likely to see similar 
provisions? Or is it to be more moderate than this? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
I think, typically, Q1 slippages are on the higher side. So we are continuing to hold the guidance 
of INR1,500 crores slippage for the full year. So we certainly expect it to moderate in the coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, if I adjust as you said, the NPA recovery, right, if I adjust for that in the NII, the NII growth 
is around 1% quarter-on-quarter. That would mean that your margins would have still declined 
versus fourth quarter. And then you estimate full year margins rise of around 20 basis point. So 
what are the levers in a scenario, where the growth is still coming from corporate, which is very 
competitive; b, the cost of deposit would still ideally rise. And the yield expansion is likely to 
be more plateaued. So I wanted to understand your thoughts there? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. Yes, good question. See first, let me tell you the, when the increase in cost re-pricing of 
deposit happens, depending on the ability of each business line, we are able to pass on. Just to 
give you a sense. Amongst all the businesses, the business which was able to pass on higher cost 
is actually corporate. Though corporate is very competitive in terms of end price to the customer. 
But the ability to pass on has actually been demonstrated very well in our corporate book, 
number one. 
Number two, your overall NIM will start increasing as you keep increasing your composition of 
your unsecured. Today, my unsecured book is less than INR3,000 crores, INR1,900 crores 
towards PL and about INR925 crores towards credit card. This, we definitely expect it to be 
growing because it is still today at a very low level in comparison to my overall retail book also 
and overall asset book also. So you know that this comes at a good NIM. 
And we are actually hoping that we have got -- we are coming now with two big initiatives, 
which are WIP, with which, hopefully, we'll be able to improve the traction of personal loan 
happening and credit card happening, with which we are expecting to see an increase in NIM 
going forward. Having said that, we will also continue to endeavor to pass on increasing costs 
across all other business lines too, so in terms of gold loan, in terms of SME loan all that also 
we will endeavor to keep on passing up of increase. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
But you're right, in terms of the re-pricing of deposits, we have done re-pricing to some extent, 
but then there is still some more to be done. Maybe by second half, you will be probably seeing 
moderation. We also hope that the regulators not increasing repo rate beyond 25 bps from the 
current level. Hopefully, after that it will stabilize. 
So I would tend to think that you can probably, may have to re-price a little more and then 
hopefully, to stay on. And from then on, their ability to pass on these increase in cost to the 
customer will decide the NIM traction going forward. Yes, I do agree that it's not going to be 
easy to take it to 3.5% level. We are currently at 3.34%. But our endeavor will definitely be to 
take it to that level because we are expecting some more recovery to happen in big accounts in 
the coming quarters, which will definitely help us to write-back some of the sacrificed interest 
income. With all that, we believe that we'll be able to take it forth for the full year at 3.5%. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Understood, sir. And secondly, while there is some reclassification maybe at the beginning of 
the financial year in terms of MSME, etcetera, but what is the reason for such a sharp drop in 
the MSME? Are we getting out priced by some of the competitors, or what is the situation there? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, this revision, which we have done in the beginning of the quarter is primarily to ensure that 
some of the group accounts of corporate, which were earlier booked under SMEs, because of 
the exposures being small, etcetera. Now we are realigning them to corporate so that the 
corporate can be serviced by a single relationship manager, whoever is handling the relationship. 
So that has led to some of the exposures moving from SME into corporate. 
And some of the exposures in SME, we had a fairly large exposure of excess of INR25 crores, 
etcetera, where we felt it makes sense to be handled by a large corporate team. And similarly, 
some of the individual retail loans, which were taken by SME borrowers, which were earlier 
booked under SME business, we have now moved them because the underlying loan is for the 
individual towards a LAP or towards a home loan or towards car loan, etcetera. We have now 
realigned them to the retail. 
So this is the initial rearrangement which you have done in the opening book of INR72,051 
crores, which we started the year with. But with respect to your question on book growth in 
SMEs, it's a combination of a few factors. Obviously, the fresh disbursement will add to the 
increase in book, and you will also lose your book because we want to do force exit, depending 
on the behavior of the customer. 
And also, there will be little bit of poaching, which can happen due to competitive pricing being 
offered by competition. So it's a combination of them, and therefore, we are not in a staring hurry 
to increase our SME book, because we know that it's a very difficult business. You'll have to be 
very, very careful in building that book. Even today, if you look at my first year’s, first quarter 
slippage, predominant contribution has come from SME of the past legacy book. 
So we will continue to be exercising caution in building this book. But so long as we are able to 
change the mix of the SMA book with more-and-more of core SME and supplement it with the 
bill discounting for SME, and we're able to maintain quality of the new book, we are fairly sure 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
that it will continue to yield a reasonably good income for us while maintaining the quality of 
the book. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And last, just one data point question, sir. Of the total recovery upgrade and write-off, I 
mean, if you can bifurcate into how much is the recovery upgrade and write-off separately for 
this quarter? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Give me a minute. 
Jai Mundhra: 
And meanwhile, sir, this INR155 crores of security receipts net NAV, is there any, let's say, I 
think the MTM has to happen every six months. So when does this gets off fully, I mean, when 
does it gets out of the balance sheet? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes, you are talking about SR? 
Jai Mundhra: 
SR, yes, sir. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
SR is actually provided far in excess, as I told you in the past, we have actually provided far in 
excess of what is needed. That was the reason why we had a dip in our Q3 numbers. So for the 
full year, if you look at it till March '24, we need to provide only INR7 crores. If we don't recover 
anything from the book, we need to provide only INR7 crores for the year ended March '24. And 
for the subsequent year of March '25, we are looking at INR103 crores, INR108 crores, INR111 
crores is what we are looking at for the next full year, if we don't recover anything. But as you 
can see, whenever we recover, we have a write-back coming in this, so therefore, we really don't 
foresee that to be an issue. 
But just to answer your earlier question, fresh slippages was INR468 crores for the quarter. And 
we have done a GNPA recovery of INR217 crores. And then we did a write-off of INR174 
crores. These are the breakup of what we have done in our opening balance of INR3,708 crores. 
So the  closing balance for GNPA is INR3,804 crores. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Arjun Bhatia from Bowhead Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
So in the last quarterly call, you had mentioned that credit cost for full year FY '24 would be 
around or close to 1% of loans. So I just wanted to clarify in that credit cost... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
1% to 1.25% is what we are holding. See I'm actually, let me put it this way. We are looking at 
asset growth to reach a book size of INR82,000 crores by the end of the year. And we are looking 
at a slippage of not more than INR1,500 crores for the full year. Therefore, with this in mind, if 
you sort of work it out, it will come to close to 1% to 1.25% as the credit cost. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Okay. Got it. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
As I said earlier, it has got lot of components within that. I mean, if you were to really look at 
the breakup of let me just spell that out, because in my earlier question also I had given some 
breakup because it's very easy to miss these numbers and probably we can misinterpret. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
So one is, when you look at the credit cost, we are talking about, one is loan loss provision. 
That's the number which we start with. Then we have a restructured and FITL where, if some 
account is becoming turning into NPA, then we will take that away from FITL or restructured 
provisioning. Then there is a security receipt, depending on the recovery, which happens, there 
is a reversal of provision which will happen because of the liquidation of security receipts. 
So then you are looking at the gross advance figure. So for the quarter, for the full year, if you 
look at it, we are looking at the loan loss provision. All these are estimated projections so I'm 
just telling you what we are actually trying to estimate. 
Loan loss provision for the full year, we are looking at INR698 crores. This is just to tell you 
this is against INR627 crores for the previous year. And restructured and FITL, we are expecting 
a reversal of INR75 crores, this is against INR124 crores reversal, which happened last year. So 
net-net, covid provision is anyway zero, therefore, total for the full year, we are expecting it to 
be INR624 crores as against INR503 crores. 
And security receipts reversal will happen for this quarter, which is INR77 crores. Last year, if 
you look at it, we had to provide extra -- towards security receipt in Q3 because of which last 
year, it looked at INR374 crores addition. Therefore, total provision, including SRs will be 
INR547 crores for this year as against INR877 crores for the previous year. So if you were to 
really look at INR82,000 crores as my gross advance book, I'm expecting credit cost to be far 
lower than what I'm projecting, but we would definitely endeavor to reach around 0.9% to 1% -
- 1% to 1.1% is what I want to take it as guidance. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Okay. That's helpful. And just INR547 crores, I guess, also includes this INR38 crores of FLDG 
on this provision that you've made, you're not expecting the write-back in your guidance of 
INR547 crores? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes, that we expect it to get reversed. Hopefully, we will get clarification, and we will expect it 
to get released. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
But sir, is it part of the guidance? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
We are expecting that to get reversed during the year. I mean in Q2 itself, if we will get 
clarification, we'll reverse it. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
So it is not part of your guidance, the number of 1%, 1.1% you are saying, you're not including 
this INR160 crores, right? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Not INR160 crores, INR38 crores. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Recurring every quarter, right? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No. It depends on how much credit card slippage happens. See, the FLDG basically is what? 
4.5%, we have got FLDG covered given by our Fintech partner. So whatever NPA happens, to 
that extent, we'll be compensated. So till now for Q1, we were at about INR38 crores, which we 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
are not providing earlier, which we had to provide because earlier we were netting it up. Now 
we have provided. 
And we are not considering FLDG which we actually received as an income for this quarter, 
though we have provided 100% fully in our provisioning. This, we expect it to get reversed 
hopefully after clarification because we are fairly sure that this is not applicable. Therefore 
INR38 crores, we will continue to show as a provision. But then the income part, which we are 
today showing as a depressed income, will get reflected in the income. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
And it will come in the other income? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes, other income, yes. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
So net impact is zero, whether... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. If you are taking it as income and if you're providing net impact would be zero. For this 
quarter, we have not accrued that as an income. We have only provided. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
So next quarter, you'll anyway provide it in your income? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Next quarter, if we did get -- if there is clarification comes, then we'll have to account for that 
as an income. So while provision will be continued to be maintained as per IRAC norms, we'll 
maintain that provision. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
And sir, lastly, just for clarification in your overall employee cost for this year, what are you 
projecting, the range? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
1% to 1.25%. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
No sir, employee cost actually the... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. You're talking about employee costs or credit cost. I heard it as credit cost. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Sir, employee cost. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Employee cost, see, what we have done, as explained earlier, we recruit people fairly for the full 
year in the beginning itself. From then on, it will be some small incremental numbers, which 
we'll keep recruiting depending on the attrition which happens and depending on the specific 
cases, which we are looking at. 
So and also this actuarial calculation, which we do, we will again keep doing it, at the end of the 
year, we will again do it and see whether there is any reversal, which we need to do or we need 
to provide anything extra. So again, this actuarial calculation also involves how much is the -- 
what is the view on interest rates in the market to go up and all that. So it's a complex calculation, 
as you know. So that we will take it up and see whether we need to either provide more or do 
the reversal at the end of the year. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Arjun Bhatia: 
So sir, I understand actuarial calculations. But is it just at a very rough cut level for your internal 
planning, like are you seeing a 5% increase in employee costs, are you assuming a 10% increase 
in employee cost a very rough cut, we understand nothing about future is static , just a rough cut 
number for everyone’s benefit 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, employee costs, frankly, I don't want you to take any guidance. What I just want to tell you 
is that we do provision based on what is likely settlement, which can happen between 
Association Union with the IBA. That we anticipate 15% to the increase which happening. 
Therefore, we have started providing -- hoping that it will be 15%, that we'll continue to do every 
quarter. That's the only thing which we can have for certainty. Rest all number of employees 
getting added or attrition, which is happening, all these are not numbers, which we can have a 
firm commitment to. 
So what we are trying to do is , whatever we are anticipating, we are -- as much wanting to 
provide upfront, so that we don't get any shock by the end of the day. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Arjun Bhatia, may we request that you return to the question queue for 
follow-up questions as there are several participants waiting for their turn. Our next question is 
from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
I just wanted to just clarify again, sir, on the NPA provision part of INR247 crores without 
reversal. So that correlates to the full year INR534 crores is that right, way to look at it? And 
this INR247 includes INR38 crores, so it's actually INR200 crores versus full year guidance for 
INR550 crores? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Just give me a minute. Let me first stick to the quarter 1. Quarter 1 is, for this quarter, we are 
talking about loan loss provision was INR243 crores. It includes INR38 crores, which we have 
provided towards credit card, where we have not factored the FLDG which we have received as 
income, we are not factoring that. Therefore, to that extent, I mean, if you really were to get the 
clarification, to some extent, it is overstated by INR38 crores. That is number one. Number two 
is… 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So this number was... Yes. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Let me first complete, for Q1, then I'll answer your -- ask your question. Second one is, 
depending on the FITL and restructure, where we do keep seeing reversal every quarter, this was 
INR43 crores for last quarter, and this is INR44 crores for this quarter. So this clearly depends 
on how much recovery happens and how much of SMA2 slips into NPA from the restructured 
book costs on the regular book. So the summation of that is what is causing this extra provision, 
which is to come as per that. Okay. 
So apart from this, the third factor which affects the provisioning is the SR. Depending on the 
redemption of SRs keep happening based on the recovery done by the ARC. So this, again, is a 
number. Since we have excessively provided towards SR in the previous quarters, we are only 
hoping that reversal of provision will happen as and when SR gets liquidated. So the combination 
of this is what we are seeing as for this quarter, it was INR175 crores as against INR113 crores 
for Q4 of last year. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Okay. So whatever I'm saying for the full year is based on the assumptions, which we are making 
each of these line items. Therefore, we can't really hold everything to the last digit, which I'm 
saying. By and large, we would want to look at -- I mean, as per our own estimate, we are looking 
at, do I say INR547 crores, it's a very aggressive number. I mean very, very extremely 
conservative number. 
For Q4, we ended with INR877 crores -- for the full year we ended with INR877 crores for last 
year and year before, obviously, due to COVID it was INR1,643 crores, and FY '21 it was 
INR1,603 crores. So if you want to really look at numbers of last three years, INR1,603, 
INR1,643, INR877 crores, So if you're really touching INR547 crores, which is what I'm saying, 
I think we should be really congratulating ourselves because it's too an aggressive number, which 
we are wanting to target. 
Realistically, I would probably factor INR700 crores to INR730 crores is what realistically 
which would happen. But obviously, our endeavor is to better this number. So if you take that 
into account, I'm talking about credit cost in the range of 0.9% -- I mean, 1% to 1.1% kind of 
level. Obviously, if we really were able to reach the number which I read out earlier, it will be 
far lower at 0.67%, which is in comparison to 1.22% for FY '23. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right, sir. So just again, coming back. So this INR247 million, I will exclude my credit card to 
bring it down to INR210 crores. And then that number, I can compare to the INR547 crores 
would that be right this first quarter INR210 crores versus INR547crores because reversal... 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
INR243 crores, see, credit card provision will -- whatever NPA, which we are showing in our 
credit card book, the provision for that will remain in the book. Since we are writing-off 100%, 
see we are writing-off 100% in 90 days. 
So we have provided for fully for the credit card slippages, which has happened to NPA. So any 
incremental provisioning which will happen will depend on how much the credit card is slipping 
into 90-plus. So IRAC norms says that you can provide, depending on your internal policy, and 
we have taken a policy to write-off provide 100%. 
So in a good scenario, where you are accounting for the full income of FLDG which we get, 
then it will be neutral because you are getting income of INR38 crores. And you have written-
off INR38 crores to that extent your provision is up by INR38 crores, and your income is up by 
INR38 crores. Therefore, it's neutral in terms of P&L. 
But going forward, depending on the clarification which you get in Q2, this impact of INR38 
crores will be seen if it's positively get back. As far as the provision is concerned, since you've 
written of 100% already, any incremental provision in that will be any incremental slippages 
which will happen in credit card, which will anyway be compensated by FLDG so long as it is 
within 4.5%. 
Moderator: 
Ms. Pallavi Deshpande, may we request you to rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. Our 
next question is from the line of Sidhanth Bhandari from Highwest Global. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Sidhant Dhandari: 
Earlier, you have given the guidance that the net slippages for fiscal year '24 will be roughly 
zero. So should we expect at least zero net slippages for the next three quarters or with some 
potential for reversal that we mathematically hit this number? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
The slippages, we gave a guidance of INR1,500 crores for the full year, which we are pretty 
much sticking to that. Though for Q1, it is... 
Sidhant Dhandari: 
No with the recoveries I'm saying, with the full year recoveries? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Full year is INR1,500 crores. We are sticking to that. 
Sidhant Dhandari: 
Net slippages or I thought, it was gross slippages? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Gross slippages is INR1,500 crores. We are expecting recovery and upgrade to happen to the 
extant of INR1,800 crores, which was INR1,812 crores for last year, which we want to target 
for this year, too. So but the INR1,800 crores, which we are targeting, as I said earlier, the setoff 
will happen towards sacrifices, which we've made in interest income and also the GNPA -- 
impact on GNPA coming down. So our endeavors is to reach 4.5% GNPA level by end of March. 
Sidhant Dhandari: 
Correct. So basically, yes, okay, so the recovery effectively next three quarters should broadly 
exceed. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhairya Trivedi from DJT Investments. Please go ahead. 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
My question is on the composition of the loan book. As I'm seeing the ticket size of loans more 
than INR100 crores have gone up in the value from INR8,900-odd crores in June of last year to 
about INR15,600 crores in Q1 of FY '24? So are we following a conscious strategy of increasing 
the wholesale book, and if you're assuming this could cause some potential issues in asset quality 
going forward? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, if you look at our corporate book 95% of our book is double -- I mean, A and above. So -- 
and we are -- and this we are talking about external rating of A and above. And we have -- apart 
from, of course, relying on excellent rating, we always do our own appraisal of such customers. 
Therefore, we believe that we are actually onboarding really high-quality corporate customers. 
So we don't really expect such customers to default. 
I mean if A and above, if we are not going to be trusting their probably of default, I am wondering 
how one can manage SME and other retail book. 
So we don't expect it to be that way. And also, what you should also factor into account is that -
- this is required for managing the overall composition of the book in order to maintain all your 
metrics. So retail and SME takes time to build. Even if you build aggressively a retail book, 
which no one should do, I'm saying you are INR100 crores or INR200 crores of personal loan 
getting added can potentially be a risky proposition, which obviously, unless you maintain -- 
manage it properly, you will end up actually having higher delinquency. 
So diversification of risk is certainly an important factor. Therefore, while we continue to have 
traction in retail, we should not lose up opportunities on -- corporate opportunities just coming 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
up. And as I said earlier in my earlier calls also, corporate is not just about credit relationship 
with the corporate. We actually penetrate this corporate through various other opportunities, 
which we get from corporate. Therefore, we are looking at many other things. I'll ask my 
Corporate Head to answer this further on what all she is seeing as an opportunity whenever we 
deal with corporate. 
Biji: 
So we can see the compositio n, as sir rightly mentioned, more than 96% is A or above. And of 
that also, more than 50% is AAA. And here also, we are giving a lot of focus to all the PSU 
companies where the bidding option comes up. And we have teams sitting across India around 
100 people are the feet on the street is that. So they will go and explore whatever possibility is 
there and when the rates are matching, and with the liquidity available for us. We are bidding 
and getting those opportunities. 
And when I am talking about the feet on the street with regard to the corporate RMs. Wherever 
they are going as I was mentioning, we follow the ecosystem concept where in, the corporate 
RM will be accompanied by sometimes with our forex RM, sometimes with the retail asset guy, 
sometimes digital partners and all those people will be accompanying the corporate RMs to find 
out what are all the opportunities in other areas. So that we can ring-side all the business that is 
happening around that corporate, including the employee, CASA the employer CASA, the 
digital opportunities that are available, the wealth opportunities about the investment, 
everything. 
So that's how we look upon the ROCE of a particular deal, when we enter into a particular deal. 
And we ensure that in most of the cases, it is above 10%. And if you can see, around 50% of the 
book is having ROCE above 20%. Thank you. 
Dhairya Trivedi: 
Okay. And sir, with regards to the credit cost, just one clarification. To one of the earlier 
participants, you mentioned that you're envisioning a credit cost of 1.8%. And later in the call, 
you said that you're expecting it to be between 1.1% and 1.2%. So what is the total provisions 
you're expecting for the year? Is it more like INR800 crores or something like INR1,400 crores, 
INR1,500 crores? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
See, I think when -- maybe I might have answered like 1.8%. That was a slippage ratio, which 
I'm talking about. Slippage ratio is going to be 1.8% to 1.9% for the year. This slippage used to 
be in excess of 2%, 3% in the previous years. So when we are talking about INR1,500 crores of 
slippages on the INR82,000 crores book, I am talking about slippage of 1.83%. So probably if I 
had sounded it like a credit cost, then probably, I was wrong. I probably was referring to the -- I 
mean, I was referring to the slippage ratio. With respect to credit cost, I continue to maintain 
that we are endeavoring to reach around 1% to 1.1%. That's the number which we are targeting 
for the year. Thank you sir and sir congratulations on a wonderful tenure in the bank and wish 
you all the luck in your future endeavours. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sri Shankar from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sri Shankar: 
First of all, nice to know that you have continued with what you have set across three years back. 
My quick question is, sir, we have had a steady view on the slippages effectively on SMA2, the 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
stressed account, we have been seeing it coming down. In this current quarter, we have seen a 
sharp jump. Do you think anything special has happened? Or we still continue to see the SMA2 
numbers continuing to remain on the lower side going forward? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. It's a good question. So certainly, yes, see, when we are managing the overall slippages 
ratio, you know that a lot of efforts go into keeping the accounts, not to slip into NPA, therefore, 
we also do continue to work with the customer not to let them slip into the higher buckets. So 
the way we manage this is that we look at SMA1 and SMA2 as one component for managing 
and the NPA is one component for managing. And we look at SMA0, which basically tells you 
the initial delinquency. 
So as a team, we are trying to look at SMA1 and SMA2 together and we are looking at slippages 
as one lot. So slippages, though, we had a slippage of INR460-odd crores this quarter, which 
was, as earlier explained, it was due to three specific accounts, big accounts which got slipped 
into NPA this quarter, which was earlier lying in SMA2, which slipped into NPA this quarter, 
like that there are accounts which obviously, especially SMEs, etcetera, where we are seeing 
also increase in slippage happening in the composition of INR460 crores, which we declared as 
slippage for this year, the contribution has also come from the legacy SME cases. 
So while the endeavor is to pull them back into SMA1 and SMA0 and some of them to make it 
as standard, I mean, to make it to come without any default or delay, it's a continuous effort, 
which we need to put in to ensure that they are maintained. 
So long as, I mean, the way I would look at it is SMA1 plus, SMA2 as one bucket and slippage 
is one bucket, and SMA0, which generally happens due to technical reasons also, we definitely 
have an eye on that, but then we are not too worried about it. Whereas SMA1 and SMA2 together 
as a block and slippage as a block, we need to do a close watch on that. 
Yes, sometimes it happens that whatever you have been maintaining under SMA1 and SMA2 
do slip into showing as NPA. And like the say, in the same fashion, some of them which were 
lying as SMA1 can slip into SMA2, which we'll be able to pull it back to SMA1. So the way we 
manage it is to look at them as one block. 
So I'm not unduly worried about the increase, which is happening SMA2 for this quarter. We 
will definitely look at SMA1 and SMA2, if you look at SMA1 number, they have shown a 
decline. I'm sure Senthil can substantiate that with the numbers. Overall SMA1 plus, SMA2 put 
together, it's looked at as one block. Senthil you want to supplement my answer? 
Senthil Kumar: 
No. SMA1 and SMA2 together, I think they are in the zone of about INR1,900 crores to 
INR2,000 crores. I think there is some slippage, which happens in a quarter where SMA1 goes 
to SMA2, but overall, the numbers are about INR1,900 crores between the two of them. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Soumil Shah from Paras Investments. Please go ahead. 
Soumil Shah: 
Yes, sir. So if we see our net interest income this quarter was down, and last four consecutive 
quarters, we were seeing an uptick. So what was the reason for that? 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
I'd explain this reason earlier. I don't know whether you were there in the call during that time. 
Basically, this was -- I took lot of -- how we are accounting for whenever recovery happens from 
a large account, we actually attribute the recovery happening first towards the sacrifice of interest 
which we do, and then we're approaching it against the NPA. 
Therefore, such abnormal collection, which we do in any particular quarter will help us to reverse 
sacrifice interest, which was a very high number for Q4, and a much lower number for Q1 if it 
net that off actually NII has gone up by 1% for this quarter compared to last quarter. 
Soumil Shah: 
Okay. And from this quarter onwards, we can see an uptake going forward? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No, this will again be dependent on the recovery and upgrade which keeps happening in 
subsequent quarters. You might see some uptick also happening there. So for that quarter, your 
NIM might appear to be little higher also. So that's the reason why we saw 3.67% NIM for Q4 
and 3.34% NIM for this quarter. But for the full year, as a bank, we were at 3.3% for last year, 
and we are now at 3.34%, and we are endeavoring 3.5% for the full year. 
Soumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, still, we have no news on your success. So is there a probability that you can 
continue for another two, three quarters? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
No, we have actually sent our names to regulators, and we are expecting regulators to revert to 
us. We are expecting that to happen hopefully by mid of August. I mean, we can't really 
specifically ascertain any time. We hope that it will happen by -- and therefore, I mean I think 
I've expressed my interest not to continue, obviously, question of me continuing beyond 
September doesn't arise. We will definitely ensure regulators will take that into account. And we 
are expecting to get their replay soon. Once that happens, we'll come back to you announcing 
that. 
Soumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, one last question. For this financial year, I mean, can we target a four-figure mark 
for the net profit numbers? 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes, that's what we are endeavoring to do. INR1,000 crores is what we are targeting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question of our 
question-and-answer-session. I would now like to hand over the conference to the management 
for closing comments. 
Murali Ramakrishnan: 
Yes. I would like to thank all the participants, who took their time off to be part of this call and 
I also wanted the all the analysts who are part of the call to know that we have a very strong 
second line of leadership. And that's one reason why I had all our senior leadership to be part of 
this call, and also they have answered few questions which came on the way. 
And I just want to say that the endeavor, which we have taken to really put the bank in a good 
condition is based on the fundamental shifts we have done in all the areas, be it asset, be it 
liabilities, be it quality of sourcing, be it digitalization, be it the technology investment. 
Everywhere, we have taken a lot of efforts to put the fundamental blocks in place, and that's 
what is actually getting good traction in the way the bank is performing. 

      
South Indian Bank Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
So I just want to thank all of you for excellent support, which I've got all through my tenure of 
last three years. And we are continuing to show curiosity and ask many questions, definitely 
would help us also to correct some of the things which we were probably doing in a different 
way and so that we are aligned to what is expected from us by the market. So once again take 
this opportunity to profusely thank each one of you for the excellent support all of you have 
given during the entire tenure. 
And I'm sure you'll notice that the bank is poised for a much larger growth. The bank has huge 
potential to grow. And I would certainly expect this bank to be featuring among good medium-
sized banks a couple of years from now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
