ta
•
PIVEN
TURBINES
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED
CORPORATE OFFICE
8Floor, Express Trade Towers,
15-16, Sector 16A, Noida-201301, U.P.
Tel 91 120 4308000 /Fax 91 120 4311010-11
Date : August 08, 2023
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange ofIndia Ltd.,
Department ofCorporate Services,
Listing Department
'
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower,
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
MUMBAl - 400 001
MUMBAI - 400 051
Thru: BSE Listing Centre
Thru:NEAPS
STOCK CODE: 533655
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/ Investor's Conference Call held on 2" August, 2023
Dear Sirs,
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEB I (LODR) Regulations, 2015 and further to our letter dated pt
August 2023 , please find enclosed transcript of the Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 2d
August , 2023 post announcement of unaudited financial results of the Company for the Q 1 FY24
ended on June 30, 2023. The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at
:
https.www.triveniturbines.com.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You,
For Triveni Turbine Limited
Rajiv Sawhney
Company Secretary
Membership No A 8047
Encl : As above
Regd. Office : A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extn., Noida-201 305, U.P
CIN No. L29110UP1995PLC041834

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q1 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 2, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Triveni Turbine 
Limited Q1 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from 
CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating in 
the Q1 FY 24 earnings conference call of Triveni Turbine Limited. We 
have with us today on the call, Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Arun Mote, Executive Director; Mr. Lalit 
Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. S.N. Prasad, President, Global 
Sales - Products; Mr. Sachin Parab, President, Global Sales - 
Aftermarket; Ms. Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations and Value 
Creation, along with other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made 
in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a 
statement to this effect has been included in the invite, which was 
mailed to everybody earlier. I would also like to emphasize that while 
this call is open to all invitees, it may not be broadcasted or reproduced 
in any form or manner. 
 
We will start this call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have an interactive question-and-answer 
session. 
 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives with you 
with regard to the operations and outlook for the business. Over to 
you, Sir. 
 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab. And a very good afternoon to all our 
participants on this call. It with great pleasure that I have to share with 
you the results for Q1 FY 24 and as you may have seen from the 
releases to the Stock Exchanges that we have had another record 
quarter. 
 
In the first quarter of this financial year, Triveni Turbines has delivered 
not only a record turnover, but also record profitability, both at EBITDA 
as well as PBT levels, but also a record closing order book. The 
momentum in the revenue growth has remained strong during the 
quarter with a 45% growth in turnover over the previous year in the 
corresponding period. 
 
The Company has made a concerted effort over the last few years to 
expand its international presence, as well as enhance its aftermarket 
portfolio, which you could see is already paying fruit in our execution. 
The efforts continued to yield results and the same was witnessed 
during the quarter with EBITDA and profit after tax registering higher 
growth of 50% and 59% respectively as compared to the previous 
corresponding period. 
 
Robust order booking of ₹ 4.53 billion was our order booking in the first 
quarter of financial year FY 24, an increase of 26% y-o-y and that led to 
a record outstanding carry-forward order book on June 30, 2023 of ₹ 
14.05 billion, an increase of 31.4% y-o-y. 
 
Investments, including cash at the end of the quarter were at ₹ 7.47 
billion, an increase of 11.3% from March 31, 2023.  
 
On the ordering and order book, we are enthused by the order booking 
in the international markets during the quarter. The team has done a 
fantastic job in terms of reaching out to newer customers and newer 
geographies, and in terms of being able to penetrate into newer 
markets, as well as get more orders from existing customers, which 
already enhances our already high repeat customer base.  
 
The international market during the quarter grew by 128% and 
contributed to more than half, actually 53% of the overall order 
booking. The progressive improvement bodes well for future sales, and 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
a healthy mix uplifts the profitability along with creating more future 
business opportunities for the Company. 
 
The product demand remains robust in both the domestic and global 
markets. Our wide geographic reach is captured in our order booking in 
the quarter, where we received orders from Europe, Southeast Asia, 
Africa and the Americas. Both industrial and API drive turbines 
contributed to these orders.  
 
The product order booking for the first quarter increased by 20% y-o-y 
to ₹ 3.08 billion, with demand from a diverse set of industries such as 
sugar, distilleries, steel, independent power producers, oil and gas, to 
name a few.  
 
And despite the macroeconomic concerns, the Company boasts of a 
robust enquiry pipeline, which increased on a global level by 22% y-o-y 
in the first quarter, with a noticeable improvement in the domestic 
enquiries as well, which improved by over 56% in the current quarter.  
 
Coupled with contribution from orders in the SADC region was 
servicing utility turbines, order booking for the aftermarket segment 
grew by 43% y-o-y to ₹ 1.46 billion during the first quarter of FY 24. At 
the end of the quarter, the Company had a record closing order book, 
as I had already said of ₹ 14.05 billion, an increase of 31%.  
 
Export sales grew at 88% during the first quarter and the contribution 
to overall sales inched up to 48% as compared to 37% in the previous 
corresponding quarter. 
 
Our aftermarket business has been expanding its horizons through a 
wider array of customer solutions, going beyond industrial steam 
turbines to other rotating equipment while expanding its global 
footprint. As a result, during Q1 FY 24, aftermarket sales grew at a 
remarkable 91% over the previous corresponding period and 
contributed to 34% of total sales, up from 26% at the same time last 
year. The segment has been focusing on driving growth in the higher 
value-added components such as refurbishment and garnered good 
success in upgradation and efficiency enhancement orders in the 
quarter under review. 
 
As far as technology and R&D goes, Triveni Turbines prides itself as 
being a technology-focused and a technology-first company, and in 
that regard, the Company's global focus and outreach are evident in its 
constant effort to file for patents and industrial design registrations in 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
various international jurisdictions, while simultaneously expanding its 
intellectual property portfolio in India.  
 
The Company has filed in excess of 330 Intellectual Property Rights 
(IPRs), and it continues to enhance its product portfolio and research 
efforts on a quarterly basis. As a forward-thinking organization, Triveni 
Turbines remains committed to spearheading this energy transition 
through research and development, and we believe these efforts will 
continue to drive sustainable growth for the years to come.  
 
This includes research not only on our current range of products to 
enhance efficiency and to cater to niche applications, but also in newer 
areas, which we've talked about in the past, such as our research into 
carbon dioxide (CO2) based applications. As we look forward, as I've 
already indicated, our enquiry book remains robust, which gives us 
visibility into order booking in the next several quarters. The team 
remains committed to continuing the growth path that we had in the 
previous year. But this is all backed by the market segment in which we 
play. 
 
If we look at it from the perspective of industrial heat and power 
solutions and decentralized renewable energy solutions, this is the 
name of the game as we speak today. Of the total global primary 
energy demand over 50% of demand comes from the requirement of 
heating and cooling and we believe that 25% of that of heating and 
cooling requirements comes from industrial uses, which is exactly the 
space, in which Triveni Turbines provides its solutions.  
 
So, with that, ladies and gentlemen, I'm happy to take questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentleman, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. We have our first question from the line 
of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Very good afternoon, Sir. Congrats on a very good set of numbers. My 
first question is with respect to the API business, what is the progress 
there in terms of reach, in terms of customer addition, in terms of that 
as a proportion of the overall business? Where do you see it over the 
next two to three years, if you can give more clarity on that would be 
great. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, ﬁrstly, thank you. Thank you, Ravi. Yes. We've had a very good 
quarter and we aim to sustain that for the year, as well as in the future. 
On the question of API, I'm going to ask my colleague, Mr. S.N. Prasad, 
to give some visibility. But as you know, we don't provide numbers 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
around our visibility. Suffice it to say that, as you know, capital 
investment is lumpy on a quarterly basis. But when we look at it on an 
annual spread, there is going to be suﬃcient and substantial growth. As 
we've indicated in the past, that we had a negligible market share and 
we aim to improve that going forward. 
 
Our efforts and endeavour in the API market are not only for drive 
turbines, which have direct applications in terms of driving equipment, 
such as pumps, blowers, compressors, etc, but it's also to provide 
power solutions with API requirements. So, Prasad, can you provide a 
little bit of visibility as to both how we see the API market developing in 
the domestic and international market, and our reach, and what 
constraints you may face? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
So, API market-wise, today, we have a very strong enquiry pipeline. we 
are quite positive the way how the enquiry pipeline is growing. And 
today, acceptability-wise, we are accepted as an approved vendor, 
across the globe, and from many regions, we are participating. As our 
Vice Chairman mentioned, it is not only Drive turbines. So, we have an 
enquiry pipeline even on the Power turbines, that’s the power-
generating API machines. So, that way, based on enquiry pipeline, we 
are quite conﬁdent that things are moving as we anticipated, and we 
are on the right track. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My second question is, with respect to the size of that margin any 
rough sense sir as to how much could it be from domestic, how much 
could it be domestic, export or Middle East or something of that sort? 
Any rough sense? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
So, the market size estimates, right now, we are into the market where 
it is a Drive and Power turbine. So, that's probably, oﬄine we'll be able 
to share that thing, still some of those data points, we feel that are a 
little conﬁdential at this point of time. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay, Sir. Not an issue. And my third question is with respect to the 
order booking, the domestic order booking had been kind of slightly on 
a softer side, is it something that kind of an aberration and the overall 
trend in the domestic CapEx environment is still strong and this might 
get common in the subsequent quarters? Any sense on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. On your question on the volatility on domestic order booking, as I 
was suggesting before I got cut off that quarter-on-quarter, you will see 
certain variations, but the general trend of both the size of the market, 
the domestic market, as well as our order booking in the domestic 
market will improve. So, we are quite confident of our participation 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
and our market share in the domestic market, as well as the growth of 
the domestic market. In Q1, the total domestic order booking was in 
excess of ₹ 200 crore, and we believe that Q2 will present a much 
better figure. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from 
Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
So, just continuing from the previous participant's question, so I think a 
couple of quarters back, you have mentioned that the metals segment 
has been a bit soft and now in this quarter's domestic order intake, we 
see that there was a decline at least on the product order intake. So, 
could you give a sense on how the metals segment is performing? So, is 
it that the CapEx has slowed down a bit and therefore there is a little 
bit softness in the demand? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, actually I think it's both from an order booking and enquiry book 
perspectives. And as we look at Q2, the metals segment seems to be 
quite robust. I'll ask Mr. Prasad to give a little bit more visibility around 
it. But you see large integrated steel manufacturers are really not doing 
much greenﬁeld, brownﬁeld expansion. It's more of the smaller rolling 
mills, sponge iron units, etc., and the smaller integrated facilities that 
are expanding. So, Prasad, if you can provide some visibility, please. 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
So, coming to the metal segment, especially our presence is there in 
sponge iron and pig iron rerolling segment, where again, waste heat 
recovery is one of the increasing trends in that segment. So that's why 
enquiry pipeline, as well as order booking from this segment. Now, we 
have not seen any decline in that, and the enquiry pipeline is quite 
strong, because as these expansions happening in the sponge iron and 
ferroalloy plants, we are getting attraction of these waste heat 
recovery opportunities. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Sir, just a follow-up to that, what percentage of steel or 
cement capacity in India has already got WHR installed? And where do 
you think that number could reach, let's say in the next three to five 
years? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
As we've said in previous calls, typically when cement capacity is 
established, waste heat recovery capacity is not ordered at the same 
time. While for steel, usually it is. So, when you have an expansion of 
capacity on the steel side, you do actually then have incremental 
demand on waste heat recovery. And so therefore, the growth of the 
waste heat recovery market for the steel segment is directly 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
proportionate to the growth of capacity in that industry in terms of 
output. 
 
At the same time, from the cement side, we would imagine that 
approximately 15% odd to 20% of the cement capacity currently has 
waste heat recovery installed. But as you would know, the push 
towards being more energy eﬃcient and being more aligned towards 
decarbonization is spurring people to install waste heat recovery in all 
sectors. That coupled by higher energy prices, makes it very economic 
for companies to go into these investments. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is on our South Africa region. I believe 
last year, we had achieved almost 15% to 20% of our overall 
aftermarket orders from this particular segment, from those large 
utility level customers. So, could you give a sense of, has there been 
any further progress on that? Any more customers we have been able 
to capture? Any incremental order from the same customer? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I don't want to get speciﬁc about our particular order. But yes, we did 
report it as a separate item just because it was material enough to be 
reported in that manner. Also, the cost of that particular order was put 
in a separate line item and the P&L so as to give better visibility around 
the overall raw material consumption of the business and also to 
provide a little bit of focus on how we are controlling costs for this 
particular order itself. 
 
But as you rightly said, the segment is large in terms of utility turbines, 
and it provides us with capabilities and references for us to use in many 
different geographies. Sachin Parab is our President of Aftermarket; I'll 
just ask him to give a little bit of visibility without being too speciﬁc in 
terms of which are the orders he is looking at. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yes. To answer your question, the particular market that you 
mentioned, we are having consistent business growth in that market. 
So, we are seeing good level of enquiry pipeline, there are increased 
customers also from the same geography. Besides, this has helped us 
create references for other geographies and we see a healthy enquiry 
pipeline build up in other geographies with similar nature of business. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Amit Anwani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
My ﬁrst question is on the exports market, you did mention that there 
is a robust opportunity, and we are also focusing on increasing orders 
from existing customers and penetrating into new markets. Just 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
wanted to understand broadly, and generality, if you can highlight 
which markets we are targeting to penetrate and which set of 
segments, customers or products we are looking for better potential in 
the coming quarters. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. As you know, we've always said that our internationalization 
effort has not been complete or something that we need to put a lot 
more focus on. But despite that, where we do see enquiries and 
visibility of orders coming from is in segments around renewable 
energy power generation, both in terms of feedstock of biomass or 
solid municipal waste incineration, but also waste heat recovery. And 
so, segments like this are very pronounced in areas like Europe, which 
has a very strong capital outlay towards its energy transition. Areas 
such as Southeast Asia are also a big focus to us, given the growth that 
is happening in fixed capital formation there, and that is more from 
traditional industries, as well as certain renewable energy power 
generation based on biomass. But for us, a great focus is going to be in 
America over the next several quarters, just because our penetration 
level in that market has been limited. 
 
And as we look forward, the U.S. market and North America, which has, 
in excess of $25-26 trillion of economic output, has a huge requirement 
in all segments of growth. Their own push towards the Inﬂation 
Reduction Act seems to be spurring fresh capacity ordering for 
renewable energy power generation, which is really the product that 
we supply. So, from a global perspective, the climate change mandate 
seems to be beneﬁting us in our segment of operation. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. I also wanted to understand on the other end, you did highlight a 
strong enquiry pipeline across sugar, distilleries, steel, cement, so any 
trend you are witnessing, any particular, pockets where we are seeing 
very strong relative enquiries and any pockets, where we are 
witnessing orders or something like that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
In the domestic market, what we can say is that there hasn't been a 
sudden spurt in ordering. And so there hasn't been a sudden growth, 
meaning multiple times ordering, which we may have seen in the past. 
And so, we see the growth in ﬁxed capital formation to be much more 
sustainable going forward. Large industry has not really been ordering 
to as large an extent, it's been more focused on small, medium 
enterprises. 
 
And so, we see as India has to add basic capacity from everything from 
steel, cement, paper, any commodity in the near future that we'll be 
able to sustain this growth. And I think that it's a much better thing for 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
the industry in general, both the capital goods industry, as well as the 
end-user industries, because they will have a more gradual capacity 
enhancement. So, when we look at it, of course, in speciﬁc industries, 
they change from quarter to quarter. But in general, all sectors need to 
be represented in our enquiry book. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Great. So, is it fair to assume that we'll continue with 25% plus growth 
for the next two years, three years and similar margins, or there's any 
scope of sustainable improvement? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I hesitate to give numbers. A couple of years ago, we were asked and 
hesitantly, we gave a number of growing at over 35% for FY 23 and FY 
24. As our results for FY 23 were already signiﬁcantly better than that 
in Q1 FY 24 is already signiﬁcantly better than that as well. So, we're 
quite conﬁdent about growth. The main thing is that the growth 
shouldn't come at the cost of our margins. Our margins are something 
that we have consistently said that we'd like to have a PBT margin in 
excess of 20%, which is something that we will maintain. And while 
maintaining those margins, we want to actually drive growth as much 
as possible. And that will come from all segments, new product growth, 
new product sales, aftermarket segments, both from expanding our 
traditional spares and servicing offerings, but also our refurbishment 
offerings to new areas and newer growth markets, and then 
establishing newer products markets such as API, etc. 
 
So, all in all, I think that we seem quite conﬁdent, given our enquiry 
book, that we will be able to sustain order booking, and our order 
booking ultimately reﬂects on our revenue. And as you know, our order 
book gives us approximately nine months to ten months of revenue, 
and so we do have a signiﬁcant amount of book and bill within the 
current year. Pretty much all of Q1 comes into billing of a current 
ﬁnancial year, and spares go all the way up to possibly Q3 even, part of 
Q3. So, there's a lot of book and bill which can come into a revenue of a 
ﬁnancial year, which is over and above the order book at the beginning 
of a ﬁnancial year. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
All right, sir. Lastly, on this SADC, just need more clariﬁcation. Last year, 
we booked about ₹ 87 odd crore as a subcontracting expense for SADC, 
and that impacted our margins by 140-150 bps. Will this be a recurring 
expense in coming year, and any ballpark number for FY 24 you would 
like to indicate? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. I don't know if we actually gave a deﬁnitive cost or number on 
what we would incur, but we did say this is a large value order, and we 
were representing it separately, because it not only allowed us to 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
enhance our service offering, but also expanded our reach into a 
speciﬁc market. We will continue with this order. And hopefully, we 
will be expanding the scope of it also, which should have impact on 
margins positively. But all-in-all, if you look at this particular order in its 
entirety, and the way that it impacts Triveni Turbines’ margins, we're 
still comfortable with it. It's a very comfortable margin and something 
that we feel that allows us to participate with our mandate of ensuring 
that we have PBT in excess of 20%. 
 
But having said that, our order book, as you know, for the previous 
year has a higher percentage of aftermarket, as well as international 
orders as part of it, which both lend to a certain degree of conﬁdence 
that we will be able to sustain margins if not improve them. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from 
SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
I joined a little late, pardon me if this was asked. So, on a trailing 12-
month basis, what was the size of market in domestic and international 
or if you could share what has been our market share numbers 
domestic as well as international? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, our market share numbers are quite good. They still are 
maintained. Our international market share has gone up obviously, 
because of our increased order booking. But I did allude to the fact that 
the market in India has grown somewhere in the region of about 30-
35% in Q1. But that really shouldn't be looked at from an annual basis. 
We think that the annual market growth for Indian steam turbines will 
be somewhere in the region of about 25% odd this year. 
 
At the same time, our enquiry book has increased by about 56% for the 
domestic market in the ﬁrst quarter. So, the international market and 
overall, our enquiry book has grown in excess of 22% that's driven by 
the fact that the international market is of course, a much larger 
percentage and a much larger size of our enquiry base. And so, we're 
quite comforted by the fact that both enquiry books have grown. And 
so, as you know, it is the international market that provides us with 
visibility into where we would be able to quote and our percentage of 
winning orders is much better once we actually have that visibility. So, I 
think that without answering a question in terms of speciﬁc numbers, 
we do have growth in the market, and we do have our participation at 
a high level. 
 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. So, for just, I mean, I know you mentioned, but indicatively what 
could be our market share in the international, not this quarter but if 
you take on a one-year basis? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We have to look at the constraints of the fact that we don't participate 
in the Chinese market or the Japanese markets, which are both large 
markets, of course, China being very large. We have limited presence in 
the United States. And so, when we do look at market share with all 
the constraints put out, as well as the fact that there's no formal 
reporting of orders, and so we're reporting it based on the orders that 
we are seeing, we would probably have a market share somewhere in 
the region of about 25% odd. But that's again, with the constraint of 
the fact that these are the orders that we are seeing. We may not be 
seeing a lot of the market as well. And this is excluding China. 
 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
I understand. Could you give us some color on headway into greater 
than 30 (MW) order wins?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Of course, we've stopped distinguishing below 30 and above 30, as you 
would have noticed in our calls. But we have good headway. I'll ask 
Prasad to give you some direct visibility on where we're seeing this, 
both in the domestic and international markets and the success that 
Triveni Turbines has had. Prasad? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
So, 30-100 MW, as our VCMD mentioned that there is no separate 
treatment we are giving. But anyhow, since the question is speciﬁc, 
yes, 30-100 MW, we have a good enquiry pipeline from domestic, as 
well as international pipelines. So, these 30-100 MW in a speciﬁc area, 
sometimes what happens is a 29 MW enquiry suddenly will shift to 
30.1 MW or vice versa. So, that is the reason we don't track. But 
otherwise, the enquiry pipeline is good and there is an order booking 
numbers also got added into the base. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
And we are getting orders, Prasad. You should mention that we are 
getting orders in this case both in the higher ranges of that segment 
that you talked about Bhavin, and we are conﬁdent that we will be 
getting more in this space as we go forward. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay 
from O3 PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Hi. Congratulations on great set of numbers. I had a question, which is 
we've stated last time also that our market share is around 24-25% in 
the markets, where we are present or what we are seeing currently 
also. And we are not present in China and Japan, okay? Why Japan? 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
What are the challenges in the Japan market and its size? Can you 
elaborate on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Historically, the fact is that the Japanese have bought Japanese 
equipment. It's been both a question of speciﬁcation and 
standardization on documentation, as well as other standards that they 
have. And it's something that we believe is not completely necessary 
for us to go into for the market itself, but they are Japanese EPCs 
(Engineering, Procurement, and Construction) that operate around the 
world, who we do partner with. The Chinese market itself is very 
insular and the standards that they use our speciﬁc to standards that 
only Chinese domestic manufacturers can comply with. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And see, this refurbishment business and aftermarkets has been 
growing and we had a thought that once we establish ourselves in 
refurbishment and aftermarket, we would also start getting more new 
product orders also with presence in those markets. Is the strategy 
working? How successful are we with that thought process and what is 
the way forward? Because 24-25%, can it be 33-34% or you need to 
add some, any more thoughts on that of how to increase the market 
share? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, our attempt is to win every order. Don't get me wrong. The fact is 
that our ﬁrst attempt is to grow our visibility into the market. And so 
you're partly right about the fact that our refurbishment initiatives 
have led to greater visibility, which is also most deﬁnitely leading to 
product orders. But the product orders are also coming because, over 
the last couple of years, the market has also expanded, both from a 
perspective of ﬁxed capital formation in the industry, but also 
renewable energy power solutions. So, both have led to growth. And 
our market share is something that, well, there is a time lag, as you 
would always imagine, between getting orders and refurbishment, 
executing them, building credibility and trust in a speciﬁc region, and 
then getting product orders. This is not a quarter-by-quarter type of 
conﬁdence that you can give. It happens over a longer period of time. 
Suffice to say that, yes, the strategy is working. But, we need to do 
more. So, there is more to do. There is more that we need to do to 
internationalize. There is more that we need to do to be closer to 
customers. There is more that we need to do to enhance our product 
platform and technology. And so, we are enhancing our capabilities on 
the manpower side in terms of adding more people to aid in this 
endeavour. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. This refurbishment market would be multiple of what the new 
product market would be overall?  

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
A refurbishment as a business, it means third party services and for us 
that's third-party rotating equipment services. It's sort of like a very, it's 
a very undeﬁnable market, which is massive, you could consider 
everything from utility turbines to compressors to gas turbines, which 
may technically be under the mandate of our business. 
 
So, a market share in this space is meaningless for us to consider. What 
is more important is the capability that you have to execute these 
orders, how close you are in terms of both proximity as well as 
technological alignment with customers to be able for them to have 
the conﬁdence to place these orders on you. And so, we have to 
enhance our capabilities, which is not always in the physical asset side, 
which on the refurbishment side. It has a play in terms of having people 
physically present, as well as technology and other aspects of branding 
as well. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
No, see, my question was, is the refurbishment product or the size of 
the business opportunity signiﬁcantly larger than the new product sales 
also globally? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. That's what I'm trying to say. The fact is, it may be thousands of 
times larger, hundreds of times larger. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bimal Sampat, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yeah. Good afternoon. I joined a little late. So, two things I want to 
understand. One is we are talking about future focus in USA. So, is it for 
product also or only for refurbishment? And second thing, like South 
Africa, we are very successful. Do we have in the immediate future, say 
next one year, have we ﬁnalised any other location for establishing a 
setup? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Very good question. Very frankly, the Board has not taken any decision 
on any speciﬁc capital investment anywhere. But as management and 
as a Board, we do continuously look at the routes for international 
expansion for the Company. And internationalisation of our efforts is 
something that is paramount in all management within Triveni 
Turbines. The U.S., as well as other markets, are focus for us. I just 
pointed out that the U.S. in speciﬁc, because it's a very, very large 
market, and it has many good things going for it in this current point in 
time. As you would imagine, as I said, our installed base in the U.S. is 
really not very large. And so therefore any entry strategy like we did in 
South Africa would base itself on refurbishment. But the premise 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
would be that product sales would follow very quickly also. Does that 
answer your question? 
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Yeah. And I mean, other than USA, which other, Europe we are 
concentrating or we are concentrating on Africa, or, Asia? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The global market is very large as you imagine and there are many 
areas that you've already spoken of, which are priority areas for us. 
Given the growth that we have as a company of 45% odd on a quarterly 
basis, there is a limit to what the management can do. And so, we have 
to be more focused. And so right now, we evaluate many different 
markets. The question is, how quickly will those translate into results is 
what is most paramount.  
 
Bimal Sampat: 
Right. As a shareholder, I'm very happy with the decisions you are 
taking, very conservative and very focused. And just one last question 
that now, again, our cash reserves are building up, so any guidance? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, let me put this in perspective for you, last time we did a buyback 
and that was something that was appreciated by shareholders, we did 
receive comments on that. Currently, as I pointed out our cash reserve 
is somewhere in the region of ₹ 747 crore, but as a Company that 
operates on negative working capital, we have about ₹ 400 crore of 
customer advances as well. 
 
We take a prudent view that right now really cash isn't a problem, we 
have a payback policy to shareholders, which we aim to maintain to 
ensure that we are giving a percentage of our proﬁtability back, and we 
aim to maintain that, there is no change in policy. Whether it is 
buyback or how, the Board will have to decide what is the route. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Yeah. Hi. Nikhil, I just have two questions. Firstly, did you say, in FY 24 
we expect around 25% growth in above 1 MW market domestically? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, ﬁrstly, hi, Amit. No. I said that we are looking at the Indian market 
growing over 25%. Our order book is out there for you to see. So, how 
it will be executed. 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Sure. Fair, fair. And secondly, the aftersales, it's really heartening to see 
after a couple of years, the run rate has changed to almost double 
quarterly aftersales orders. What is the current market share we would 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
be having in the global aftersales market and what percentage of total 
business is non-Triveni turbines? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, as you know, global aftermarket is not a market that we track 
from a competitive viewpoint, because very frankly, from our own 
installed base of spares and service, we do tend to provide solutions 
on the aftermarket side, to a majority of these customers, and 
nearly all of them. So that is not a concept of market share, but it 
has been growing given the fact that you do have an increased 
installed base. So, as our installed base grows, the spares and servicing 
grows by itself. Refurbishment, which is our third-party service 
offering as a percentage of total aftermarket sales has also been 
growing, as you would imagine. 
 
 
Certain orders, such as what we took in the South African development 
region, etc., have spurred on the refurbishment business, which we 
always felt was a growth area for the Company, because of a really 
undeﬁned and a very, very large end market. So, we aim to continue 
that strategy of increasing refurbishment as a percentage of 
aftermarket. At this point in time, we really don't split the data to give 
it to you, but it is substantial, and we aim for that to grow very rapidly. 
Does that answer your question, Amit? 
 
Amit Mahawar: 
Yeah. That’s helpful. I mean maybe, so what's the sales force and the 
employee base outside India for us, including the service network? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
We don't actually give that, something that is what we will be growing 
quite substantially going forward. That is our focus, both in terms of 
having Indian personnel and Indian citizens, but also expats. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from 
LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi, Sir. Thank you so much for opportunity. Most of my questions have 
been answered. Just one question. So, what kind of growth we are 
anticipating in the international market for this year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Unfortunately, we don't give speciﬁc data. But as you see, the track 
record of what we have for Q1 is something that we would aim to 
maintain. We see the international market adding substantially to our 
growth going forward. But having said that, with one month of Q2 
having gone by, our product ordering and aftermarket ordering in the 
domestic market has also been very good. 
 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
So, both seem to have a market, which is acceptable to our product 
offering and service offering. Just to put it in a little bit of an idea as to 
why the market exists, and it's really understanding that the concept of 
industrial heat and power is a distinct segment, which really cannot be 
disrupted by wind and solar, because to produce heat through 
electricity is a very expensive form. 
 
And so, we tend to look at primary energy consumption on a basis of 
exajoules, and if you look at it from a global basis of about 600 
exajoules of primary energy demand, India currently has a demand of 
somewhere in the region of about 36 odd exajoules as of 2022. And if 
we see that going to about 50 exajoules in the next ﬁve years, what you 
ﬁnd is that, remaining 14 GW, approximately 60% of that is going to be 
in the need for heating and cooling. 
 
And so, electricity really isn't the correct form of doing it. We ﬁnd that 
we're in the right space to be able to provide this solution to both 
domestic and international clients. And this is only reinforced with the 
push towards energy transition and climate change. 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So, on a qualitative perspective, is it fair to assume that growth in 
international business could be faster than the domestic? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. We believe that would be the long-term trend for sure. Quarter-
to-quarter, it will depend on where orders come from, but the longer-
term trajectory is deﬁnitely that international as a percentage of sales 
and order book would be higher for Triveni Turbines. But this is not to 
take away from the fact that we aim to maintain our market share in 
India. We are just being conservative and we think that the Indian 
market will grow at a steady pace rather than growing very quickly as 
happened in the 2008-2011 time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mythili Balakrishnan 
from Alchemy Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions here. I wanted to 
check with you on your market share in India and also, like, what are 
you seeing in terms of the competition in this particular market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, our market share historically has been very good. We've reﬂected 
this as a duopoly market in a majority of customer requirements and 
applications. There are a number of players in the market. 
 
The competitive intensity is something that is the same. We haven't 
seen a change for a number of years. So, we're quite comfortable with 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
where the competition sits. There is intense competition, don't get me 
wrong. The fact is that price competition directly as the market 
expands becomes a little bit less. But I think, for full year ﬁnancial year 
FY 23, we had a market share somewhere in the region of about 45-
50% for the entire market up to 100 MW. Historically, in the market 
below 30 MW, we had a much higher market share and we aim to 
continue with that trend. We don't see things changing fundamentally. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Okay. And also, in terms of this API business across both the ones that 
you mentioned, Power and Drive, could you just help us understand 
how much percentage of your order book is sort of coming from this 
kind of a business and also some of the newer products that you had 
mentioned earlier, which is your carbon dioxide cooled turbines, etc.? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. The carbon dioxide is more research right now. We will have to 
provide some more visibility in the next several quarters as to where 
that business sits, and how we see our strategy playing out there. We 
are very conﬁdent that it will have a distinct value proposition and 
something that can be taken to market quickly. 
 
On the API demand as a percentage of sales, unfortunately we don't 
break that up, but suﬃce to say that it is a large market and it's a 
market that we have a dedicated focus on. We think that this is a 
market of high speciﬁcations. And so therefore it's a market that us 
allows us to exhibit our true characteristics as a technology provider. 
And it is, of course, therefore, a higher-margin product. So, we're quite 
happy with that space and something that Prasad answered a little 
while ago, when another participant did ask the same question. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
But, would it be, say, 5-6% of our sales currently? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. It would probably be single digit. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Single-digit. Got it. And my last question was on the CapEx, which is 
that we added one bay, I believe, at our Sompura plant. But given the 
kind of demand that you're seeing, etc., are there plans to sort of add 
more or look at increasing capacity further? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Let me ask Arun Mote, our CEO and Executive Director to answer that 
question. Arun? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yeah. You're right. We added one extra bay at our new facility at 
Sompura. It is fully operational, and we can cater to about 300-plus 
turbines very easily, and that is also more ﬂexible, so as far as the 
assembly capacity is concerned, we don't expect any issues, and we 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
have our other subcontractors and associates, which are also 
augmenting their capacity in line with this. So, capacity will not be an 
issue for many coming years, at least four, ﬁve years. 
 
Mythili Balakrishnan: 
Correct. And in terms of then this year and the years, at least for the 
next three, four years, we can expect only to have maintenance CapEx 
on as far as the Company is concerned? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yeah. There will be no major CapEx on this unless we get into some 
new product line, which we really can't say today, there would be no 
major CapEx. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference back to the management for 
their closing comments. Thank you and over to you all. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for attending 
the Q1 FY 24 call for Triveni Turbines. We've had a very good quarter 
and we aim to sustain this growth. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited, we conclude today’s 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity. Although efforts 
have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or 
transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding 
the proceedings of the event, but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
