 
 
Regd. Off.: Symphony Limited, “Symphony House”, FP-12, TP-50, Off S.G. Highway, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad -380 059, India  
T: +91-79-66211111, F: +91-79-66211139-40 l Email – companysecretary@symphonylimited.com I www.symphonylimited.com 
CIN - L32201GJ1988PLC010331 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Symbol – Symphony   
 
 
    
Security Code – 517385 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call of Q1FY24 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
We are submitting herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for the first 
quarter ended June 30, 2023, conducted on July 27, 2023.  
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
company 
at 
https://symphonylimited.com/investor/results/ 
 
This is in due compliance of applicable regulations of the SEBI (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
  
Yours Truly, 
For, Symphony Limited 
  
 
Mayur Barvadiya  
Company Secretary and Head - Legal 
 
Encl.: as above. 
 
MAYUR 
CHIMANBHAI 
BARVADIYA
Digitally signed by MAYUR 
CHIMANBHAI BARVADIYA 
Date: 2023.08.01 18:38:09 
+05'30'

 
 
 
“Symphony Limited's Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NRUPESH SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS, SYMPHONY LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & GROUP 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, SYMPHONY LIMITED 
MR. GIRISH THAKKAR – CHIFE FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ GORI – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Symphony Limited hosted by Equirus Securities.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you. 
Manoj Gori: 
Thanks. On behalf of Equirus Securities, we welcome you all to the Q1 FY24 Results 
Conference Call of Symphony Limited. 
We have with us our senior management represented by Mr. Nrupesh Shah – Executive Director, 
Mr. Amit Kumar – Executive Director & Group CEO, and Mr. Girish Thakkar – CFO. 
Now I hand over the call to the management for the initial comment and then we will open the 
floor for question and answer. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Thank you, Manoj, and thank you Equirus. Good evening to all. Welcome to Q1 June Quarter 
Conference Call of Symphony Limited. So, we are having a brief presentation, to start with, 
Customary Safe Harbor statement is applicable.  
On a standalone basis, i.e. Symphony India Limited, YoY there has been a degrowth in domestic 
sales by 14% i.e. on standalone, Symphony domestic business is down from ₹ 188 crore to               
₹ 160 crore. However, despite this, the noteworthy feature is, as everybody knows, this was a 
disturbed summer. But still this has been second best June quarter in terms of the domestic sales 
surpassing any of the June quarter sales pre-COVID. In that respect, it has been 9% vis-à-vis 
best of the best June quarter sales pre-COVID. This has been achieved on account of various 
initiatives of Symphony and this has also resulted into, as per the data available right up to 30th 
June 2023 which are also in public domain, we have also improved our market share.  
As far as international business is concerned, there has been a decent performance for the June 
quarter. The top line is almost in line with last year. However, EBITDA margin percentage is 
superior and so is PAT. Particularly, IMPCO Mexico has registered highest ever quarterly 
revenue, up by almost 37% - 38% and EBITDA also. This is on account of consistent good 
summer in Mexico. As far as GSK China, of course, it's not significant, but nevertheless it has 
turned around registering a small PAT. As far as Climate Technologies Australia is concerned, 
its performance remains subdued on account of local macro headwinds. However, down the line, 
I will cover our turnaround strategy.  

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
On a consol basis, gross margin percentage stands at 49.7%, which is up by 400 bps on YoY 
basis, while standalone gross margin for the same quarter is higher by 60 bps, which is on 
account of combination of factors including price hike, value engineering and softening of input 
costs. On a consol Basis, EBITDA margin percentage stands at 9.3%. However, on a standalone 
basis, it stands at 4.2%. However, let me share with you, this needs not be extrapolated for the 
year, because in the first quarter i.e. in the June quarter, there are some disproportionately high 
costs including advertisement, sales promotion and few of the overheads. So, neither IMPCO 
Mexico performance, which is decently good, nor similarly Symphony India, no way this 
quarterly performance is an extrapolation of the entire year. In fact, despite this summer, because 
of our entry into ancillary products with sales around the year, plus variety of the strategies, 
proof of the pudding is collection whatever we have received so far in the current month, which 
is almost in line with last year. 
 So, our internal strategy and action plan is, irrespective of the summer of ’23, we expect decent 
performance for the year, including on a standalone basis. We expect top line growth as well as 
profitability growth including improved EBITDA margin percentage. As far as LSV is 
concerned, it continues delivering robust performance and day by day, we are certainly attaining 
traction. During the quarter as all of you know, we have completed our buyback all in all 
amounting to ₹ 249 crore. For the June quarter, the first interim dividend i.e. 50% of the face 
value, all in all about ₹ 7 crore has been announced.  
So, this is the Sankey chart of our consolidated performance. On a consol. basis, revenue stands 
at ₹ 302 crore i.e. YoY down by 8%. Cost of goods sold in terms of the percentage is 15% lower 
vis-à-vis sales degrowth of 8%. That has translated into gross margin percentage, as talked 
earlier, stands at 49.7% i.e. 400 bps higher. From gross margin percentage of 49.7%, EBITDA 
margin is 9.3%, marginally lower than last year on account of operating expenses of ₹ 122 crore 
because some of those expenses are fixed in nature. On the right-hand side, there is a detailed 
breakup of various expenses and it finally resulted into PAT of ₹ 24 crore i.e. 7.9 % of revenue. 
This is the waterfall chart, EBITDA movement from 10.4% to 9.3%.  
So, on a consol basis, the capital employed for trailing 12 months, which includes our 
subsidiaries and Symphony India stands at ₹ 300 crore, i.e. lower by 15% and ROCE in the core 
business stands at 36% and RoNW, i.e. Return on Net Worth stands at 15% on trailing 12 months. 
And of course, RoNW should improve down the line on account of the recently concluded 
buyback, which will reduce the denomination of net worth.  
And this is the Sankey chart of standalone performance as just covered, the details of that.  
And this is the waterfall chart of standalone EBITDA margin percentage.  
And on a standalone basis, considering trailing 12 months, the capital employed in the core 
business stands at ₹ 48 crore, reduced by 43%. ROCE percentage on a core business stands at 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
336% and RoNW is 20%. While treasury stands at ₹ 342 crore as on 30th June 2023, down by 
almost ~ ₹ 198 crore vis-à-vis 30th June 2022.  
Coming to outlook:  
Symphony remains and has cemented its position as the “Numero Uno” in the air cooler industry. 
As said, we have increased our market share even though overall industry has degrown and 
thereby our degrowth during the quarter is less than the industry degrowth. However, in terms 
of the product category, in terms of the future outlook, whether it is Symphony India or globally, 
we very much remain quite confident. That is due to variety of reasons including continuous 
launch of innovative value-added products far far ahead of competition, calibrated price hikes 
and value engineering, continuous thrust on semi-urban and rural markets. We have planned 
several initiatives to further enhance our semi-urban and rural market presence including 
availability and dealer distribution network, as well as continuous growth of sales through 
alternate sales channels, i.e. other than general trade sales.  
Last year, we successfully entered into the adjacent product categories which have been received 
very well including products like Duet and Surround and we are going to launch many more 
models as well as a larger category. Because of its uniqueness and positioning, it's expected to 
continuously do well. There are long term structural growth drivers, whether it is in India or 
domestic market on account of, as everybody knows, intensified heat wave, climate change and 
that does result into strong tailwinds for air cooler.  
Just to share about recent updates in terms of the US consumer sales, despite all headwinds in 
US, despite the macro position in US, the Home Depot, which is our largest customer over there, 
majority of the goods what they have bought from us have been already liquidated and sold to 
the end consumers. In fact, considering the current status, we believe that as it was earlier 
expected, in many, many models, by the end of the summer, they are likely to be out of stock. 
Their summer ends in the middle of September. 
As far as Climate Technologies Australia is concerned, as shared in earlier conference call, the 
major business transformation is underway. However, on account of domestic macro factors, 
this transformation is likely to take some time, even though it is in implementation full-fledged 
and we believe that part of that result, we should get in the current year and mostly in the next 
year. Again to repeat, the initiatives what we are doing are (i) substantial reduction in cost of 
doing the business (CODB), which should result into CODB reduction of almost ~ 40% by next 
year, (ii) revamping the product category, (iii) converting in-house part of the manufacturing, 
which was already outsourced earlier, now complete ramping the in-house manufacturing to 
outsourced business model, and (iv) leveraging retail distribution channel. Considering our 
product category, we are committed to pursue the growth with a complete focus on ESG.  
So, thank you and open the floor for question and answer. I will be happy to answer any question. 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Aditya Bhartiya from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartiya: 
My first question is on market share gain that you spoke about. If you can give us some more 
details about how sharp the market share gain has been and is it amongst the organized side that 
you referred to it or is it as a proportion of the overall market? 
Amit Kumar: 
So, the market share gain, Aditya, has been on a pan India basis. Specific region wise the overall 
market share gains varies slightly. However, on a pan India basis, we have seen market share 
gain especially in the traditional trade and rural segments which saw less degrowth than the 
online channels this year versus the last year. So, that's the core of the market depth in the market 
share.  
Nrupesh Shah 
And this is vis-a-vis organized market and we consider the organized market, those who sell in 
multiple states, having a brand and our barometer remains the same what it was in the past and 
in that respect, as per the data available as of now, our market share gain seems to be in excess 
of 3%.  
Amit Kumar 
Above 4%.  
Aditya Bhartiya: 
Sir, if you can share some more details relating to market share as it is standing today versus 
how it may have been a year back and three years back? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, if I can take you 10 - 12 years before, so 10 - 12 years before, our market share used to be, 
I'm talking value wise not volume wise, it used to be 43% - 44 %. For the last couple of years, 
it inched up and remained around 50%. Current year as on 30th June 2023, it seems higher in 
excess of 3%. 
Aditya Bhartiya: 
Understood, Sir. And secondly, you spoke about strong growth in LSV segment. Again, over 
there, if you can share some details how large this segment have become and how you see this 
business shaping going forward?  
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, I would say still it constitutes vis-à-vis our standalone sales in single digit percentage. Of 
course, that percentage is now in high single digit percentage. Again, on account of competitive 
and other reasons, we are not sharing absolute sales performance, but by and large, it has 
performed in line with our expectation and budget. We have successfully implemented many, 
many projects across the vertical and industries. I think internally and externally the necessary 
team, the trade partners, service after sales, even outsourced manufacturing and revamping the 
range of the model, so combination of all that seems to be working.  
Aditya Bhartiya: 
On new product category. So, do you intend to enter into any new product category going 
forward? Did you mention that that is what the plan? 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, as shared, we have already entered into Duet and Surround products which are sold around 
the year. They have received a good response with unique features and performance. We will 
further enhance its range and right now, that's what we have to share with you. 
Amit Kumar: 
Right. So, these are what is called the tower fan category, Aditya. So, that category is something 
that we have already gotten in and we have a set of products within the tower fan category that 
we have launched in the last year and that we continue to drive forward in this year. That's as 
much as we can talk about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Namit Arora from Indgrowth Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Namit Arora: 
Yes, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is, your company was always 
considered an innovator and a market leader, but the last three to five years have been really 
challenging for a variety of reasons. So, you know, given your perspective, any reflections on 
any learnings from the last few years, anything you would have done differently. And how you 
sort of taking those learnings for sort of the coming three to five years? Thank you.  
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, you are absolutely right. So, there have been some learnings in terms of how to de-risk vis-
à-vis a bad summer and I think to an extent we are succeeding, including entering into adjacent 
category, including increasing sales through alternate channels that's also working well. 
Precisely in that direction, even though currently, especially as on March ‘23, our subsidiaries 
haven't done well, but it's exactly the strategy in that respect and we are very much convinced 
and confident that overseas markets are also having huge potential. As it was witnessed in June 
quarter, again, I'm not saying it is a reflection of the full year, but IMPCO Mexico registered ~ 
40% growth and highest ever EBITDA margin amount etc. But we have yet to work a lot and 
we are working upon in respect of turnaround of Climate Technologies. As far as the domestic 
market is concerned, I think major major thrust in respect of various strategies and initiatives by 
enhancing our presence substantially, not incrementally, in rural and semi urban market.  
Amit Kumar: 
That's exactly the point. Namit, the core of the learning is there's risk there in the season in the 
last three years, two of these were affected by COVID. So, multiple risks exist and our strategy 
is focused on channel diversification, product range expansion in adjacent segment and 
geographic expansion that we have followed for quite some time. So, the right mix of these three 
is what we are pursuing and we are confident will help us address these risks suitably and provide 
growth. 
Namit Arora: 
Sir for your detailed perspective. This is very helpful and all the very best to the entire team. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Hardik Rawat: 
Actually, I wanted to ask with respect to the Mexico business, could you share some numbers as 
to what sort of margin that you registered and what is the exact revenue, revenue growth? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Sure, so Mexico for the quarter's topline was ₹ 77 crore versus ₹ 56 crore of corresponding 
period of previous year.  EBITDA is about ₹ 19 crore versus ₹ 10 crore. PAT before exceptional 
item is about ₹ 10 crore versus ₹ 6 crore. And as you asked about IMPCO Mexico, let me share 
figures of other subsidiaries also. So as far as Climate Technologies is concerned, sales is ₹ 51 
crore versus ₹ 60 crore. EBITDA is negative ₹ 2 crore versus negative ₹  5 crore and PAT is 
negative ₹ 5 crore versus negative ₹ 3 crore which includes interest on acquisition loan as well 
as depreciation. And coming to GSK China, top line is ₹ 12 crores, up from ₹ 9 crore, EBITDA 
at ₹ 1 crore and so is the PAT versus negative PAT of ₹ 1 crore in the corresponding period of 
previous year. 
Hardik Rawat: 
And apart from that, with respect to with since a month is all almost passed for the second 
quarter, how have you been seeing the sales in the second quarter? Is the pickup because this is 
usually like right after summer. So, what is the revenue looks like in the first month of operations. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, I have shared in initial remarks, despite not a good summer so far, our offseason collection 
is almost in line with last year. That's number one. Number two, starting the current year, of 
course there will be some sales being generated from adjacent category more so from December 
quarter because still we are in the process of enhancing the range and that will be in place in 
next one- or two-months. I think there is a major thrust on sales alternate channels, which mainly 
sell in March and June quarter because they don't buy in off season. So, and coupled with because 
whatever initiative is we have decided to create substantially for a semi-urban market, we believe 
that year as a whole and next summer even that should be helpful. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Understood. I had a couple of bookkeeping questions. First of all, there's a huge jump, there's a 
sharp increase in the other expense as a percentage of sales. So, it is roughly 9% higher for the 
standalone business. So, in that I've seen that warranty expenses have increased drastically. 
Could you explain what expense these entail, since it has increased by 3.5%? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
First and foremost, it includes freight and forwarding expense. It includes also warranty 
expenses, then it is also rent. It also includes travelling expenses and there is also Forex loss 
which is on account of loan to GSK China about ₹ 3 crore.  
Girish Thakkar: 
It's notional, so foreign exchange fluctuation.  
Nrupesh Shah: 
And legal and professional charges etc. So, all those combined under other expenses, however, 
in the Sankey chart, you would have seen that we have named some of the major expenses, 
freight forwarding, warranties and travel etc. 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Hardik Rawat: 
No, I just wanted to understand that since there's a 3.4% as a percentage of sales increase. Is 
there any particular reason within any of those heads, for example like warranty or rent that has 
increased substantially with via-via the previous year.? 
Girish Thakkar: 
So, YoY there is some increase in rent expenses and the forex loss which was not in the June 22. 
So, that is the major difference compared to June 22. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Alright, so the forex loss, Travelling expenses and rent expenses.  
Amit Kumar: 
Also, you have to understand is the warranty expenses are more linked to the full year numbers, 
while when we look at it in the form of the quarter, it appears higher, but the full year numbers 
when we compare to that, it falls in line with, what it has been traditional. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Just one question I was going to the financials and I saw that like you usually the bulk of your 
advertisement expenses usually in the first quarter. Could you give color like what is the 
seasonality on the advertisement spends why it is more in the first quarter and later on in sort of 
the year? 
Amit Kumar: 
So, the selling season, the consumer selling season for air coolers is typically during March to 
June months. Hence the highest share of advertising and promotions for us through the entire 
year naturally falls in the April, May, June quarter. So, for us, the highest consumer level 
engagement happens in this quarter followed by the March quarter and that's how the skewed is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Tavishi Mehta from ICICI Prudential. 
Please go ahead. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
I have three questions. The first one is can you throw some light, how is the channel inventory 
placed at 1Q end, and also due to overall weak demand sentiment, do we see any change in 
channel behavior with regards to inventory buildup? 
Amit Kumar: 
Right. So, interesting question. So, the first question, first. The channel inventory as we see at 
this at the end of the June quarter, in some pockets across the country, particularly in parts of 
UP, Punjab and MP, the channel inventory is slightly higher than what we would have wanted. 
That is mostly on account of us having placed good secondary sales in the market, but due to 
unseasonal rains, some of these markets did not see as much tertiary as we would have ideally 
wanted those markets to deliver. So, some of these packets, the channel inventory is slightly 
higher than our target and expectations. But overall channel inventory at the end of this year 
across the country is lower than the channel inventory that we had at the end of the previous year 
or for that matter, at the end of each of the last three years. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
Okay. And given that the season has been weak during the current season, have you extended 
any schemes as a part of channel support? 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Amit Kumar: 
So, that's not something that we have done because typically July onwards we get into the next 
year planning and related collection and this season at this point in time in terms of tertiary sales, 
share is very small share of the full year. So, we have not extended any of these schemes or 
additional support to the channel at this point. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
Okay. And my last question is with regards to the subsidiaries. So, do you see this current 
margins as a sustainable margin for the subsidiaries? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
That's right. On the contrary, at EBITDA level, neither on a standalone level nor on a 
consolidated level, the quarterly margin we wish to achieve. We have plan in place to achieve 
much better EBITDA level percentage margin because as explained earlier in the first quarter, 
some of the expenses are skewed, which ultimately over one year gets rationalized coupled with 
other points as explained earlier. 
Tavishi Mehta: 
Okay, so do we have any target? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Ultimately in terms of the EBITDA margin percentage wise, we wish to be and we are targeting 
to reach at a pre COVID level percentage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare  
I joined the call late, so I've got a couple of questions. Sorry if there is any repetition. Now with 
respect to the Q1 performance and I understand season failure, but the standalone performance 
even during season failure earlier has not been as bad as what we've seen in the first quarter. So, 
just want to have your comments on the standalone performance first. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, not very clear about your question. Standalone performance not…. 
Rahul Gajare  
Sir, even when we have had similar season failure earlier where because of rains or the season 
not being hot enough where the sales have been low. We have not seen an EBITDA margin at 
you this kind of like 2% to 2.5% for a very long time. So, is there a specific reason that this 
particular quarter, we have had operating for the months which was so weak? 
Amit Kumar: 
So, Rahul, what we need to again understand is the nature of this business is such that the April-
May-June quarter, the Q1 quarter for us is also the culmination of the summer season and some 
parts of the spend, for example advertising, sales support, schemes and everything they need to 
be done to support the business done through the entire year. So, as we mentioned earlier, while 
these are incurred during the quarter and hence for this quarter, they are larger because on the 
entire year basis we have still done reasonable volumes and we have still done reasonable 
growth. If you just go a quarter before and a quarter before, we had been doing highest ever 
quarterly numbers in the last couple of quarters. So, now that material is there with the channel. 
This quarter is where besides doing our primary sales, we have to spend on multiple schemes, 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
incentives and so on to get the entire channel moving, get to the consumers level in terms of 
product delivery and all. So, seeing from that perspective, one needs to understand that some of 
the spend made in this quarter are to ensure that all the primaries and secondaries done in build 
up to this quarter are taken care of. So, that's why this is coming this way. I agree that the 
EBITDA percent margin this year, this quarter particularly is lower than expectations and that's 
something that like Nrupesh Bhai has mentioned earlier that's not a sign of how things would 
pan out as we go forward. 
Rahul Gajare  
The second question was with respect to this entire heatwave that we are seeing in various parts 
of the world, now the Mexico performance this is closer to ₹ 77 crore, whereas last year I think 
that number was closer to ₹ 110 crore to ₹ 120 crore in that range, so do you see this Mexico 
performance run rate continuing this way because if that is the case, we're looking at a very 
strong growth in Mexico business. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
As I said earlier, neither Mexico performance nor Symphony India performance should be 
extrapolated for the whole year or new normal. Because Mexico, there has been very consistent 
decent summer and hence it has registered these sales. It also caught up some of the lost sales of 
the March quarter. Having said that, normally their season ends in June, however, current year 
there is extended summer, so somewhat sales is happening in July even currently also. So, in 
that respect, it is better off, but no way we are suggesting, it is new normal neither Mexico nor 
Symphony India.  
Amit Kumar: 
What Nrupesh Bhai is suggesting Rahul is the approach of geographic diversification and hence 
trying to minimize the risk of adverse event in one geography affecting the overall consol level 
numbers is something that these trends show that we'll be able to do through the right geographic 
diversification. So, something that would come closest to us saying this is like the new normal 
where given a good geographic diversification across the globe, some region or the other will 
always do good and maybe some of the regions for a given quarter or year will not do as good. 
Rahul Gajare  
Sir, I was actually thinking from the heatwave perspective, have you seen any traction in exports 
and that is the reason why I was trying to see how Mexico had done? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Export which in totality is not that significant but coming to specific geography performance as 
I had covered in my initial remarks if we were to talk about US, which is one large promising 
and significant market for us, The Home Depot, just like all other large, organized retailers cut 
back in terms of demand on account of destocking. But currently because of a strong and good 
summer, we believe that considering the latest figures available with us in many, many models, 
they are likely to be stock out in US. Brazil, which is in Southern Hemisphere, however, 
preseason sale, very initial indication, of course, seems to be quite optimistic and helpful. Even 
in Europe, we have made some beginning. We have employed some high-level resources. Of 
course, it's going to take some time to build up, but it's also moving in line with our target and 
budget and seems promising. Precisely, this is what since long we are talking about de-risking 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
the strategy whereby it's always going to happen, some of the market or geography, whether in 
the country or globally may do well season wise, some may not do well. But in totality, ultimately 
we should make it up. As you would have seen in current quarter even though Symphony India 
didn't do that well, but the rest of the world made-up part of the losses. 
Rahul Gajare  
My last question is on the strategy towards local sourcing, especially in the Climate Technologies 
area. Is there any change in that aspect given the way trade costs have moved? Any thoughts on 
that change of strategy about more sourcing from India or the local sourcing continues for 
climate phenomena? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, absolutely you are dot on that point. So as far as household air coolers are concerned, now 
it makes sense to manufacture and sell from India so that's what going to happen. As far as local 
in-house manufacturing or assembling is concerned, we are reducing substantially and in few 
quarters down the line, it will be completely outsourced business model which includes 
residential household from India. For ducted coolers locally, but through outsourced business 
model and for some other products from China. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nirav Vasa from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirav Vasa: 
I have certain queries based on the commentary which we have given you in our FY23 Annual 
Report which elaborates our global strategy. So, the first thing that I wanted to understand which 
it pertains to our targeted market across GCC nations where we have also appointed local 
representatives. So, would it be possible for you to share some updates as to how we intend to 
get into this market? 
Amit Kumar: 
So, Nirav, we are already into that market and we have been in each of these GCC countries for 
more than a decade now. Now what we have done and what we have mentioned in the Annual 
Report is to take the next level approach. So, till now most of the times, we have been focused 
on addressing these markets through export-oriented team members based out of India. Now, we 
have changed that approach to also have a senior level resource based out of Middle East itself 
to cater to the customers in that region and to build relationships and business in that region. So, 
that's the additional work that we are doing with the anticipation of further good in the business 
in that market, but we have been in that market. 
Nirav Vasa: 
And we are also looking at expanding our presence, our exports across countries like Egypt, Sri 
Lanka, Myanmar, Iraq, where a lot of currency and economic imbalances are there. So, do you 
think those markets can be cracked early or it's a long-term aspiration? 
Amit Kumar: 
So, some of these markets that you mentioned, Nirav, for example, let's say Egypt or Myanmar 
at this point in time there is a political and economic disruptions in those markets. We have been 
doing business in these markets otherwise before the disruptions were there. Egypt, for example, 

 
Symphony Limited 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
there is a currency limitation that the Government has imposed, and we cannot get dollars out of 
that country. So, for this year, at this point in time, the business is still awaiting a resolution to 
this issue. Sri Lanka, there was a political and economic turmoil which has just recently gotten 
addressed, and we are now talking to potential customers there. So, each of these markets we 
have exposure, we have active conversations with potential partners and as and when economic 
conditions they are allowed, we would be in those markets. Iraq is a good example, a couple of 
years back, it was doing almost nil business because again of the political situation, but over the 
last two years, we have built business in that market. 
Nirav Vasa: 
So, last question pertains to domestic business. How many SKUs do we intend to launch for the 
forthcoming summer season? Thank you. 
Amit Kumar: 
That's something that would be difficult for me to share on this call, Nirav. But we do intend to 
come up with new models, but unfortunately, I will not be able to share that upfront at this point 
in time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Thank you, Equirus, and thank you Manoj Gori and thank you all the participants for spending 
your valuable time on late evening. Thank you and looking forward to meeting all of you in next 
Quarterly Conference Call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
