~'l"R'6-{U 
~ ~ 
~~( ~~ 
--
_., __ 
An 1snso 9001, An 1snso 14001 
& IS: 18001 Company 
SURYA ROSHNI LIMITED 
CIN -L31501HR1973PLC007543 
Padma Tower-1, Rajendra Place, New Delhi-110 008 
Ph.: +91-11-25810093-96, 47108000 Fax: +91-11-25789560 
E-mail : cs@surya.in Website : www.surya.co.in 
SRL/23-24/25 
August 17, 2023 
The Secretary 
The Stock Exchange, Mumbai 
New Trading Ring, 14th Floor, 
Rotunda Building, P.J.Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500336 
The Manager (Listing Department) 
The National stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: SURY AROSNI 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Financial Results for the first 
quarter ended 30th June, 2023. 
Dear Sir, 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated 8th August, 2023 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call to discuss the financial 
results for the first quarter of the financial year ended 30th June, 2023 scheduled for Friday, 
11 th August, 2023. 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges already on 11 th August, 2023, we 
are enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company under Financials in the 
Investor section. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Surya Roshni Limited 
BB SINGAL 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
Enclosed: as above. 
• 
Regd. Office : Prakash Nagar, Sankhol, Bahadurgarh, Haryana - 124507 
BHARAT 
BHUSHA
N SINGAL
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
BHUSHAN SINGAL 
Date: 2023.08.17 
14:46:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
“Surya Roshni Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 11th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJU BISTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. TARUN BALDUA – ED & CEO - STEEL OPERATIONS 
 
MR. JITENDRA AGRAWAL – CEO  LIGHTING AND CONSUMER 
DURABLES 
 
MR. BHARAT BHUSHAN SINGAL – CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Surya Roshni Limited Q1FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Bista – Managing Director at Surya Roshni Limited. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Raju Bista: 
Good evening and thank you. Once again on behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, I extend a warm 
welcome to everyone for joining us today on this call we are joined by Mr. Tarun Baldua – ED 
& CEO of Steel Operations, Mr. Jitendra Agrawal – CEO; Lighting and Consumer Durables, 
our CFO and Company Secretary Mr. Bharat Bhushan Singal and SGA our Investor Relationship 
Advisor. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results, press release and even 
Investor Presentation, which has been uploaded on the Stock Exchange as well as on our 
Company’s website. The Company registered a marginal revenue growth of about 2% during 
the quarter due to lower steel prices and economic headwinds. For the quarter EBITDA and PAT 
grew by 65% and 166% respectively, on a year-on-year basis. This was largely driven by value 
added products once again and better volume off take and lower raw material prices. 
During the quarter, the Company focused on innovation of new age product, premumization, 
strengthening its reach with dealers and distributors and extending market presence in the rural 
and semi-urban market through marketing and advertisement campaigns. The Company has 
been judicious, very careful in the budgeting and capital allocation resulting in lean and very 
healthy balance sheet. We firmly believe that our growth will be sustainable with a comfortable 
working capital cycle and balance sheet position. 
The Company also witnessed a healthy improvement in gross margin due to the enhanced 
product mix. Over the past few years, Company has placed its emphasis on reducing the debt 
during the quarter, also the debt reduced by ₹171 crores and the debt-to-equity ratio stood at 
0.12x. 
With this the Company intends to become debt free by next financial year. 
Coming to Lighting and Consumer Durables business, the Company registered a revenue growth 
of 11.5%, which was driven by favorable business environment for both B2B and B2C segments. 
Also, during the quarter, the Company executed various renowned projects which led to a growth 
of 27% in Professional Luminaire Lighting with multiple upcoming government and private 
infrastructure CAPEX. We are confident that our Professional Lighting division is poised to reap 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 9 
significant benefits from this cycle. This division has and will continue to build a stronger order 
book in FY24. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹33 crores registered a growth of about 52% and the EBITDA 
margin which is very important and stood at 8.8% and earlier same year-on-year it was about 
6.48%. This improvement was supported by better product mix, backward integration 
attributable to the PLI scheme and premiumization with this expect our margins to improve 
further. With the anticipation of the upcoming festival season, the Company has taken proactive 
steps to enhance its product offering in the Consumer Durable segment by introducing a diverse 
area of items tailor to meet the preferences and need of consumers. 
We strongly believe that these endeavors will not only augment our market presence, but also 
contribute significantly to enhancing our brand equity. The CAPEX under the PLI scheme is 
ongoing as per the plan which has benefited the Company in lowering the cost due to backward 
integration, nature of the CAPEX. The Company also reduces its replacement cost now at 4.17%, 
reflecting a significant reduction from 4.57% last year of the same quarter. The Company has 
been making sustainable investment to enhance its in-store excellence in store product display 
and in-house merchandising for customers. Concurrently efforts have been directed towards 
strengthening interactions with dealer, distribution and electrician through a series of campaigns. 
In FY24, the Company plan to double the advertisement spend cost from the current level which 
will in turn help to build brand visibility and increase the market shares. With this, the Company 
plans to enhance the outreach program through various ATL and BTL campaign. The Company 
will also strengthen the semi-urban and urban distribution network which is now one of the 
largest in the industry. 
Now moving to the Steel Pipe and Strip business, due to lower steel price throughout the quarter, 
the Company topline remain almost flat. Nonetheless, we expect raw material cost to stabilize 
over the next couple of months, but the Company increased its volume by 20% in the quarter 
with domestic businesses increases by 27% and export business increasing by 7% in the volume 
and we expect the overall performance to accelerate towards H2 FY24 as a lot of infrastructure 
projects whether it is private or a public, will pick up execution phase post monsoon session. 
EBITDA was ₹83 crores during the quarter of steel business showing a 70% increase and 
EBITDA per ton of ₹4,388 per ton. Volumes, premium product and a diversified product mix 
drive this performance. The Company has witnessed a steady order inflow in API pipe and other 
value added product from Oil and Gas, CGD, water transportation sector as well as export 
market. With this the order book is above ₹500 crores as of 30th June 2023. 
The board of directors has approved a CAPEX of about ₹45 crores mostly for the Cold Rolling 
modification and small amount of about ₹5 crores for the PVC business. While CAPEX for 
large-dia pipe at Anjar and GP and CR coils pipe in Hindupur is ongoing. With this CAPEX 
plan in coming years, the Company anticipates this segment to achieve revenue growth of about 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 9 
10% to 12%. Lastly, we remain confident about the opportunity that lies ahead of us. The 
Company is focusing on geographical expansion, innovation, efficiency, enhancement 
infrastructure and human capital to deliver the best class solution to our customers. 
And lastly, there is a small announcement of splitting of adjusting equity share to enhance the 
liquidity in the capital market to widen the small shareholder base and to make the share more 
affordable to retail investors. The board has approved sub-division of 1 equity share of face value 
of ₹10 each into 2 equity share of face value of ₹5 each. So, now I will like to request our CFO 
Mr. B B Singal to share his thoughts. 
Bharat Bhushan Singal: 
Thank you respected MD, sir and very good evening to all participants on the call. The 
Company’s revenue reported a sustained growth momentum during this quarter. Revenue stood 
at ₹1,875 crores, a growth of 2% year-on-year basis. The quarter EBITDA and PAT grew by 
65% and 166% respectively, on a year-on-year basis to ₹116 crores and ₹59 crores respectively. 
EBITDA margins improved by 235 basis points to 6.2%. 
In Lighting and Consumer Durables, for this quarter the revenue stood at ₹374 crores, a growth 
of 11.5% year-on-year basis. EBITDA and PBT stood at ₹33 crores and ₹26 crores, a growth of 
52% and 88% Y-o-Y respectively. This revenue growth can be attributed to the PLI scheme 
backward integration and by increased demand for value-added products. 
In the Steel Pipes and Strip segment, during the first half of financial year 24, the Company’s 
EBITDA and PBT grew by 70% and 237% to ₹83 crores and ₹55 crores respectively. EBITDA 
per metric ton stood at ₹4,388 compared to ₹3,103, a robust growth of 41% year-on-year basis. 
As of 30th June 23, the Company has reduced debt by ₹171 crores and continues to remain long-
term debt free. Debt equity reduced to 0.12x as on 30th June 23. The Company continued to 
maintain a positive cash conversion cycle. The working capital days stood at 64 days during first 
quarter. Working capital days for Lighting and Consumer Durable stood at 63 days in first 
quarter while Steel Pipes and Strips working capital days at 64 days in first quarter. As on 30th 
June 23,  return of capital employed improved by 750 basis points from 8.2% to 15.8% and 
return on equity (ROE) improved by 680 basis points from 5.7% to 12.5%. With this, I conclude 
the presentation and we can now open the floor for further questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Shreyans J from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans J: 
Sir can you help me with the EBITDA per ton for the year, as well what is your guidance on 
that? And the growth that we can expect in steel business? 
Raju Bista: 
You have asked 2 things, once again I want to remind all my investors that the cyclone that came 
in June in the Western part and Southern part had a very big impact on our exports and API from 
our Bhuj plant. The plant remained disturbed for almost 15 days, along with the falling prices, 
but in the whole year, on revenue terms there will be a growth of 10% to 12% in steel division 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 9 
and as far as EBITDA per ton is concerned, as you must have noticed that in Q1 it was near ₹ 
4,400, last year which was ₹3,103, so there is an improvement of almost 41%. On annual basis, 
I believe right now it is very difficult to predict in Steel and HR coil, but still I can give 
confidence to my investors that last year our EBITDA per ton was almost ₹6,500, so this year 
also we will be near that only or we can surpass that also means overall, in 50 years history last 
year’s Steel business and Pipe business was very good. We will not go below that, this is only 
what I can say right now, but precisely it will be very early to exactly quote any numbers. In that 
per ton EBITDA will be substantially on the higher side. 
Shreyans J: 
Sir I want to understand that we have seen a fall Q-o-Q, we did an EBITDA per ton of ₹9,800 
in Q4 and steel prices is obviously corrected, so would you attribute all of that to steel prices 
only or there is some change in our mix also? 
Raju Bista: 
See there was a good number in Q4, but it was for one quarter only, overall, for full year we will 
try to be around ₹6,500 or also little above. But there are 2, 3 things, in Q4 steel price was on 
higher side, its positive impact was there in the balance sheet. Although, our API export and 
many other fixed price order, but in spite of that also routine trade which used to contribute near 
60% in the overall business, had a little bit impact. So, in this quarter also the impact of EBITDA 
of ₹1,000 per ton on steel was due to correction in steel otherwise, it could had been ₹5,400 per 
ton EBITDA, it was the second reason. And third reason, as I said that due to cyclone, almost 
10,000-ton quantity we could not do export and API where GP gross margin is near ₹10,000 
EBITDA per ton. So, these were the main 3 reason, but as I told you that Q2 will be better than 
Q1 even though it is rainy season and overall, our annual target base is near ₹6,500. 
Shreyans J: 
My second question is on FMEG business, how is it? Many companies and many brands have 
come in market and everyone is saying that we will expand our distribution, brand is strong, we 
will do distribution expansion, but there is a limit to expand your distribution and to get that 
growth, so according to you what will be the top 2, 3 things that you will have to do to gain the 
market share or to grow your business in that segment? 
Raju Bista: 
See, you have said correctly that people say that we will grow, we will bring new numbers, will 
do brand building, will improve the distribution network, but it required 50 years for Surya 
Roshni to reach at this position. Across India there are almost 3.5 lakhs electrical outlet and it is 
not easy to reach at that level and make your position. It is possible that any Company can do a 
business of ₹100 crores to ₹300 crores, but it is not sustainable. You need a brand with network 
and with network you need innovation and product development and your plant and all this is 
required. It has been 35 years we have been doing Lighting business. Currently we have reached 
at a turnover of ₹1,500 crores, ₹1,600 crores, so I believe that in difficult times also we 
performed very well, so in Q1 we had a growth of 11.5% and we will grow by 20% in lighting 
business on annual basis. 
Shreyans J: 
And my last question, sir any plans for demerger as your business is sustainably growing? 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 9 
Raju Bista: 
It was not discussed in this board meeting. There was definitely a discussion about the split in 
this board meeting and the board has approved it. A long discussion was whether to do ₹ 2, or ₹ 
5, but according to us and management, our share as compared to peers who have done less then 
₹20,000 or did a split at ₹3,000 in comparison it was around ₹825. It is not very much, so we 
were saying that we have to grow in future, have to give performance, so we requested a board 
and the face value which was ₹10 became ₹5. Bank liabilities are almost finished and ₹230 
crores is a working capital loan which means our long-term debt is zero. Hopefully, as we 
reduced ₹171 crores in this quarter and I am hopeful that growth will also come. This is our 
promise towards investors that next year’s balance sheet will be a zero-debt balance sheet, we 
will not have to go the banks for internal CAPEX. The Company has completed 50 years and 
this year will be for the investors, that is all what I can commit to you and rest we have put before 
you whatever was decided in today’s board meeting and will definitely share with you if 
anything like this happens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Avesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Avesh Chauhan: 
Sir in our Steel Pipe division we are expecting that EBITDA/ton can be of 6,500 to 8,000 in 
FY24? For the full year? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes 6,500 or above that. 
Avesh Chauhan: 
And sir in terms of volume growth, other companies in this business specially in Steel Pipes they 
grow north of 15%. What are we targeting for a volume growth of 10%-12%? 
Raju Bista: 
We feel that there are 2 types of markets, one market is where work hard and keep the margins 
low, we do not believe in that and we feel that our focus is mainly on the premium segment for 
which Surya brand is known for and rest our CAPEX is also constant and you would have seen 
that in every board meeting we share everything with you, so in the coming times also we will 
do that. We believe that there are many products in the market, one product is there in which per 
ton EBITDA comes of ₹1,500 under round section, GI and round black pipe has EBITDA/ton 
of ₹ 3,000, galvanized pipe has ₹ 5,000, in API export it is ₹ 9,000 to ₹ 10,000. Our focus is on 
the premium which suits Surya Brand. There is no point of doing a business where hard work is 
done but not getting the money. And it is not like that under Section Pipe you make any brand 
equity, I have seen if you make it cheaper by ₹500 then its start getting sold because the source 
of HR coil is the same. Still, you will see in terms of revenue it is a big challenge to bring overall 
growth of 12% which is our internal target, and for that you have to do volume growth more 
than 20%. 
Avesh Chauhan: 
Lastly, sir whenever there is a discussion in board regarding demerger, as you said that this time 
no discussion was there, but earlier it had happened, so what was the reason that demerger was 
not done earlier? 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Raju Bista: 
It didn’t come in the agenda, previously the discussion was done twice while I am the MD, so it 
was said in board that one committee should be created and that committee should be working 
on that and work was done to a large extent, but it didn’t come in this time board meeting, so I 
can’t share with you right now, whenever it comes we will inform you definitely. 
Avesh Chauhan: 
Sir as you are saying that one committee is formed which is working on it? 
Raju Bista: 
Committee has been made and committee has completed it work, I can share with you these 
things only if we get anything from the board to go further, so until then I can’t tell you more on 
this. 
Avesh Chauhan: 
Lastly, we are saying that next year our balance sheet will be debt free, so the CAPEX will not 
be more? I think then what will we do with the cash? 
Raju Bista: 
See there are 2 things, whatever cash is generated will be used for Company’s growth and then 
we will pay dividend and still anything remains then as I said whatever cash is generated either 
it will used in business or will go to shareholders, can’t go anywhere else. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohit Mehra with SK Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Mehra: 
So, the first question is what kind of growth are we seeing in the Lighting business for FY24? 
Raju Bista: 
As I told that almost 20% will be the growth in revenue in the Lighting and in Steel division 
growth of almost 12% is expected in FY24. 
Rohit Mehra: 
And what products have we launched for festive? What kind of growth are we expecting in the 
second half? 
Raju Bista: 
Launching of products is a regular process, in fact under Lighting we have taken almost 400 
distributors, retailer abroad and a very big launching program was done. So in Lighting there is 
continuous innovation and improvement in product and quality. Looks and esthetic 
improvements have been done because competition is very much, so if you have to look, good 
variety of products and esthetic and look should also be nice also, so it is a continuous process. 
So, in this we have set our R&D in Noida, almost ₹10 crores investment we have made in that, 
almost 50 engineers day and night are working on it. So, assume that at least, we innovate and 
develop and do the designing for 5 new products in a month and yearly 60 to 70 products, so 
this is a regular ongoing process and in that we try that by doing some R&D we display some 
premium product to the market. As I told you that time, we are doing a very huge campaign 
across the country to strengthen our existing outlets, and to improve our position in big cities of 
Tier-1 and Tier-2. So across the country we are going to do seminars for 200 retail meet, retail 
outlets in which electricians will be there and we will do workshop with the electricians of each 
and every big cites under Tier-2. And because of that we feel that if our positioning is made in 
big cities under Tier-A and Tier-B because originally we were selling bulb, tubes, so in this 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Downlighters and Smart Lighting, if I compare with our peers our market share is little low. If 
overall peers have a  market share contribution of 30%, 32% from Tier-1 and from big cities 
then ours is 17%, 18% only, so there is a big gap and to bridge that gap we are going to do a 
very big campaign from 15 August till Diwali. I think there will be a lot of improvement because 
of that too. So, as told Lighting is very competitive and there is a lot of competition, but your 
relation with your channel partner is important. Here if anybody’s credit note has to be gone in 
replacement, then within 30 days settlement is done, so many such small things are there due to 
which electrician and electrical outlet connection remains with the Company and we have 
maintained it till now, it has been a very big strength of Surya Roshni. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Shah with Shah Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Viraj Shah: 
Sir how is the steel export performing? Are we receiving any orders? 
Raju Bista: 
Export business is growing; in fact, we have added several new countries also. I will not name 
here publicly, but in the Western side many new countries are added and due to the cyclone 
orders were little less, but still now we have export orders of ₹350 crores, ₹400 crores in hand 
which will go within 1 month or 2 months. So, export is our regular business-like trade, regularly 
we are exporting 15,000 ton and for the last 3 months 20% contribution of our overall business 
size is done by the export business. Last year our segment size was 15%, 16%, which has now 
increased to 20%, so it is growing and the acceptance level is very high towards Surya and in 
fact in many countries there is a high-level competition to take our dealership. 
Viraj Shah: 
On DFT plant, what kind of revenue are we expecting? 
Raju Bista: 
DFT is like a new born child for us and our overall EBITDA is 4,500, so to place the material 
we are doing, so this year we will do a quantity of 30,000 ton and under it EBITDA is 
contributing nearly ₹2,000 per ton., So in the coming years its quantity will be increased and 
margin improvement will be seen. This is a big size section pipe, distributors doesn’t stock and 
sell, and very much is dependent that how is project cycle moving a lot depends on that. And it 
has a different market and we are working on it. 
Viraj Shah: 
Sir what is the overall capacity utilization? 
Tarun Baldua: 
If we consider all the plants, then capacity utilization on average is 72% for this quarter. 
Raju Bista: 
Otherwise, on an average our capacity utilization is 78% to 80%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chintan Patel with Abans Investment  
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Patel: 
Sir can you tell me revenue breakup industry wise? 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Raju Bista: 
Do you want our segment wise? 
Chintan Patel: 
Yes, segment wise. 
Raju Bista: 
As I told you, if I talk about quarters our overall contribution from trade was near 55% and 
exports contribution was almost 18%, cold rolling contribution is 12%, APIs contribution is 
12%, actual user which goes to B2G or goes in projects contribution is 5%, like this is our overall 
segment percentage. 
Chintan Patel: 
Sir the business which comes from this Oil and Gas industries, so how much percentage it is 
contributing? 
Raju Bista: 
Oil and Gas segment contributes 12%. One thing you have to see that even though there is a 
12% contribution in volume, in value terms its contribution is 20% in revenue and in margin 
also. 
Chintan Patel: 
Sir which are other industries driving the growth except Oil and Gas? 
Raju Bista: 
Trade is a regular business; export is a major chunk and the third one is the Oil and Gas itself. 
So, mainly we are into trade, export and API business and followed by cold rolling which 
contributes about another 11%-12%. So, majorly these are the 4 segments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of 
the question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Bharat 
Bhushan Singal, for his closing comments. 
Bharat Bhushan Singal: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today on this Earnings Call. We appreciate your interest in 
Surya Roshni Limited. I sincerely once again thank our MD and the CEO for sparing their 
valuable time and addressing queries raised by participants who attended the call. For any further 
queries kindly contact SGA, our Investor Relation Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
BHARAT 
BHUSHA
N SINGAL
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
BHUSHAN 
SINGAL 
Date: 2023.08.17 
14:46:58 +05'30'
