 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
August 16, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, August 14, 2023. 
 
The Transcript of Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of the 
Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=380015, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=61EF2E945D9B4545361118485ED8
28D8E6A17A5394D0CC83C0083D7FAE6378BF, 
cn=GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2023.08.16 17:12:34 +05'30'

Kiri Industries Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of                        
Kiri Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be                                    
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on                        
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good morning, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
conference call for the first quarter of the Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements 
made in today's concall may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with us in the earnings 
conference call. We have with us, Mr. Manish Kiri – Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani – 
Senior Manager (Accounts and Finance), and Mr. Suresh Gondalia – Company Secretary. I now 
request Mr. Manish Kiri to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Manish Kiri: 
Good morning, everybody, and welcome to the earnings conference call for the first quarter of 
Financial Year 2024. 
Let me first brief you on the financial performance of the first quarter of Financial Year 2024, 
followed by the operational highlights. On a standalone basis during quarter one FY24,                          
Kiri attained sales revenue of 142 crores and earned an EBITDA of 12.61 crore with net loss on 
the quarter post depreciation of about 1 crore. On a consolidated basis, quarter one FY24 
revenue stood at 227 crore with EBITDA profit of 2 crore and the net loss of around 15 crores. 
The sluggish demand for textiles during the last two years has impacted both volumes and 

selling price of dye stuff. This is not allowing industry players to pass on the increase in input 
cost to the end consumers. Kiri has adopted a coherent approach in addressing the dynamic 
global business environment to beat economic contraction with astute sales strategy for its 
entire range of dyes, dyes intermediates and specialty dyes intermediates. In the coming 
quarters, industry experts foresee rebound in demand for textiles, which shall enhance 
demand for dyestuff industry, enabling market players to strengthen business growth and 
improved markup in material margins. 
On a standalone basis, finance cost increased because company has availed loan of 66.59 crore 
in April-May 2023. EBITDA was mainly impacted because of the legal cost incurred in                              
the litigation against Longsheng Group, or Senda Capital for Kiri’s stake in DyStar. It needs to 
be highlighted that the legal costs would have to be incurred in coming quarters also. Since                
the legal proceedings related to the enforcement of the buyout order has now been initiated 
against Senda. In quarter 1 FY24, company earned material margins of 23.4% on account of 
pressure on selling prices and reduction in volumes. 
With regards to DyStar case in Singapore Court, Kiri has filed an alternate relief application with 
Singapore International Commercial Court for enforcement of valuation judgment to recover 
US $603.8 million determined by SICC vide its judgment dated March 3rd 2023, wherein it has 
applied to SICC for making Senda International Capital Limited and DyStar Global Holdings 
Limited jointly and severally liable to complete the buyout wherein DyStar is to complete 
purchase of 17.57% of equity of DyStar held by Kiri at US $282.37 million within one month of 
the date of the Court order. Thereafter, Senda or DyStar and DyStar either or both of them buy 
balance 20% of equity of DyStar held by Kiri at US $321.43 million within four months of                          
the date of the Court order, for which a receiver to be appointed by the Court for limited 
purpose of executing the share purchase by DyStar. In the event, DyStar and Senda fail to 
comply with the order of the Court, DyStar should be wound up by the Court and pay                               
the buyout order amount of US $603.8 million and all interest and legal expenses in priority to 
Senda from liquidation of DyStar’s assets. Senda shall be liable to pay interest on final purchase 
price from April 3rd 2023 at 14.85% per annum or any alternate interest rate determined by       
the SICC until the completion of the purchase of Kiri shareholding in DyStar or until Kiri receives 
the full amount of the final purchase price, whichever is later. Senda to be restrained from 
transferring, charging or otherwise dealing with its shares in DyStar until full payment of                      
the final purchase price, and all interest and legal costs, to Kiri. DyStar shall also be liable to pay 
interest at 14.85% per annum or any alternative interest rate determined by SICC on                              
the amount of US $282.37 million, from the date on which the purchase should be completed 
until the date of completion of the purchase of 17.57% of Kiri’s shareholdings in DyStar or until 
Kiri receives its purchase price of remaining US $282.37 million, whichever is later. DyStar shall 
also be liable to pay interest at 14.85% per annum or any alternate interest rate determined 
by SICC on the amount of US $321.43 million from the date of court order on which                                    
the purchase would be completed by Senda until the date of completion of the purchase of 
20% of Kiri’s shareholding or until Kiri receives its said amount, whichever is later. So these are 

the prayers which have been submitted to the court. Additionally, the company has also 
commenced examination of the judgment debtor proceedings in SICC in relation to the cost 
orders made in Kiri's favors by SICC as well as by the Singapore Court of Appeal. Kiri has applied 
to examine Mr. Ruan Weixiang, the Chairman of Zhejiang Longsheng Group, the Chairman of 
DyStar and former Director of Senda International Capital, and Ms. Fan Jing, current Director 
of Senda International Capital Limited, for information on Senda’s assets. Kiri is currently taking 
steps to effect service of the relevant court documents on Mr. Ruan Weixiang and Ms. Fan Jing. 
With that, I would like to open the floor for any questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Manoj Bhura from Adinath Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Bhura: 
Manishji, my question is that you fought this battle and fought so well, you have done                                
a commendable job in the last 10 years. How far is the destination now? 
Manish Kiri: 
So as you can see now after getting all the reliefs and all the orders in Kiri’s favor from                             
the Supreme Court, we have entered into enforcement stage and as you are aware, 
enforcement stage is the final stage. Court is already involved. Court has been inducted on 
enforcing these judgments, so hopefully the timelines which would be decided by the Court on 
the proceedings of enforcement would be known in the next few weeks. And we'll be 
announcing to all the shareholders for the knowledge and this is very important question which 
you have asked. And now after almost 9 years, it's important that we have the definitive 
timeline from the Court to end this battle. So absolutely, we all are awaiting to have certain 
timelines on the prayers which Kiri has submitted to the Court on alternate reliefs. So let's hope 
that we have some positive information from the Court in the coming weeks. 
Manoj Bhura: 
Sir, maximum time how much it can take? What can be the maximum timeline in your opinion 
or in the opinion of your legal counsel, and you are also on the Board of DyStar also. There are 
5 Directors in DyStar, three are from Senda and two from Kiri. So don't you discuss anything? 
Do you attend board meetings? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. We attend all the board meetings. Kiri is participating in every board meeting which has 
been conducted by DyStar and Kiri has been regularly following up with Senda through Senda’s 
counsel from Kiri’s counsel on a very regular basis. Now, based on the legal advice that we have 
received, this may take anywhere from 6 months to a year and it all depends on how fast Court 
is acting to take the necessary actions which Kiri has asked or prayed to the Court, so I think 
that is what the timelines as for the current advice that we have. But I suppose as and when 
the Court is progressing on enforcement, we'll have more clarity on the timelines, which would 
be fixed. So but you can say that you can understand that this is the range and the limit which 
we are being advised as on today. 

Manoj Bhura: 
Manishji, Singapore is a very well governed state, their judiciary and their system is very robust 
and Senda has a money too, DyStart also got money. They are resource rirch and what is                         
the reason they are not giving money, what is the underlying reason? Do they have a thought 
that they don’t want to pay money and they are looking for another way? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think they are dragging this matter and I think they are passing as much time as they can and 
you can understand that when they haven't paid the legal cost, there is no trust left from                     
Kiri side on their intentions of paying, correct and if they had intentions to pay, we believe, and 
it is Kiri’s belief and the management belief that they could have paid by this time. Lot of time 
has passed since March 3rd. We are almost after five and half months of the final decree and 
final order from the Court and having very strong financial health of not only DyStar, but as you 
have rightly said, also very strong financial health of Longsheng and looking at those numbers, 
we can only interpret that the Senda side and the Senda has a lack of interest, trust or intention 
to pay this amount. Otherwise, we would not have required to file enforcements. Otherwise 
on a normal situation and if we are dealing with a normal defendant or a rational defendant to 
dishonour Court’s order would not what we would expect, and that also Singapore Court orders 
and I'm pretty sure we have full trust in judiciary of Singapore. 
Manoj Bhura: 
That is what I am saying the who would want to go to the jail for contempt of law because                      
he has money? 
Manish Kiri: 
Exactly. Even though they are behaving that way, so that's the reality. 
Manoj Bhura: 
That is why I just wanted to know what is in their mind. Do you have any idea? Because in                     
the board meetings, you participate and discuss with them also, you are on talking terms with 
the Directors? 
Manish Kiri: 
Correct. So the Senda’s stand till now is to inform us as well as to inform to the Court that                   
they would pay. They have intent to pay. That is what the communication that we have been 
receiving at all levels and they need some time to pay. That is the stand that we have and that 
is what we have been conveyed by them till now, right. But you know we cannot read their 
inside mind, but this is what has been communicated to us. 
Manoj Bhura: 
No sir, you are very intelligent, I must compliment you on your intelligence. 
Manish Kiri: 
Thank you for that. And that is the reason that that we have been now requesting Court and 
we have full trust in Singapore judiciary, you are very right to say that very reliable, merit based 
and excellent judiciary we are dealing with. And I have full trust that the Singapore…. 
Manoj Bhura: 
Last time in our conference call I told you one thing that Rs. 1100 per share we will get 
approximately at the current capital, market price is 280 so why don’t you buy back you are 
getting shares at such a cheap rate which is almost 20% of the real value. 

Manish Kiri: 
Right. So that all depends on the financial ability that promoters have or the funds availability 
that promoters have. And I can assure you from promoter sides and I told earlier also we have 
been quite keen, we are keen and if we are able to have the resources and arrange the funds, 
we will be very pleased to do so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move on to the next question. It's from the line of Satish Kumar, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Satish Kumar: 
Sir, what purpose you have taken the Rs. 60 crores loan? 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, the loan which has been taken specifically to pay the legal fees and legal cost as you can 
see that Senda has failed to pay the legal cost to Kiri, the legal cost award. And the final award, 
which Kiri received was November 2022. It has been a very long time and we have to ensure 
that we pay to our legal counsels in Singapore to continue the battle. So the purpose to raise 
loan was to pay legal cost and that is what we have done. Almost entire loan that we have 
availed has been utilized to pay the legal cost at Singapore and you can see that the profit 
generation and cash generation has been not there for a few years and that's the reason that 
this decision is taken to continue battle at Singapore. Thank you. 
Satish Kumar: 
And one more question, why you have taken 5-1/2 months to file enforcement proceeding? 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, this five and half months, Kiri has been doing it best in pursuing Senda, in following up 
with Senda and trying to receive this award from Senda and eventually after lot of 
correspondence, after lot of follow-ups, when we see that we are not having hope to receive 
these funds and time is running out, then we file the enforcement to the Court. So we made 
all our efforts as per our ability and best we can do before we went to Court for enforcement. 
Satish Kumar: 
One more question sir. In every concall you are saying, one of the reason s for the three years 
is not passing, you are increasing the raw material price, to the customer, when you are going 
to pass to the customers? How much time it will take? Generally it takes six months or                           
one year. For last three years, we are saying not passing increase in raw material prices to                    
the customer? 
Manish Kiri: 
So the fundamental reason for the situation is market demand and demand in textiles, demand 
in textile dyes market has drastically dropped. And for example, if you look at the exports of 
reactive dyes from India has significantly dropped in last 2 years. Unless and until this demands 
improve, we will not be able to have the margin enough to pass on the cost because there is                      
a reduced demand and everyone, every players, every manufacturer is fighting for this reduced 
demand and that doesn't allow the price levels to reach to a point to pass on the fluctuations 
of the raw material prices and I don't see that the demand would revive that quickly, but                     
we strongly believe that in the next 2 quarters, at least the demand cycle may turn around. 
This is probably the longest low demand cycle we have ever experienced since we started. And 

there are a number of newspaper articles where you can see and you can read that the one of 
the worst times in the demand that we have experienced in the dye industry particularly. 
Satish Kumar: 
When will we expect the amount will credit to Kiri account this 603 million  and  legal amount 
tentatively? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think we are doing our best and more it would depend on the Court, how fast they are able 
to speedly take actions from the alternate relief that Kiri has requested to the Court. Because 
we have lost trust on Senda that they would really honor the Court order after almost                         
5 ½ -6 months. So we are dependent on the enforcement timings from the Court and                              
we believe earlier we get it, the better we would be able to give good news to the shareholders. 
Satish Kumar: 
When will we expect the Court date sir for this enforcement hearing? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think next two weeks we should have something from the Court on fixing the timeline. So we 
are hopeful for that. We are also hopeful the next case management conference should be 
arranged as soon as possible. And there we would have more clarity and we'll update you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V. P. Rajesh from Banyan capital. Please go 
ahead. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
My question is regarding this loan that we have taken. Have we taken it from bank or some 
other third party? And what is the interest rate associated with it? 
Manish Kiri: 
The loan has been taken from an NBFC and the interest and let me put it this way and                             
the backend amount to be paid all put together would cost us around 18% and IRR that we 
would end up paying and it is in a structured manner. So we have linked the back-ended 
payment with the expected receipt from DyStar. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
Right, so what is the tenure for this loan? 
Manish Kiri: 
It's two years tenure. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
And obviously you will have more legal cost over the next 6 to 12 months as you earlier said 
about the time period it will take to enforce this. So how much more legal cost you think you 
will incur and therefore you perhaps may have to go and take some more loan as well, is that 
the right way to think about it? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, that is the right way to think about it. I believe so. And if you look at the current run rate, 
we are looking at least even if I on a safer side estimate for the next one year, somewhere 
between US$4 million to US$5 million. That would be the additional loan. If this thing 
continues, unfortunately that we might end up even taking more. Again, on purely to make 
payments from the legal cost and none of these funds are being utilized for the operations of 
the company. 

V. P. Rajesh: 
Right. And the other question is this a secured or unsecured loan? 
Manish Kiri: 
It is a secured loan. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
It's a secured loan. If you can just talk about a little more about the process that will go in 
Singapore with respect to the enforcement, that will be helpful because you have written it in 
this slide, but it was not very clear why it is being split into two portions and whether they will 
appoint a banker to liquidate the assets, just if you can give some more color on that side, that 
will be helpful? 
Manish Kiri: 
Sure. Very importantly, if you summarize essentially what we are requesting Court or praying 
Court is quite simple. We are telling Court that we have lost trust in Senda, so as an alternate 
relief, the first thing you should do or we propose to do is to transfer some of the DyStar’s cash 
and cash reserve to Kiri. And we believe that there is enough cash which is more than                      
US$400 million at DyStar and out of that, at least $282 million to be transferred to Kiri and to 
that extent do a capital reduction. That's what we are requesting Court. And to do this, we 
believe that even if Court decides and even if Court gives order to Senda, we don't trust Senda 
that they will honor the judgement because they have not honored any of the judgments 
earlier, right. So if we want to make this effective, we prayed Court that also send a receiver 
along with the order and give a definitive timeline to receiver to execute the cash transfer from 
DyStar to Kiri and to execute capital reduction at DyStar level and we have requested Court 
that 30 days would be enough time because cash is sitting there, it shouldn't take longer than 
four weeks to collect this cash and transfer to Kiri. So that is the first option we are giving to 
Court with sensible reason that DyStar is a running company. Dystar is a strong financial 
company. It is not an illiquid company. It is only because of Senda’s default, Dystar would need 
to be utilizing its cash to justify and to fulfill the legal obligation of Senda because DyStar at the 
end of the day, 62% of it is Senda’s asset, right. So that's why the first request is now if the first 
request by any reason not ordered by the Court or if the receiver is not successful in executing 
the first prayer and the first request, then no choice but to wind up Senda. So we are giving 
DyStar a chance right to survive before it has been wound up. But unfortunately, if it doesn't 
happen, then well then DyStar goes for liquidation and put a liquidator at DyStar, sell either as 
a going concern or in the pieces and the assets, whatever liquidity decides and whatever funds 
are received by liquidation, fulfill the legal obligation of Kiri, transferring to Kiri for the buyout 
order for the pending legal cost, for the interest if interest is awarded, interest on the legal 
costs, transfer all this to Kiri and whatever and remaining amount would go to Senda. So if 
DyStar is sold at a higher value or a lower value, does not matter. We have prayed to the Court 
that ours is the fixed amount. If DyStar is sold at 3 billion or 1 billion or whatever amount, 
whatever is left after that, all will go to Senda, it is as simple as that. So essentially this is what 
we are requesting and praying to Court. We have also, by the way recommended who should 
be the receiver and who should be the liquidator to save Court’s time. So we want the next 
order from the Court which sets the next alternate relief options and alternate relief order 
from the Court along with the enforcement and execution step because only order we don't 
trust Senda would do anything. So whichever order comes, it has to come with an enforcement 

steps included as a part of the order. That is what we are doing right now, I hope that gives you 
more clarity on what we have prayed to Court. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
This is extremely helpful. Just a quick follow up. So what has been the precedence in Singapore 
with respect to such situations or this is the first case that where they are going to go for 
enforcement or potentially liquidation, that's one. And then in terms of liquidation, will the 
control of the business go in the hand of the liquidator as opposed to the current management 
and the board of the DyStar will be suspended. How will it work in the Court system? 
Manish Kiri: 
To answer your second question first, once the liquidator is put by DyStar as per the liquidation 
regulations, as per the liquidation rules of the Court, the management control would go to 
liquidator. Liquidator would supersede the board and liquidator will decide what to do next for 
the company, as simple as that. There would not be management control with Senda. It would 
be then all with liquidator. That is second answer. The precedence regarding Singapore Court, 
specifically in its act, has both the options that we are requesting to Court right and there are 
precedences, some precedences in Singapore Court, some precedences in UK also. In 2020, 
there was a case in UK where the cash of the company, 50% cash of the company was 
transferred to sufferer in a minority operation case. So precedences are there. And particularly 
Singapore Act is so nicely covering both the options that we have mentioned. So there is in the 
Act and there is nothing novel or nothing innovative that we are praying to Court. So hopefully, 
that helps to have the quick decision from the Court at the earliest possible. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
Understood. And then on the business side, even in the last call you talked about that the 
industry is bottoming out and things will get better, but unfortunately it hasn't played out like 
that. And I know initially we talked about that this has been a very long down cycle. But you 
know what are the sort of markets you are monitoring to see when the industry is either about 
to turn around or it is turning around, like if the capacity going out of the industry, if you can 
just give some color on the state of the industry and how you see it progressing over the next 
12 months in terms of the kind of competitors who are out there etc.? 
Manish Kiri: 
Two major indicators that we continue monitoring. Number one is the textile utilization 
capacity of the units and the textile processor who we serve our products and who we supply 
our products, not only India but also outside India. So when we see that the capacity of textile 
processor has been continuously at a very low side, they are operating less than 50% of their 
installed capacities. That's the first indicator which shows if there is an improvement in the 
demands for textile because majority of these dyes are used in textile and unfortunately that's 
where the dependency is. Second is the demand for dyes, intermediates and dyes related 
chemicals. All groups which serves chemicals to textile and somehow, even though we have 
been quite hopeful, practically we have not seen even export to be picking up and also the 
domestic demand to be improving, so that's the second indicator. The moment we see our 
order book is building, the moment we see that the inquiries from the major buyers and for 
the various stock points are improving or increasing, we do not see that we will have a major 
turn around and unfortunately we haven't seen till date. Now, we usually in the past in a normal 

year for example used to have at least two months order book or three months order book, 
right. Now, we are running the weekly order book, so after the current week, we do not know 
what we will be getting orders and shipping in the next two weeks. So when we see our order 
book building, when we see that the inquiries are increasing, when we see that the capacity 
utilization at customer level is improving, these are the realistic indicators we would not be 
able to say complete that  the demand will improve. 
V. P. Rajesh: 
Well, that's very helpful. Just a quick follow up, Manish about the competitors. Are you seeing 
some of the smaller or weaker players shutting down their capacities etc., any color on that or 
everybody is just going after that small pie of business that's left? 
Manish Kiri: 
It's already happening, right. In the last one year, I think I have seen at various levels more than 
120 small manufacturers to sell their business, to exit from this business. For example, I have 
seen that at least 4 H-Acid manufacturing plants have been permanently shut down or exited 
from H-Acid business, right? We see on and off plants are, including ours running at extremely 
low capacity and on and off some are stopped, then some are opened again, again stopped, 
again restarted. So we see this on and off also happening on a temporary basis. But as you said 
very rightly, some of the players who may not be able to survive would be permanently closed 
down, and that consolidation is happening not only in India but also in China. As on today as 
we speak, only 4 plants are operational, manufacturing H-Acid in China, the impact is even 
more. At least 9 to 10 plants are already closed, some temporarily maybe and some are closed 
permanently too. So we see that shrinkage and that consolidation is happening in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkata Suresh Kumar from Burrams Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Venkata Suresh Kumar: 
Actually, you updated the case in mostly but one doubt sir. Actually, chemical industry is 
suffering from orders you told, but DyStar, what is the DyStar position in order book or business 
wise, how is the DyStar holding? 
Manish Kiri: 
So DyStar is also being impacted. If you look at the quarterly numbers of DyStar, which we have 
just announced for the same quarter, which are much lower than the earlier quarterly 
numbers, right and DyStar’s gross margin has gone down by at least 6%, especially EBIT running 
has gone down by 60%. So because of the sluggish market, because of the demand being lower, 
DyStar’s numbers are impacted and similarly other companies’ numbers are also impacted. But 
please keep in mind and we have been disclosing this in every quarter for the last 5-6 years 
that whatever DyStar’s numbers are today, even though we are statutorily obligated to 
consolidate with Kiri’s books, those numbers have nothing to do with the DyStar’s 
performance, DyStar’s value and DyStar’s status today to affect the Kiri’s award from the Court. 
So US $603.8 million is only plus whatever further interest and legal costs, it's only Kiri has a 
right to get from DyStar. Whether DyStar makes bumper profit leads to a bumper value or 
deterioration on the value, Kiri has nothing to do with it. Kiri is only entitled to receive this 
number. This number is decided based on DyStar value as on dated 3rd July 2018, right and 

that is what we are entitled to get. But we continue to monitor DyStar’s value. We continue to 
monitor DyStar’s cash. We continue to monitor the performance because at the end of the day, 
you know as our alternate prayer stipulates, depends on when the DyStar is sold and if 
eventually needs to be wound up, the sale price, whatever would be received, the priority 
should be to Kiri to pay the dues to Kiri and remaining go to Senda. So whatever fluctuation on 
the valuation, we believe that the Senda is the one who would be impacted at the end of                      
the day and not Kiri, up or down. 
Venkata Suresh Kumar: 
Actually, DyStar is going to liquidator, you told that, but any chances is there you hand over   
the management of DyStar at 51% above stake, you can value and you can hand over                              
the DyStar, any chances there, you are interested to hand over the DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, there is no chance for that. There is a zero chance for that. 
Venkata Suresh Kumar: 
Why sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
And because Kiri's award from the Court, Kiri's remedy to the Court is buyout. And buyout is 
ordered against Senda, which is the majority shareholder. So it's very clear, Court direction is 
very clear, Court order is very clear that Kiri has to receive money and Kiri has to sell its shares 
to Senda. So there is no other order from the Court. Kiri is the sufferer, Senda is oppressor.                  
So that's the only order and that's the only resolution that Kiri receives his funds, Kiri transfer 
its shares to Senda and Senda has to buy Kiri shares if Court order is to be honored and 
whatever is the Court’s next order how Kiri is to receive the funds is what the next order would 
be because that is what the remedy has been awarded by the Court and remedy is not                           
the reverse. So that will have to follow the Court order. So there is no such chance, zero chance 
for this. Of course, when the liquidator goes in and if DyStar ends of getting wound up, then 
liquidator would need to manage and control the company meanwhile, and neither Senda nor 
Kiri would be in the management control, it would be in the hands of liquidator to do the next 
course of action as per the Court order at that time. 
Venkata Suresh Kumar: 
Actually after Senda is not honored the Court case, but goes for liquidator to manage DyStar, 
after that DyStar, they liquidate and interested buyers are there to take DyStar assets or                  
DyStar Private Limited? 
Manish Kiri: 
No. Kiri has no interest. Kiri has a receiver of the liquidation proceeds. 
Venkata Suresh Kumar: 
Actually other parties are interested to buy DyStar stake, even Kiri stake. 
Manish Kiri: 
I'm sure other parties would be interested to buy DyStar, to acquire DyStar. There would be 
enough interest of such a company, right, which is zero debt, financially strong, very good 
standing in the market, world's largest dye distributor. So there would be enough interest from 
the market to acquire DyStar. And it's not about acquiring Kiri shares, Kiri shares are to be sold 
to the buyer decided by the Court, which is the oppressor, which is Senda only, but if Senda 

fails to fulfil its obligation, Senda’s assets are DyStar’s shares. So Senda’s assets which are 
DyStar’s shares in Singapore to be sold. Along with it, the buyer would also get Kiri shares and 
the whole company is to be sold. That is the only remedy that we end up with or liquidated. 
And in that scenario, whatever proceeds are received, Kiri is the recipient of the proceeds and 
there is enough interest, I believe outside in the market. 
Venkata Suresh Kumar: 
What is the time expected? This is the process you can expect at least minimum or one or two 
months or it can take more time, sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think as I indicated earlier, based on the legal advice, anywhere from practically six months to 
a year depending on how eventually alternate remedy is enforced is the timeframe that we can 
expect. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyansh, an individual investor. 
Priyansh: 
What I'm saying that in the PPT submitted on 10th of July to the Stock Exchange, it was 
mentioned that the Sheriff of Singapore has taken the position of shares to recoup or to recover 
the legal cost. But then on 25th of July like another letter issued by your good company to the 
Stock Exchange mentioned that you have applied for this examination of Mr. Ruan and so on 
and so. So why there is a change of fact because once there is…? 
Manish Kiri: 
Let me explain to you, very important question you have asked and there should not be 
confusion. Here, there are two different actions taken, right for the objective to enforce the 
legal cost award. So when the shares are attached, shares are attached under the application 
of writ that Kiri filed to seize and sell their shares to the extent of legal cost, correct. So those 
shares are attached by Court to the extent of legal cost by taking actions from the Court, right. 
That is to attach the asset of the defaulter. Number two, the judicial examination which is what 
has been now triggered, is the part of the beginning of the process that Kiri has filed, which 
may relates to the contempt of Court, correct. So attaching asset for recover money is one 
action correct which is not and judicial examination of the judgment debtor is a second action, 
correct? Both are different actions. Second action leads to the criminal offence at the end of 
the day if that has been proven and the first, it relates to the recovery of the legal costs.                            
So these are the two actions taken not at the replacement of each other, but both the actions 
on the applications for the same objective to recover the legal cost award. 
Priyansh: 
That's very good. So where do we stand on the position of the shares taken by The Sheriff Office 
like DyStart to look for the buyers or whether Kiri has formally engaged banker to look for                    
the buyer for the share? 
Manish Kiri: 
See, the shares have already been attached and shares are in the process of selling them.                      
We have requested, we have communicated that those shares are less than 1% of DyStar 
shares. And if you look at the Kiri’s alternate relief application, which also includes selling of 
DyStar shares, DyStar shares hold by them and also DyStar is hold by Kiri. So it makes sense to 

sell the shares all together as a one lot when the legal cost is to be recovered, when                                    
the valuation of our also is to be recovered rather than a two step process, we request th court 
to sell everything, all shares of Senda to recover both because the chances for the buyer to buy 
DyStar as a whole are much brighter than buying a DyStar less than 1% share. 
Priyansh: 
So, sir, what I was saying that I know that like taking together, for example 603 plus                         
10-15 million about that one, so 630 million approximately, how much it will translate to                            
the equivalent percent with the holding of the company of the DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, if you look at 603 million which was 38% of Kiri’s shares, right, and the total value of what 
I remember correctly assessed by the Court and decided by the Court was 1.632 billion, right. 
That was the value as on July 2018. So that was the value assessed by the Court as                             
US$1.6 billion approximately and then 603.8 not only includes the 38% of Kiri, but also include 
the amount of the oppressive acts which Senda had conducted on Kiri and the amount which 
Court decided on several oppressive acts are included in 603.8 million. 
Priyansh: 
Suppose like 38% if you are going to sell or to Court want you to sell, so it means will it also 
that amount to be open offered. Will it also trigger open offer to the local…. 
Manish Kiri: 
DyStar is not listed company, right? So there's nothing like open offer. It's an unlisted private 
company and it is the failure of Senda, it is the default of Senda and Senda is having more than 
a billion dollar asset, which is DyStar shares. So logically, a defaulter’s asset is to be sold. Along 
with that, Kiri shares are also to be sold because the buyer would then buy the whole company 
and the liquidation has to take place because of the default of Senda. So when we pray to Court 
to sell everything is basically to liquidate everything and the liquidation can happen as the sale 
of the whole company or liquidation can also happen by selling the assets in pieces depending 
on how the liquidator is going to decide. What is the quickest end method in the reasonable 
time to realize whatever value is realized. So when we talk about liquidation, it may not tend 
amount to selling DyStar only as a going concern. It could be a part of it, but also selling the 
assets in the pieces and in whatever manner liquidator can liquidate the company and wind up 
the company, as simple as that. 
Priyansh: 
Did we request the Court to sell the pieces? 
Manish Kiri: 
We requested Court if you look at the announcement, liquidate the company, the word is the 
liquidation and winding up of DyStar, correct. So liquidation process includes any means that 
can be used to wind up the company, either pieces or full or whatever in whichever manner. 
However liquidator can get the realization at the earliest, that is what liquidator will decide. 
Priyansh: 
So they said it's very important that we like vested party should look for the buyers now itself 
because as you know they are the liquidator, are the government officials, their business 
estimate is not as sharp as you people have. So I think it's prudent to look for the buyers right 
now and getting some investor banker, let's say you know, for example, you know just like.. 

Manish Kiri: 
Very true. Now, the market knows that this kind of actions could be there from the Court. Now 
market knows that DyStar could go for liquidation and that allows the potential buyers to 
already keep their eyes on this happening. And to be honestly with you, we also have got few 
inquiries, there is interest in the market, there is interest in the business and there are 
interested parties already there. So we will see how we can help and facilitate such process 
when the liquidator is already appointed by the Court. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashit Gothi, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashit Gothi: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. One is assuming as and when that funds will come, you will 
deploy that fund and whatever, but I think couple of quarters back or maybe a year or two 
back, you had said that we are also exploring other options, other opportunities. We have 
recruited a number of people and we are kind of shortlisting new activities and new plans. I am 
assuming that those everything is on hold as we do not have a positive cash flow right now? 
Manish Kiri: 
See, some of those activities are not stopped, but still continuing because we continue to look 
at the options, we continue to explore the opportunities. We continue to keep a good staff, a 
good management team, which is mainly involved in in assessment and evaluating various 
projects, correct. We strongly believe that the funds are not uncertain, funds are going to 
come. This issue would be resolved eventually. It's only a matter of time and we should be 
prepared when the time comes that what options Kiri has to invest, so those activities are 
ongoing currently also. 
Ashit Gothi: 
How much are we spending on that, it is one part and second is our current business.                               
For last two years or three years or maybe more, I don't know, I'll have to go through again all 
last ten quarters or 12 quarters, but we are in the process, operational losses? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, correct. 
Ashit Gothi: 
Is there no change in product mix or no change of activities within, means moving away from 
commodities and trying with the existing infrastructure, trying to produce  specialty products 
to become cash positive. 
Manish Kiri: 
Let me tell you this quarter, right, the quarter which we are discussing today has turned to cash 
positive. This quarter is EBITDA positive, right. So number one, there is a change there and                  
the result is itself showing that we have turned positive cash on standalone as well as on 
consolidation basis, both number one. Number two, there are several changes in terms of 
product mix, in terms of cost reduction, which has reflected the improvement in this quarter 
compared to earlier quarters, right. Number three, when you talk about investment on the 
future possibilities of projects or acquisitions or whatever Kiri would invest for this amount 
when it is received, correct, we are not putting money into plant machinery or any CAPEX 
related investment as on today, right. What we are investing and what we are continued to 

invest is in the people, on the people because we want to make sure that we hold on to good 
people, good project analysis is to be done correct and which is in the best interest of the 
company, right? So those expenses are the expenses which ranges every month somewhere in 
between around Rs. 15 lakhs to Rs. 20 lakhs and that continued to incur as on today. Because 
eventually when we arrive to stage, we don't want to be a blank that well now money is coming 
tomorrow morning, but we have no idea, not at all, to inform our shareholder that we have no 
clue what we will do with this and you don't want me to say that after six months or a year. So 
that's the reason that we continue, I remember this, we only invest into people and the 
management bandwidth right now, but not in the nature of putting CAPEX or buying machinery 
or doing anything like that. 
Ashit Gothi: 
If you could throw some more light on change in product mix and change in business plan on 
existing structure of our plant? 
Manish Kiri: 
See, what we have done is we have been trying to sell lesser and lesser intermediate in the 
open market, right and try to consume more within the group, which means we try to consume 
more at dye plants at Kiri, also dyes plant at Lonsen Kiri, right and lesser sell on outside as far 
as intermediates are concerned and the biggest negative earnings today is not at dyes level, 
but at the intermediate level because those plants at a lower capacity utilization, the nature is 
that it generates more losses compared to dyes plants. That's number one. Number two, we 
have changed our patent on making certain specialty products for certain days and then putting 
on hold. So for example, if we run ten days a month, we operate 10 days a month. We produce 
specific products and then we reduce cost for the next 20 days and then next month we run  
10 days again, correct. And that all relates to optimizing our steam cost, optimizing our power 
cost, optimizing our people cost and switching people from one plant to other, all those things 
which we can do to improve efficiency and to manage our cost with the optimum level we are 
doing so, correct. But please remember when India's export of reactive dyes, which was ranging 
somewhere from 17,000 ton to 20,000 ton is today in between 10,000 to 11,000 ton for the 
last 1-1/2 years, correct. So that drastic reduction is at all product level, not like some are 
impacted, some are not and that's the reason that we have to make all these changes which                 
I just mentioned for us to survive and I can tell you one thing if there is no legal cost incurring, 
right, we would be EBITDA positive, we have been EBITDA positive for about a year. As far as 
operations are concerned, operations are managed in a way that we can survive and sustain. 
The biggest impact which you see and happening is the legal cost impact, right? So legal cost 
impact is driving the margins down and legal cost impact is the only reason that Kiri ended up 
borrowing money and paying to the lawyers, otherwise we would not have done so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Manish Kiri: 
I would like to thank all of you to participate today in the conference. We would continue to 
update our shareholders and the market with the material changes which will come to know 
in the next days and weeks. I wish you all the best and see you in the next call. Thank you. 

Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kiri Industries Limited, we conclude today's conference. Thank you all 
for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
