 
 
July 18, 2023 
 
 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532281 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: HCLTECH 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on July 12, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
This is to inform you that in terms of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call held on July 12, 2023, post the 
announcement of the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, has 
been uploaded on our Company’s website https://www.hcltech.com/investors/results-reports. 
 
   A copy of the transcript is also enclosed. 
 
This is for your information and records.               
  
Thanking you, 
    
For HCL Technologies Limited 
 
 
Manish Anand 
Company Secretary 
 
Manish 
Anand
Digitally signed by 
Manish Anand 
Date: 2023.07.18 
10:45:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“HCL Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 12, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C. VIJAYAKUMAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – HCL TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PRATEEK AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN SUNDARARAJAN - CHIEF 
PEOPLE OFFICER – HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY GUNTUR – PRESIDENT, ENGINEERING AND 
R&D SERVICES – HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MENDIRATTA – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – HCL TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HCL Technologies Limited Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sanjay Mendiratta, Head Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Sanjay Mendiratta: 
Thank you, Aman. Good morning and good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to 
HCLTech Q1 Fiscal 24 Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. C. Vijayakumar, CEO and 
Managing Director at HCLTech, Mr. Prateek Aggarwal, Chief Financial Officer, along with the 
broader leadership team to discuss the performance of the company during the quarter, followed 
by Q&A. 
In the course of this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involve 
a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements 
made herein are based on information presently available to the management, and the company 
does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made in the course of 
this call. In this regard, please do review the safe harbor statements in the formal investor release 
document and all the factors that can cause the difference. Thank you, and over to you, CVK. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Thank you, Sanjay. Good evening and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today for HCLTech's first quarter FY24 Earnings Call. Getting into our business performance 
for the quarter, Q1 is seasonally a soft quarter for HCLTech. As you would know, a lot of 
productivity benefits for a number of deals kick in during this quarter. Our revenues declined 
1.3% sequentially and grew 6.3% on a year-on-year basis in constant currency. Our services 
revenue was down 1% quarter on quarter. 
Having said that, though we did expect this to be a soft quarter, our performance was lower than 
our expectation in our Services business. I'll go over some of the details on the factors 
influencing these in a few minutes. In terms of our operating performance, our EBIT came in at 
17%. This is at the same level as our Q1 last year. On a sequential basis, it has declined from 
18.1% to 17% this quarter. In terms of segmental performance, our IT and business services had 
a good momentum on new deals signed. But most of these gains were offset with reduction in 
discretionary spend on digital. 
This has resulted in our ITBS business being flat in constant currency. Our ERS business has 
continued to be soft. Again, primarily driven by a couple of large verticals. ERS reported a 
decline of 5.2% sequentially in constant currency. HCLSoftware revenue was stable year on 
year in constant currency. The annual recurring revenue, the ARR metric, has grown nicely at 
4.7% year on year, and is now US$ 1.04 billion, which augurs well for the future. In terms of 
industry verticals, our three largest verticals are Financial Services, Manufacturing, followed by 
Life Sciences. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
We've delivered strong double digit growth in all the three verticals on a year on year basis. 
Financial services business grew 5.1% sequentially and 14.4% year on year in constant currency. 
Manufacturing grew 3.6% sequentially, and 16.5% year on year. Life sciences grew 13.4% year 
on year. These have been due to great execution of large deals, which translated into revenue. 
This has helped significantly offset the discretionary spend reduction in these verticals. 
We saw significant declines in our Tech and Telecom verticals, primarily driven by cuts in 
discretionary spend and some associated ramp downs. The pipeline in these verticals are strong 
and they're in advanced stages. We expect the growth to pick up in the coming quarters in these 
two verticals. In terms of geographies, US reported flat, while Europe and APAC reported a 
negative growth on a constant currency basis sequentially. Over on a year on year basis, Europe 
grew 10.5%, followed by Americas at 7.3% and rest of the world 6% decline in constant 
currency. 
Before I get into our bookings and pipeline, I want to talk about two key topics. One is Gen AI 
and the second one is HCLSoftware. In terms of Gen AI, I would like to give you a quick update 
on our Gen AI initiatives. Our approach to Gen AI has been driven by engineering and 
innovation spirit. Given a tool as powerful as Gen AI, all our efforts are geared towards 
harnessing its power to bring exponential innovation to our products, solutions, and services. 
We are also an early adopter of Gen AI technologies as a client at the same time. 
Our philosophy of consulting, creating, embedding and integrating AI within Silicon to 
infrastructure, apps, data, and business processes. With our engineering heritage, we've been 
involved in co-creating AI technology stack for the last two decades. Currently, we have 140 
plus external and internal projects in Gen AI at various stages of maturity from proof of concept 
to implementation. We've deployed at scale AI option or operations and engineering business 
for over a decade and have carved those IPs to fuel the intelligent automation which is DRYiCE 
product line in HCLSoftware. 
We implemented an AI tech solution, a Generative AI-powered human-like voice conversation 
bot for a global healthcare company specializing in medical devices, diagnostics, nutrition 
products and pharmaceuticals. We also implemented an enterprise open AI search using Power 
Virtual Agent Co-Pilot for a federal corporation responsible for supplying the state's bulk water 
needs. We're also working on an intelligent aggregator for automated data collection from health 
authority sites, trial registries, news company websites and regulatory sites. 
The information thus collected will be automatically summarized using a Gen AI-based large 
language model and the summary will be shared with select recipients via email alerts. A few 
pharma medical devices and technology multinationals have signed up for this solution as pilot 
programs. Talking a little bit on HCLSoftware, we are making good progress with our go-to-
market strategy. 
We are primarily focused on customer success as a key strategy through a customer success 
organization. There is a strong renewal focus through a focused approach under senior 
leadership. There is a dedicated organization to drive partner ecosystems. Four routes on go-to-
market with partners have been established, which is GSI, Hyperscalers, OEM ISVs and 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Business partners. We now have sharp focus on Business partners for big market segment, 
resulting in a clearly defined pipeline for partner-generated leads. About 10% of new license 
booking this quarter has come from partner-generated leads. We continue to emphasize on large 
deals in Software, 11 large deals have been signed this quarter. 
All this has led to our ARR growth, which continues to grow at 4.7% year-on-year on a constant 
currency basis. In terms of product strategy, we are moving forward with a four-cloud strategy 
around our products. This includes Business Cloud. Products in our Business Cloud portfolio 
are designed to support the entire user lifecycle by providing industry-leading system integration 
from applications to endpoint. 
The second cloud is AppDev Cloud, from securely collaborating and automating an 
organization's core processes to creating great omni-channel and contextual multi-experiences. 
Our AppDev Cloud helps companies around the world transform digitally. The third is 
Intelligent Automation Cloud. We transform and simplify IT and business operations by 
leveraging AI and Cloud. 
And the fourth is Hybrid Data Cloud, where customers demand a data platform that is 
dependable, adaptable and simple to use. We deliver on that promise with our Analytics 
Database and Cloud Data Platform. We continue to create partnerships and alliances on Gen AI 
in our HCLSoftware business. We have recently signed partnerships on Gen AI with 
Hyperscalers to strengthen our offerings through partnerships and alliances. 
We are infusing and plugging Gen AI capabilities into our products using HCL PromptO, which 
is HCL’s enterprise-grade orchestration and prompt engineering platform and partner 
collaboration. Example, Unica, Marketing Automation: these products are creating generative 
AI capabilities with our Hyperscaler partners on Co-pilot and Duet AI. Some of our products are 
already with Gen AI features. 
Just moving to bookings. As you will remember, our bookings for previous quarters have been 
in the range of 2 billion-plus for the last seven quarters. This quarter, our bookings came in at 
US$ 1.6 billion, which was soft. Bookings are normally lumpy. We expect some spikes in the 
coming quarters that will more than make up for the drop in Q1. 
I want to call out a few important deals that we signed this quarter. A Fortune 50 healthcare 
company selected HCLTech as a strategic partner for managing its end-to-end IT infrastructure, 
modernizing the infrastructure through cloud and security services. HCLTech will consolidate 
these services from multiple vendors and streamline them to transform business operations for 
the client. 
A global financial services company has selected us as a digital transformation partner. We will 
help the client accelerate their journey to a hybrid cloud environment and build a secure and 
resilient technology architecture in new technologies to serve customers with digital-first 
experiences. 
A U.S.-based healthcare company selected HCLTech for large digital transformation and 
managed services mandate. HCLTech will enhance the client's customer experience and 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
business productivity by modernizing IT-enabled and order-to-cache processes. This is one of 
the largest deals signed in this quarter, greater than US$ 250 million. 
On the product side, a large Asian stock exchange selected HCLSoftware's DX platform to 
support their digital transformation journey and the growing trading volumes. A Euro-based 
financial services firm has expanded its partnership with HCLSoftware for its Latin American 
operations. 
The client will leverage the Unica marketing automation platform to serve its growing customer 
base through digital-first banking services. In terms of pipeline, I'm happy to report that our 
pipeline continues to grow. Like last quarter, our pipeline this quarter has increased significantly. 
So the last two quarters have seen growth in efficiency-led programs, which is a combination of 
transformation that is leading to cost efficiency and global delivery models driving cost 
efficiencies. 
So these deals have shaped up quite well, and we see several of them in the advanced stages in 
the pipeline. And this is what is giving us confidence about our ability to convert these large 
deals in the coming quarters. And these deals are well distributed across U.S. and Europe and in 
APAC. It is also distributed across our service lines and verticals. So we see this as a fairly 
broad-based trend in our pipeline, and the maturity of the pipeline is good. 
So forward-looking, I'm optimistic because of the strong pipeline, and many of these projects 
are in advanced stages. We continue to invest and gear ourselves to execute well on these 
projects, even though it has resulted in a dip in utilization to cater to the deals we are expecting 
in the coming quarters. 
In terms of people, our net headcount reduced approximately by 2,500 people during the quarter, 
while we added 1,800 freshers in line with our plan. Our headcount has reduced primarily due 
to the fact that we've consciously not backfilled some of our attrition. Our attrition is continuing 
to come down. Last 12-month attrition is at 16.3%, down 7.5% year-on-year. 
One of the important decisions we take during this quarter, during this time of the year, is about 
compensation reviews for our employees and the budget required for that. This year, we've made 
a decision to skip the compensation review, starting with the management layer, which is E4+, 
and also defer for junior to mid-level people by a quarter, which is E3 and below levels. While 
we do this, we will continue to closely monitor the industry trends and, as appropriate, take 
measures as required. 
Looking ahead, we are retaining our revenue and margin guidance, for FY ‘24. In spite of the 
decline in revenue and low booking in Q1, we expect to meet the guidance based on strong 
pipeline with a healthy mix of large deals in advanced stage. We are expecting a strong booking 
in quarter two. We continue to invest and gear ourselves to execute well on these projects. 
We are also taking incremental actions to reduce our cost, which will enable us to meet the 
margin guidance. With that overall commentary, I would request Prateek to share some more 
details on our financial numbers. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Thank you, CVK, and good evening and good morning to all the listeners. Just to recap the top 
line numbers, overview, HCLTech revenues stood at US$ 3.2 billion, which was down 1.3% 
sequentially. Increase of 6.3% year-on-year in constant currency terms. Services revenue stood 
at US$ 2.9 billion, down 1% sequentially and up 7.1% year-on-year in constant currency again. 
And within services, ITBS was basically flat sequentially and year-on-year growth was at 9.1% 
in constant currency again. ERS, as we had discussed in the last con call also, had the full quarter 
impact of the cuts in the last month of the previous quarter and showed up sequential decline of 
5.2% in constant currency. 
And Software, on the other hand, was flat year-on-year and the annual recurring revenue in 
software went up 4.7% year-on-year in constant currency. The EBIT came in at 17%. I will just 
share the walk in a few minutes. And the net income is at US$ 430 million, which is 13.4% of 
the revenue, which is up 1.5% on a year-on-year basis. 
We continue to focus on improving the Return on Invested Capital (ROIC). And as the page on 
ROIC shows, the last 12 months ROIC is now at 31.1%, which is a healthy increase of 2.6% or 
260 basis points on a year-on-year basis. And within that 31%, Services ROIC stands at 38% 
and Software at 15.9%, just touching 16%. 
The EBIT movement on a quarter-to-quarter basis is 110 basis points, 18.1% declined to 17%. 
Within that, the Software segment revenue decline of about 11 odd million was offset by the 
one-time benefit in the intangible reversal that we got this quarter. And therefore, the margin on 
the software was pretty much flat year-on-year and quarter-to-quarter. The Services margin is 
what drove the decline. Services margin itself dropped by 120 basis points, which had an 
exchange impact of about 10 basis points. 
The balance 110 bps was operational. Lower utilization contributed to about 36 basis points out 
of the 110. Travel and other one-time type of costs, which we have at the beginning of the year, 
contributed about 33 basis points. We did have some one-time benefit in the previous quarter 
which became a headwind in this quarter of about 42 basis points. 
CVK has already spoken about the guidance. Just to give you some more bullet points, the 
pipeline is at an all-time high. And on a sequential basis itself, it has increased by 18% quarter-
on-quarter on top of a very decent growth last quarter as well. On a year-on-year basis, the 
pipeline is up 26%. So, like we said, part of it is in advanced stages and which we hope to make 
up the booking in the next quarter and which should therefore flow into delivering the revenue 
and the margin guidance for the full year. 
Cash generation is the other bullet point I should point out, which continues to be very robust. 
The last 12 months operating cash flow is at almost US$ 2.5 billion and the free cash flow at 
US$ 2.33 billion being 135% and 126% of net income respectively. Our balance sheet continues 
to be very strong despite paying out almost US$ 600 million of dividend in this quarter. The 
gross cash is at US$ 2.664 billion and net cash at close to US$ 2.4 billion. 
On a diluted basis EPS for the last 12 months is now at INR 55.70, which is up 11.3% year-on-
year. And the board has declared a dividend of INR 10 for the quarter in keeping with our past 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
practice. The record date for which is 20th July and the payment date shall be 1st of August, 
2023. 
And with that INR 10, we continue the last 12 months to be INR 48 per share, which works out 
to 86% payout ratio on our LTM EPS of INR 55.7, which is obviously in line with our capital 
payout policy. 
With that, operator, back to you for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is on the line of Ankur Rudra from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on how the demand and revenue 
performance played out in the first quarter versus your expectation. Is this what you were 
anticipating given that you've maintained the guidance and also if you could characterize the 
enterprise tech spend environment, despite seasonality and the strong deal wins that you had in 
the past? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Ankur, as I said in my initial remark, while we expected the quarter to be soft, it came in lower 
than our own expectations.  While all the large deals that we won, we really executed extremely 
well. They all ramped up. They've all delivered good revenue growth as you can see in both Life 
Sciences and Manufacturing verticals. And even in Financial services we've seen good growth. 
Tech and telecom is where we saw more drops than what we had expected and we were 
expecting some projects to go online, but towards the second half of the quarters, that did not 
happen. So we did have people, we were ready and they did not really move forward. There 
were a couple of instances, one Tech and Telecom. So it was disappointing for us to have that 
situation, which not only declined our revenue, but it also had a big impact on our margins. 
Having said that, obviously this whole cycle, the way I'm seeing is - the discretionary spend is 
moderating and it is probably stabilizing at a certain level and the cost and efficiency led 
programs have to fill in the gap and create net incremental growth. We believe that the state has 
achieved in three of our verticals, Manufacturing, Financial services and Life Sciences. And the 
other verticals are a little bit lagging behind. 
So we are also tracking the pipeline and the maturity of the pipeline a portion of the large cost 
efficiency deals. And they seem to be on track. While our booking has been soft, we think we 
will deliver a strong booking in Q2. 
And if I look at the revenue translation of the deals that we expect to sign in Q2, there is a certain 
nature which helps us get revenue quickly. So I think that's really what we're seeing. And it's 
really a new cycle that's evolving, which is really offsetting the moderation in discretionary 
spend with growth and efficiency led programs. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Understand. I understand that it's very uncertain, the demand environment is difficult for you to 
spread it to play out exactly as you predicted at the beginning of the year. But do you think, 
maybe by maintaining your revenue guidance, you are potentially backing yourself into a corner 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
if the uncertainty persists? And while you have large deals, if the softness in smaller deals 
continues, you might be at risk of at least reducing the upper end of the guidance? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
We've had a pretty good track record of looking at our pipeline, looking at our conversion and 
kind of, giving a guidance and meeting the guidance. So whenever we've given guidance in the 
last five years, we've delivered to it. So we believe, all the math behind it and all the judgment 
behind it is very robust. And it does factor in some of the challenges in the macro environment, 
which we did even when we gave the annual guidance. So I remain confident of delivering to 
the guidance this year. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay, appreciated. Maybe one last question on Gen AI and thank you for all the color you've 
shared. Just curious about how you're seeing this playing out in the marketplace in contracts. 
Given you have a high participation in some of the cost takeout deals, maybe on the cloud side, 
is this showing up in discussions as a source of price deflation that maybe you or competitors 
are driving and hence might impact your contract profitability going forward? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So, Ankur, at this point, most of the conversations on Gen AI are more innovation-led and we 
have not seen, I mean, obviously customers are always challenging us to demonstrate the art of 
the possible. And at this point, I don't see anyone trying to take the contractual position of how 
much we have to deliver through this technology because there are too many dependencies. So 
I think, there is definitely a lot of hype in the short run, but we do believe it will have some 
meaningful benefits in the long run. 
Now, I think, one of the key benefits are going to be around efficiency. So which means there 
will be some deflation, but I think it's at least two to three years away. And I do believe, it will 
get offset with so many projects in a few weeks, you have 140 projects, some of them pilots, 
some of them implementation, some of the examples that I shared earlier as well. So, I think 
there is going to be a little more uptake on small projects, which are really looking at proof of 
concepts and some implementation. And maybe gradually as it matures, there's going to be some 
more focus on how much efficiency it can drive. And I see that at least two to three years away 
at this point. 
Ankur Rudra: 
 
Appreciated. Thank you and best of luck. 
C. Vijayakumar:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. CVK, my question is again related to your guidance. Now, 
when I look at your guidance, right, across the last three quarters, in December, you had to come 
and indicate that after raising guidance, that your revenues will be the lower end of the band. In 
March, you ended up missing your services revenue guidance, wherein the services revenues 
came in at 0.6% growth. In June, again, the numbers came in lower than what you expected. 
Now, I understand that the demand environment is uncertain, but any aspects that you have seen 
in your revenue forecasting process, which perhaps needs strengthening or something of that 
sort? 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
And a related question on it is that when you look at the hurdle rate, actually last quarter, when 
I did ask you this question, you did mention the CQGR hurdle rate. I mean, it was fairly modest. 
Now, that seems to have gone into a fairly unrealistic level. So why persist with the guidance 
when the math in itself is working against you? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so maybe I'll ask Prateek to answer the revenue forecasting question, and then I will come 
back to you on the guidance. 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Maybe I'll take a shot at both, and then you can add, CVK. So, Kawal, you're absolutely right. 
The ask rate has certainly gone up. And as CVK covered right up front, the first quarter actuals 
have come in lower than what we had planned on. Therefore, the ask rate which - let's say, at 
the lower end of the band - for example was somewhere around 2% - 2.5% odd, has now gone 
up to about 3.2%. 
But we have done the math, and we have done the numbers I shared and CVK shared on the 
pipeline are what is giving us that confidence, and the stage of the deals in the pipeline is what 
is making us stick with the guidance. Yes, the pipeline is one factor which we have penciled in. 
Things could go better, things could go worse. We obviously do a probability of timing, 
probability of winning, and all of those metrics that I'm sure everybody does. At this point in 
time, we still want to retain and we are confident, as CVK already said, that we will meet the 
guidance. 
Like you also pointed out, there are other factors. So if at a later point in time it becomes better, 
then that's good for us. If it becomes much worse, which practically we don't see happening 
because we've already seen, like you pointed out in your question itself, we have seen the last 
two or even three quarters being softer than what anybody would have imagined, say, one year 
back or nine months back. So these are estimates and we'll see where we go. So that's what I 
wanted to say. 
On the forecasting piece itself, I think, we do have a fairly robust way of forecasting. Obviously, 
like I just described, forecasting does work on certain estimates and if the environment changes 
during the quarters, like the last three quarters, estimates can go wrong. I'm sure it's going wrong 
pretty much across the board, given the way the environment is and that's where I'll leave it. I 
don't think there is something seriously broken or anything. At the end of it, ultimately it's a 
judgment. There is some hope, there is some practicality, and there is some buffer that you build 
in and those are the elements we continue to play with. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, so Kawal, one thing from a revenue forecasting perspective, there's one aspect which we 
believe, I think the industry itself is struggling with there's really forecast this drop in 
discretionary spend. So I think that's where I think we've got it wrong a couple of times. So we 
continue to get the feedback and input into our planning process. I think, there is a lot of volatility 
in that, and that's the only element which we believe we can improve a little bit more, based on 
what we've seen in the last two-three quarters. 
Coming to the guidance, I think, the ask rate has gone up. It essentially boils down to how much 
booking we can deliver in Q2 and what we can do in the next 45 days will determine the course 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
of the year. We have some reasonable level of confidence on accomplishing the outcomes that 
we expect. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
So, CVK, I should thank, and Prateek, thank you for that fantastic color. I really appreciate it. 
The question really is that for you to achieve the guidance, you need a big spike up in the second 
quarter itself. Do you have that confidence? And the second related question to it is that normally 
in the cost takeout deals, consolidation deals, there's a free transition offered, there are timelines, 
like that sort of deal that you announced in insurance vertical in October, started ramping-up 
towards March, right? So even if let's say the pipeline converts, isn't it too late to meet the hurdle 
rate that you have for your guidance? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So I think, the deals are different, nature of deals are different. Some of them have an ability to 
convert to revenue faster and that's the nature of deals that we have and that's what is driving 
this. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
All right. That's the final question on profitability. Prateek, what is the kind of a tailwind that 
you'll get from profitability through possibly, change in the compensation revision cycle for this 
year? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
I don't want to really talk numbers on that, but E4 and above is a significant portion of the wage 
bill. I don't want to get into exact numbers, but like I said at the press conference also - we have 
made a plan. We have revised that plan based on the numbers that we see for Q1. Obviously, we 
have revised it by baking in more actions and more cost cutbacks that we need to do. I think, the 
leadership team is all apprised of the situation. The numbers gap is obviously visible to all of us 
and everybody. I think as a leadership team, we are committed that we will take the actions to 
meet the numbers. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Yes, and then normally if you see the past year's wage hike, generally have an impact of 50 basis 
points to 100 basis points, depending on how much increments we gave. So we do believe there 
is some of that will flow into the savings. 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Saluja, may I request you to join the queue for any follow-ups? 
Kawaljeet Saluja:  
Yes, thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Yes, hi! CVK, first, just a clarification on the whole discussion about guidance. You mentioned 
about some large deal wins. Are you factoring in a quick scale-up in these deals? And does that 
mean that there is a bit of a rebadging which is involved here? If not, then what is your degree 
of confidence that the muted environment won't push out the ramp-up, as Kawal also asked? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Mukul, I don't want to call out the very specifics about the nature of deals but given all what we 
have said in the last 10, 15 minutes, we should assume that the significant part of this advanced 
pipeline can convert into revenue relatively quicker than what you've seen in the last two, three 
large deals that we've done. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Mr. Garg. Please join the queue for any follow-up. 
Mukul Garg: 
 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hey, thanks for taking my question. So, CVK, the question is around the verticals of Tech and 
Telecom. You talked about uncertainty. So, was this largely deferrals or some cancellations, and 
are these behind us, or you think this will continue to be an issue in the near term? Thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar: 
From all what we are seeing, we think it is stabilized, but this has been so volatile, so I won't be 
able to give you more color on that. It looks like these are stabilized. 
Gaurav Rateria:  
All right, thank you. 
C. Vijayakumar:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, thanks. Thanks for the opportunity. Just the clarity in terms of the guidance, CVK, so do 
you believe the 2Q conversion of deal pipeline into deal wins will also result into a better growth 
from 2Q onwards, or do you expect the growth to pick up from 3Q? Because historically, to 
achieve the guidance because of the high hurdle rate, even fourth quarter is being softer. So in 
that scenario, 2Q has to do a heavy lifting along with 3Q as well? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So Sandeep, we don't give a quarterly view, but as I said, even in the beginning of the year, the 
quarters will get incrementally better. That was the commentary that I made even when we 
presented the guidance. So, you should see incrementally better growth and obviously, this 
means there's going to be spike in one of the quarters. So that's to be expected. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just last book-keeping, Prateek, what was the one-time benefit in the intangible 
amortization? Is it worth, how much basis point in this quarter and will it reverse in the second 
quarter? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
No, so it will certainly not reverse in the second quarter. It is a one-time benefit. This is the 
impairment, we had taken a couple of years back in one of the products. And the product has 
done well in the last two years, and we have been able to increase the royalty we get on that. So 
the revenues are significantly up; therefore, as per the accounting rules, we needed to write it 
back - write the impairment back. So, it's just a one-time benefit in this quarter and there are no 
repercussions on any of the next subsequent quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. Request to rejoin the queue for any follow-ups. The next question is on 
the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Yes, you could give just one clarification on the decline in tech and telecom. So did you allude 
to the fact that, this is largely within the ER&D, this can be mapped to the ER&D segment?  

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
C. Vijayakumar: 
No, if you see the decline, the numbers are quite high and of course, ER&D bore the brunt of it. 
It definitely had impact on the ITBS as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Hello, what type of orders are we taking into ER&D segment? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
So I have Vijay Guntur, who heads the engineering services. Vijay, if you can hear, could you 
just give some color on the type of orders that we are taking? 
Vijay Guntur: 
Yes, thanks, CVK, and thanks, Chirag, for the question. We are seeing two kinds. One is 
consolidation in each of the Tech and Telecom segments. We are seeing more consolidation 
deals, and hence a pipeline that is growing. To what CVK said earlier, that is helping us gain 
more confidence that, when these deals fructify, realization to revenue will be quicker. So that's 
one we are seeing that consolidation is on. The second we are seeing is decision-making, which 
used to be reasonable, is getting a little delayed. Those are two trends we are seeing in terms of 
pipeline and order booking. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. As you said, it looks like the Tech and Telecom declines are 
more than just ER&D. So I wanted to check, are these over pretty much? Should we think these 
verticals will return to growth? That's the first and the second follow-up on the nature of ER&D 
work that you do versus pure-play ER&D firms. Most of the pure-play ER&D firms, I think 
haven't seen this sort of Q-o-Q decline and now you've seen this for two successive quarters. So 
just wanted some color on what led to this decline? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Ravi, it's our exposure to tech vertical, which is primarily, which has contributed to it, Tech and 
Telecom on the ER&D side. Maybe most others have exposure to some of the other industries. 
I cannot comment on others, but that's our kind of hypothesis. And maybe, Vijay, you can add a 
little bit more on this. 
Vijay Guntur: 
Yes, CVK. Certainly, our tech exposure is more, especially big tech and we've seen a lot of 
consolidation and rationalization of spend. I think, from what we see in the market, that 
consolidation and rationalization of spend is stabilizing now. We expect the deal pipeline that 
we are having now to convert. That's what we are seeing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Surendra Goyal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Surendra Goyal: 
Yes, thanks, sir. CVK on ER&D, is the worst over? And should we expect it to be back into 
growth trajectory going forward? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, Surendra, that's what we believe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. While my question on the ER&D outlook essentially has been 
answered, just wanted to understand, your hiring plans in the backdrop of some of the near-term 
challenges that you've seen? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Probably, Ram, could you answer this? 
R. Sundararajan: 
I think our hiring plans, quarter-on-quarter, we do moderate our plans to be in line with our 
forecast for the quarter, the revenue forecast for the quarter. Next quarter is typically the quarter, 
where the fresher intake will be higher. So that will continue as planned. So, basis that, we will 
moderate our requirements for lateral hires.  
C. Vijayakumar: 
There is also some amount of productivity-based releases that we expect to happen. So that will 
also feed into some of the growth. To that extent, we are not dependent on a lot of hiring for 
growth in Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Yes, thanks. So my question is, on the revenue growth guidance the ask rate differential. What 
I'm trying to understand is, the top end of the guidance, are you factoring faster acceleration? So 
between the top end and the bottom end, are you factoring in faster acceleration in H2 or a spike 
starting Q2? I ask this as you are entering with headwinds in Q2, as you stated earlier that, the 
weaker than expected second half in the first quarter in the Telecom vertical will play out full 
quarter for Q2 as well as the weaker booking. So, how should we look at the difference between 
the lower and the top end? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
I don't want to comment on where we will land in the guidance at this point, we will just stay 
with the guided range and obviously because of weak Q1, we must deliver a much stronger H2 
to deliver growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citigroup, please go ahead.  
Surendra Goyal: 
Yes, last quarter you had shared that the ACV for the year was plus 4% year over year. What is 
it on a TTM basis at the end of 1Q? 
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Surendra, I don't have a number on a TTM basis, but for the quarter, it is 21% lower year-on-
year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital, please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, hi, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand your thoughts on the ERS space. 
What led to this kind of an impact and how you see this segment to perform in the coming 
quarter? Is there any trend related to vertical or specific to any discretionary spend thought 
process or these are just one-off for now? 
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, we covered some of those in the previous commentary, but maybe I'll request Vijay to share 
it again. 

 
 
HCL Technologies Limited 
July 12, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Vijay Guntur: 
Yes, sure, CVK. I think we talked about the deal pipeline is stronger. That is the first indicator 
for us, and we expect that to convert to order book and hence to revenue. The conversion cycles 
in our business are shorter in the R&D space. So we expect that, we will perform better in the 
next quarter. 
Rahul Jain: 
So these are your general thoughts, but is it any different from a sub-vertical perspective or this 
is an overall thought process that you see? 
Vijay Guntur: 
No, the Tech and Telecom part of our ER&D business, which got impacted quite a bit, like we've 
been talking about, those we see conversion and we see back to growth situation in it.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to Mr. C. Vijay Kumar for closing comments. Thank you and over to you.  
C. Vijayakumar: 
Yes, thank you everyone for joining us on the first quarter earnings announcement. We do take 
our commitments very seriously. So, in spite of a weaker performance in Q1, we are confident 
of delivering to the commitments that we have made, and we look forward to your support and 
look forward to talking to you during the quarter and at Q2 results. Thank you everyone.  
Prateek Aggarwal: 
Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HCL Technologies Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
