 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 02.06.2023 
   
 To                                                                                                                                                                                      
The Manager,                                                                                                                           The Manager,  
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited                                                                                           National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers                                                                                                              “Exchange Plaza” Plot No. C/1, G. Block                                         
 Dalal Street                                                                                                                               Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400001                                                                                                                     Mumbai – 400051 
                                                                                                                               
 Scrip Code: 530307                                                                                                    Symbol: - CLSEL  Series: EQ                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  Ref :-  Chaman Lal Setia Exports Ltd. (“the Company”)   
 Sub :-  Transcript of the  Analyst/Investor Call Held ON  29.05.2023 :- 
 
 Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find the attached transcript of the Concall held on 29.05.2023  
 
  
Thanking You 
 
For Chaman Lal Setia Exports Ltd. 
 
 
(Kanika Nevtia ) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Report 
ACS:-29680 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
Kanika Nevtia
Digitally signed by Kanika Nevtia 
Date: 2023.06.02 14:21:35 
+05'30'

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
                                                    
 
 
“Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited 
 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIJAY SETIA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
 
MR. RAJEEV SETIA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CFO  
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
 
Ajay Thakur: 
Should we start sir? Sir, can we start now? Can you put yourself on unmute. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Yes. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Good Morning everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Shares and Stock Brokers, I 
welcome you all for Q4 FY23 and full year FY23 results conference call of 
Chaman Lal Setia Exports Ltd. From the management side, we have Mr. Vijay 
Setia, Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Rajeev Setia, Joint Managing 
Director of the company. We shall start the call with the opening remarks from 
the Mr. Vijay Setia and that would be followed by a Q&A session. I shall request 
Vijay Setia for his opening remarks. Over to you sir. 
Vijay Setia: 
Thank you, Thank you, Sir and I welcome all my investors and the people who 
are interested in the company. With your support and blessings of all my 
investors and the blessings of my father, who always give us a right direction to 
work in earnestly and from best of our ability, so company with the support of 
our investors is doing well and for the better future of this company, we are 
working with the professionals and experts, scientists like Ravi Saroj from IIT 
Kharagpur and Mandira from IIT Delhi. They are working with us now and they 
are doing lot of R&D on our rice, and we will share all these things with the all 
the members. So, this will be something very interesting that the new 
developments which we are doing in the company, they will give our company a 
very bright future and a different place in the industry. A different with our 
special works, or I can simply mention in a one word right here our entire storage 
is insulated. In summer, people loose a lot of weight loss…… 
Ajay Thakur: 
I think we have lost the connection of Mr. Vijay Setia. We shall just wait for him 
to reconnect. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Anyways, meanwhile, Vijay resumes, I'm Rajiv Setia, I will carry on. At the 
outset, I Welcome and Thank you everyone for joining this Q4 23 and full year 
23 meeting. I'm delighted to announce that we have achieved highest ever growth 
in the company revenue as well as profitability of the company. The revenue has 
gone up to 1387 crore and it's 49% up year-to-year from 932 crore in the 
preceding year. And the sales volume has also grown by 28%. The figures, 
details are with all investors that has been circulated already and we'll speak 
more about the future of the company. The coming year we are expecting the 
prices to come down as the area under cultivation is being expanded. The 
company you know, with the new generation, they are very aggressive all 
around. They are participating in every single food exhibition in the world. As an 
exhibitor, company is participating and Ankit Setia and Sankesh Setia are very 
regular with the follow up of all customers and they're the real group floaters 
now, we are no longer. We handle from the back. So, Vijay, you are already there 
now. Vijay unmute, can you? 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Vijay Setia: 
Yes, yes, I'm here again. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Yeah, Vijay you please come. 
Vijay Setia: 
Okay, I will continue with what where I was. So, I was talking about how my 
team has able to reduce the brokens in our process. This is a big contribution and 
credit goes to not only to the scientists in my company, it goes to the entire team, 
which at ground level, work day and night to establish the things. And in a very 
fair and correct manner, it is always a challenge. Minor, minor adjustments made 
the thing work finally. Then we have a unique product that brown rice, the 
process we have developed in our company. The brown rice with all the benefits 
will cook in 15 minutes. Normal brown rice takes 40 minutes. So, all the good 
qualities and vitamins are compromised if you are cooking something for a very 
long time, and the fluffiness is not there, mashy rice. So, we have overcome this 
problem. Now our rice is fluffy and cooks in 15 minutes and it is healthy rice, 
and we are developing a new packing, very interesting vacuum packing for this 
product. And this will definitely do good for the company’s economic side also. 
Then we have ETP solution, effluent treatment plants. All effluent treatment 
plants, wherever they are used they, they also generate a lot of pollutants. They 
use electricity, that means from the source electricity is coming, there is some 
pollution and with the chemicals you are using for the water reclaiming, they also 
produce lot of residues, which is another problem to how to sort it out. What we 
have done, we created a unique system, which was recommended for national 
award in 2001. We further stabilized it and without any electrical use or chemical 
use, an organic system is developed and where we are doing our factory’s waste 
water cleaning, recharging and environment friendly, environment of putting 
banana on ash. Nothing can be grown on ash, but we are able to do it because the 
technology used is doing wonders. This can be shown to all interested people. 
They are welcome to visit the factory and see the factory. The factory size is now 
quite big and our silo storage everything is there and our company’s everything is 
on YouTube and with the one click you can visit the factory and see how we are 
working from a distance. But you are most welcome to visit the factory. It is your 
factory. Then we created another thing which is unique. We have filed a patent 
for that also that is zero emission from the factory. When you burn fuels, 
definitely there will be a problem that smoke and the harmful gases we put into 
the environment. We created a technology where I took support from Ravi Saroj, 
he was like my brain and eyes, and we together worked on this project and 
successfully completed our trial model and then scaled it up and we tried on 12 
ton boiler where we are able to clean 100% of the few gases. Investment is small, 
rather the absorbent will also become a useful product for the factory. Then we 
worked on the area of dry heat par boiling rice. Dry heat par boiling is a unique 
technique where rice becomes more fluffy, more soft and gives a better taste and 
even head grain recovery is better. Drying time is less. Cost of making par boiled 
rice is less. So, this technology, we further stabilized, we added some process 
into this. We are cooling and drying, which is a requirement for improving the 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
reducing the GI of a rice, improving the quality of rice, which becomes suitable 
for the diabetics which we are marketing all around the world under our main 
brand Maharani and the credit goes to Sankesh and Ankit. They have travelled all 
around the world to discuss this product with the potential customers and it is 
bringing good results to the company, good revenue, good income to the 
company that is clear on the record now. Then I will say one thing more, that our 
research to make rice cooking in 2 minutes. You just soak it, after soaking period 
is over, rice feeling is like it is cooked rice, but the 99% is a feeling of cooked 
rice, less than 1% feeling it needs a little bit more cooking. So, if you put this rice 
in a boiling water, it cooks in 2 minutes. We are putting up a new line designed 
for particular this product, and this will go a big way in the coming time in 
future. Nowhere in the world such technology exists and definitely we are filing a 
patent for this also, and we first time sharing with my investors what we are 
doing and what we are able to achieve for you. Then I will say very interesting 
area, everybody has a Vitamin D deficiency, not in India, all around. Okay. So, 
we are working on this area and credit goes to Mandira Kapri, she is from IIT 
Delhi, PhD and Ravi Saroj and credit to all the directors who gave consent that 
we should move ahead with this project. We are able to develop rice, which is in 
an organic way, full of Vitamin D. This is a big achievement, but right now cost 
is on a higher side. We are working on it to make it affordable so that this 
produce can be launched at a right time, at a right price to bring glory to the 
company. Where I see the social side, the social work for the people in the 
society, the message from my father who was our MD, Shri Chaman Lal Ji, he is 
not with us, but his blessings and guidance is with us. He started supporting 1200 
widows in Amritsar, still that program every month on 7th of every month, the kit 
of wheat and other things is provided to those ladies. Those have not any earning 
or any family member who can help them. So, this program is still going on. 
Then on the innovative side and for the social cause, we are working on to 
develop an organic material as a substitute for pesticides. Pesticides are 
becoming so harmful. They are in our food chain. They are now in our water 
chain also. Any groundwater because of fertilizer and pesticides going with the 
rainwater, the traces of these fertilizers and pesticides are now coming to the 
groundwater also. So, we are working on those things that pesticides can be 
reduced and the produce we are getting should be free from or within the 
tolerance. So, for this project I gave my product to HAU. They did one year trial, 
and they did it on sugarcane. They politely said that paddy season is, we are 
delayed to do this and this season they will be working on paddy also. For 
sugarcane, they have given a wonderful report. It competed with the pesticides. 
The results they got with the pesticides they got with the organic material 
supplied by Chamanlal Setia Exports. So, the name of Maharani Rice and the 
name of Chamanlal Setia it is spreading and it is spreading with its working. 
What we are doing and what our entire team is doing, what our directors as a 
team working together and it is really very, I feel proud at this age that the 
younger generation is taking over everything in a very aggressive way, in a good 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
way and my good wishes and good feeling for all the investors and my blessings 
for the younger directors that they will carry forward what we have started and 
they will bring the best results. So, this is all I want to say technical side of this 
company. Since I look after only technical parts, so I have covered. Anybody 
wants to ask anything, I'm open for that question. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thank you Sir. That was quite interesting and insightful. I shall now request the 
participants if they have any questions, they can actually, you know, put, raise 
their hand and can go ahead with the questions. We have the first question from 
Keshav. I will request the participant to unmute themselves and ask the question, 
also do mention your fund or you know, if they are coming from certain 
organizations, if they can actually mention that it will be quite helpful. Thanks, 
Keshav you are unmuted. You can go ahead with the question. Thanks. 
Keshav: 
Sir, Thank you very much for this opportunity. Sir, if you could just tell us about 
this current financial year FY24? Sir, what is the expectation in terms of top line 
as well as margins? Sir, we are doing around 14% margin in the fourth quarter. 
Do you think that looking at the basmati rice prices and the demand that feedback 
you're getting from your customers, sir what kind of margins and top line should 
we expect for FY24? 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, go ahead. 
Vijay Setia: 
You see one thing, I have answered your question when I was addressing, when 
company has come up with a product like rice suitable for diabetics and which 
we are marketing all around the world under our brand name Maharani and its 
demand is increasing, that is giving us a handsome profit. This is one, and other 
products which like a brown rice cooking in 15 minutes, this will be added 
support to us. Then our model of working is very important. We are exporting I 
think more than in 90 countries. So, such a diverse base and around 70%, 60% 
business is like a retail business, which gives us sufficient profit all the time. Our 
buyers are small. Someone is buying 5 containers, 10 containers, so they are 
sticking to this company for last 40 years, 30 years, 20 years, 15 years. So, when 
I look at this thing, I will say one thing that my company's first buyer, which we 
started our exports in Singapore is still working with us. So that's why I'm 
confident that we will maintain healthy profits and healthy business for the 
future. Thank you. 
Keshav: 
So, in your judgment sir, since past two quarters, we are doing around 50 crore of 
operating profit or EBIDTA. So, you think that we can continue with this run 
rate, per quarter? 
Vijay Setia: 
You see, why not higher than that? Why not we think that if we work hard, it 
should be better than that. Otherwise, you see things depends on the global 
scenario. Food production and rice contribution, and the demand for gluten free 
products is increasing. In my line, I'm thinking of adding two more things which 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
still we are planning to start that is cooked rice, okay, that is retort system, we are 
planning for that. Another is rice powder, why I am picking up that powder, 
people are selling their rice powder. There are number of companies, but they 
have not identified that what variety should be used and what are the benefits 
from that variety. If you have that science with you, you can do better than your 
competitors. So, we are confident that we will maintain what we are doing. 
Keshav: 
Sir, also recently news article came up that Kenya has also started growing 
basmati rice. So, you think that going forward in next 5-7 years, some impact can 
come or it's irrelevant? 
Vijay Setia: 
No, it is all irrelevant because Kumaran and Sagar is a company appointed by 
APEDA to take care of all these type of false labels, they take care. It is a GI 
protected product, immediately Government of India comes into action, and it is 
not the first thing many countries, many companies tried these things and it is 
contested and the Indian Government everywhere prevailed and got it in our 
favor. 
Keshav: 
Sir, one more last thing. Sir, there was again a news article sir, which said that 
the price differential between basmati rice and common rice in 1940 was 569%, 
which came down in the 1990s to 153% and now the differential has fallen to 
20%, and sir there is a massive shift from basmati acreage and the basmati rice to 
common rice. So, sir you think that in the next again 5, 7, 10 years, this trend is a 
threat to the whole industry as well as for us? 
Vijay Setia: 
Okay, you started from a question from, I think 70 years prior, but the data says 
you see, if we look at basmati, it was guarded by the security guards that was the 
time, so this was the commodity, then it became on a public domain available, it 
just started [inaudible] but the yield was less [inaudible]. They have covered the 
area, with the research and development [inaudible] basmati area, non-basmati 
varieties have also improved so, but basmati, because last year the good prices 
farmer received from the industry. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, you are not audible. Let me continue what you said. 
Vijay Setia: 
Okay. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Let me little bit remind because we all of us looking at the future profitability and 
future progress of the company. If you recall, Vijay said few times back, dry heat 
rice, that's kind of a roasted rice he implemented. He produced this rice about 12 
to 13 years back, that rice I was selling in the international market at $200 higher 
than the conventional rice, but because it was all in-house and whatever he is 
claiming is for in-house, nothing is bought from outside or unnecessarily capex 
put on this. It's all in-house done by Mr. Vijay and of course, we support 
everything. Now, this rice, he is going to start in the coming season and I'm very 
confident, my team is confident that this rice, as a Maharani brand, we will be 
putting in all markets of the world and definitely we can get the best result 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
because it sells in front of the conventional rice, it competes any good brand. 
This is nutty, good taste rice, which Vijay explained. So, this is something which 
we'll be doing in every market around the world, wherever our around 400 
customers are buying, we're giving samples to everyone. So, half a container, full 
one container to every single people. And we expect a large and very profitable 
business from this variety. Vijay will explain if he comes again on the line. 
Vijay, you are on the line? 
Vijay Setia: 
Yes, yes, I'm there. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, would you little bit more explain about this rice? It can compete all the 
conventional, I know the way we were doing. 
Vijay Setia: 
You see, you have to think out of box. You have to do some differently, 
otherwise for common man rice and rice and his questions are always that why 
you are making more profits. If you look at entire industry, there are people they 
might be making higher profit than me in their certain brands, there are people 
who are making less profit and there are always people who are losing money. It 
all depends on how you are planning your things, how your team is working for 
your company, that is all. Thank you. 
Keshav: 
Sir, Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Vijay Setia: 
Thank you. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks Keshav. The next question we have is from the line of Mr. Sanjeev 
Damani. Sir, you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Namaskar Sir. My basic question is to understand in next year, crop prospects, 
that is our raw material, their pricing, and the international market scenario in 
view of the fact that we listen, that you know there is recession in Europe and 
America,so how we are viewing this situation for our trade? On that side, one 
more thing that many a times government announces relaxation of export of 
broken rice and sometimes they stop it. So, what are the impact for us and for the 
industry and for the ethanol industry as to pricing of those broken rice and as you 
rightly said that you are ensuring that your broken rice production is leased, that 
means you have higher efficiency while you are processing the rice to get a better 
yield on a complete rice. So that is appreciated sir. And how we are planning 
next year, if you can kindly give some light on that? Thank you. 
Vijay Setia: 
Okay. Your first question is regarding the next year crop. The IMD says that less 
rains, but widespread. Basmati crops needs less water, so area under basmati will 
in no way going to come down, rather the survey and feedback we are having, 
the area under basmati varieties will be higher this time, especially in new areas 
where people were in past not doing the basmati cultivation. So, from the raw 
material side, I think industry will get sufficient material. Second thing, people 
are more aggressive, and this effect will remain in the market scenario next year. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
The investment in plant and machinery in the rice industry this year is 
tremendous. Many rice mills are coming into this business. So, I think raw 
material availability and quality these factors will be taken care. And regarding 
prices, this is always in the many factors which decide, and they change very 
quickly. If there is any big tender or big buying from Iraq, Iran, Saudi, Indian 
market suddenly behaves differently in a very aggressive manner. So, there are 
other forces which are becoming active for Indian basmati rice. You see, Indian 
basmati rice has replaced American rice everywhere because we are giving a 
good quality at a reasonable price. So Indian basmati exports last year, they have 
also increased by 14%. And what industries views are that this trend will 
continue for another 2-3 years because of our disturbance in Ukraine and other 
supply chain disturbances, advantage India and the surplus rice we have for 
basmati and non-basmati, Indian business will keep growing. Regarding broken 
rice, broken rice exports are still not very seems profitable. There are two issues, 
one is the request should be from some government. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Gambia government has allowed 3.5 lakh ton to Gambia. This is the news today. 
Vijay Setia: 
Otherwise, they have 20% export tax. That's why, I'm saying that after paying 
20% tax, exporting will not be that attractive. So that's my point, and but the way 
other countries are doing, my views are always different, and I have told the 
government agencies and authorities that we are exporting broken rice, whereas 
other countries are making wine and crackers from our broken rice. So why not 
we should spend more on food processing and agriculture produce which can 
give better realization to industry and Indian farmers. So, our Indian policies 
need some review for promotion because we are agriculture industry, 50% of our 
population is in agriculture to provide jobs, we have to do food processing. If we 
say we are losing 30% fruits and vegetables or 10 to 12% of food grain in losses, 
so we can by encouraging the food processing industries, I think these can be a 
big achievement for this country, for jobs and everything. Thank you. 
Sanjeev Daman: 
Very nice, sir. And now, regarding pricing in international markets? Sir, that was 
my another question. 
Vijay Setia: 
I think in my first answer, I have told one thing that Chaman Lal Setia Exports is 
exporting in more than 90 countries and wherever we are exporting our main 
business is dealing with the customers of small medium, that is a major part of 
our business, which always gives better profit and that depends on our 
management techniques, on time delivery, quality assurance that's helping us. 
And since mostly in other countries prices don't fluctuate like India, so their 
buying power can increase, they can buy more, and our profit will be less 
affected, rather we will be more benefited by that. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you, Sir. Last question Sir, are we going to process more tonnage this year 
and are we utilizing fully our existing capacities, or will we be needing more 
capex in days to come? 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Vijay Setia: 
Yeah, Damani Sahab I will say one thing that I should have put my company's 
structure, video infrastructure, everything on record. But on YouTube you can 
visit. You see, we are putting silos, we are putting more warehouses so that the 
opportunities can be availed for the future and for the profitability of the 
company. I think I have answered your question. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you sir. Thank you very much. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Mr. Damani, if you simply write Maharani Rice on YouTube, you can visit our 
factory. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. I'm satisfied, Sir. And all the best to you 
sir. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Thank you. 
Vijay Setia: 
Thank you. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks for that. We have our next question from the line of Mr. Somnath Paul 
from Relay Investment. Sir, you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Somnath Paul: 
Hi, good morning to you Mr. Setia. Sir, I have a few questions. If you can just 
throw some light. Sir, one is that you mentioned about the new businesses which 
you and your team are developing. So as a percentage of your business, say FY24 
and FY25, how much do you see the business as a percentage of your sales, you 
expect it to be and on a very high level, what could be the margin differential 
between say suppose the standard business which you are doing of the basmati 
versus these? Percentage would be helpful. Thank you. 
Rajeev Setia: 
 Vijay, I'll answer. As regard rice suitable for diabetic is concerned, that is 
regularly growing, regularly growing and in some parts of the world continent, 
particularly Africa, it's going very large, which could be 7-8% of our export at 
this point of time. And the other one out of the new products you said, yes, I can 
understand quick cooking and rice and a few other inventions that may take some 
time, but this rice, which I talked earlier also, dry heat rice in the raw form that 
can make a big deal. That's going to be quite attractive and very quickly move 
that rice. 
Somnath Paul: 
Sir. Couple of more questions. 
Rajeev Setia: 
And of course, profitability is much higher in both these varieties, both these 
variants. 
Somnath Paul: 
Sir much would you basically double off your traditional business rough 
approximately? 
Rajeev Setia: 
Definitely. Profit wise it is double. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Vijay Setia: 
So, it's an interesting area it depends. After all, you cannot put such a price where 
sales will be affected. It should be always reasonable prices and gradually, 
gradually we are capturing the market and increasing the profits. So, I think I can 
say that positive trend will be maintained that I can ensure. 
Rajeev Setia: 
I would add one thing here just 1-2 years back, particularly in the COVID era, we 
had never expected even the very well ongoing business we had never expected 
the kind of profitability we have got in the preceding two quarters. Thank you. 
Somnath Paul: 
Yeah, so I was also going through the PPT, and I just had some data which 
probably you could throw some light. Sir, I understand from last March to this 
March shipping costs are down probably about 50 to 70% generally on any route. 
But still on an overall EBITDA basis, I see we have gone from 10.2% to 11.5%, 
right? Although I understand freight costs are also part of your operational costs 
and also on the same lines, why is it generally Q4, we saw lesser volumes as per 
the PPT, it is 41,000 metric tons versus 53 kilo metric ton, whereby there was 
general impetus, lot of demand for growth. So, I mean I am just trying to get 
some sense or if you can throw some light and similarly how you are seeing Q1 
in terms of volume vis-a-vis the last year volumes. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, let me answer. As regard because 100% broken was banned in month of 
September. So, the current quarter had only export of basmati, which has value of 
1000 to 1300-1400 dollar starting variant price. And as regard March 
corresponding March is concerned, we were exporting broken rice also, which 
had in USD term $360-370.  So, the volume at the low price was too much in the 
preceding year when we were exporting broken to China. So, this is how this 
answers your question. The volumes are more in that quarter and in this quarter 
volumes are less. Yes, our sales are little higher. 
Somnath Paul: 
Sir, but would that lead us to assume that you have some stock of broken rice as 
of now and whenever the government allows? 
Rajeev Setia: 
You see, when we were exporting broken, a stage came when we were selling at 
a very good margin. We started at 380-385. Then with the competition, it started 
going down. A stage came when it was almost at break even and we stopped. 
When the government banned the rice, we had 36 bags in our factory, just 36 
bags. Some of the people had huge 5 to 10,000-ton rice. That was horrible 
because suddenly it was stopped, and the prices had come down by 4-5 rupees 
and that to the rice was at the ports and then Mr. Setia, my brother and all team 
helped somehow. 
Vijay Setia: 
There are two things that are very important, I explain one thing. Because Ankit 
was leading on this front. He was handling all brokens and he was discussing 
everything with me and since I was a former president of All India Rice 
Exporters, so a lot of things he was sharing with me and the feedback I was 
getting in the industry was that Chinese are now instead of giving a better price, 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
they are asking for discounts from the people because the market which is 
looking for the discounts and harassment to the Indian suppliers better avoid this 
market. So, profits were coming down, so we started keeping only those 
customers in mind who can give us good price and they were saying that others 
are getting at a lower price, so, we were holding our sales. And when you raise 
this question, that's why raise the hand, the government closed exports the day 
they stopped exports, we were carrying few bags only, only few bags that was 
really. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, I have the count 36 so it's. 
Vijay Setia: 
36 are good. So, I was not repeating that. 36 bags means 10 quintals. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Yeah, it's simply a business wisdom beyond that, nothing. 
Vijay Setia: 
I can say we were lucky. I won’t say that we are best judge, no, it is sheer luck 
also that we were in that position at that time. 
Somnath Paul: 
Sir, you think the EBITDA margins say for H1 FY24 say Q1 which is ongoing in 
the upcoming quarter you see the trends to improve because obviously it will be a 
mix of a lot of things? 
Vijay Setia: 
As I have already answered this thing though, rice is a very competitive business, 
there is no doubt and large number of there are rice exporters, but the model of 
working is very important. How you are planning, how you are catering your 
customers, how much you are travelling around, how much is your interaction 
with your customers and how much they have faith with you. Only one thing I 
will say the first customer we started in 1978 is still working up with us. He's 
sitting in Singapore, and I think entire industry visited that buyer, but he is with 
us. If you are giving on-time delivery, your quality is free from any complaints, 
so naturally customer that faith is helping us and as I said, our large number of 
buyers, our large buyer base is also helping us to retain our profits and make our 
company grow. And I think this trend will be further maintained. We are 
participating in the trade fairs, we are meeting people, we recently participated in 
African trade fair. We have participated in a trade fair in Thaifex also. 
Everywhere where we find that opportunity to contact with the small buyers, 
good buyers and select people who can continually work with us, they make 
money, we make money, we work on this principle. So, that means everything 
matters on time delivery, good packings and your commitment to what you have 
sold, so this is all helping us to grow and I think that what we have achieved, we 
are not content with that. We have still that energy with us. We will develop 
more business for the company and younger generation has taken over, they are 
doing very well. So that's my view. Thank you. 
Somnath Paul: 
OK, sir, all the best. I'll get back in the queue for more questions, thank you. 
Vijay Setia: 
Thank you. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks. Our next participant is Mr. Praveen Sharma. Mr. Sharma, you can 
unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Praveen Sharma: 
Yeah. Hello sir, am I audible? 
Vijay Setia: 
Yeah, yeah. 
Praveen Sharma: 
Yeah. Sir, good afternoon and congratulations for excellent set of numbers. My 
first question is you know though we anticipate you know yield of rice with 
acreage of rice will increase, but just in case of El Nino and poor rains, if the cost 
of raw material increases, how strong is our ability to pass on the prices? 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, you answer this or I answer? 
Vijay Setia: 
Yes, I will answer this. First thing I think you missed one line that IMD says that 
rain will be less, but it will be widespread. So, it is not going to be in previous 
year that it is raining in certain pockets very heavily and somewhere it is 
deficient, and average is on a higher side. It is not going to happen this year; this 
is one thing. Second thing is basmati varieties need less water as compared to 
non-basmati varieties. Non-basmati varieties transplantation starts around 15th of 
June and whereas basmati varieties start showing on July 1st week and it 
continues to the 20th of July and after that rain starts. So, less water is required 
for basmati varieties. They are compensated by the rains. So, there can be a stress 
on non-basmati varieties because of high temperature and water requirement, 
water table going down and government putting pressure for diversification from 
the water guzzling variety to less water. So, even in Punjab they are promoting 
basmati. They are telling farmers to shift from non-basmati to basmati. So, I 
think prices of basmati, paddy raw material are not going to change much in the 
coming season, and they will remain favourable to the industry and the farmers. 
Thank you. 
Praveen Sharma: 
That's nice to hear, sir. My second question is, you know in the last on call, 
Rajeev Sir said that, you know, we have a very strong marketing channel and 
very long term relationship with the customers all over the World and you know, 
there is a possibility wherein we can leverage over this marketing channel in 
terms of selling other commodities or other food items like pulses, tea, sugar, 
whatever you know which are in demand in those geographies from those 
customers. So, where are we on that like we are seriously looking at those 
initiatives to move on from rice only to other you know items? 
Vijay Setia: 
I tell you one thing that in government meetings now I'm projecting one thing 
that why you have made India as a source of raw material supplier why not be the 
value addition. People are making in out of our rice. People are making crackers 
from our rice. They are making talcum powders from our rice, and we are selling 
brokens only what we are doing. So, another problem is why industry is less in 
this sector of food processing. In India, we start putting taxes on the raw material. 
No other country puts tax on the raw material, there is market fees, which is a big 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
nuisance that you put the tax of 4%, 6% in the very beginning, people start 
thinking of saving the tax this way or that way. So, healthy industry building in 
such a environment is a challenge. So, that's why you see there is no flour mill 
industry in Haryana. Haryana is the second largest producer and contributor of 
wheat to the center pool, but we don't have a flour mill in this sector and the 
wheat flour which government is selling at the Russian shops is coming from UP 
flour mills. So, that means directions if comes definitely one can work and 
definitely in my mind these developments are there and I'm looking into these 
prospects that what we can do. In past, we have exported small quantity of 
utensils of aluminum we sent them to Germany and other than that some small 
things in front of us that we have done, but we are very clear that there should be 
a reasonable profit for exporting anything. Otherwise, you export, why people are 
facing problem. My company is working on a principle of cash against 
documents and whereas most of our competitors, they are working on DA, DA 
means you are dependent on your buyer when he will send the payment. So, you 
loose opportunities when you give credit. So, our company is very clear that this 
money is public money, we have to protect it and our policies are very clear. So, 
I think that's why we are different and maybe God is kind on us that I will say. 
Thank you. 
Praveen Sharma: 
Ok, ok. No, I was talking about selling to the existing customers only where we 
have trust and you know long term relationships? 
Vijay Setia: 
Yeah, we have our these type of relations and we want something if we have to 
do it should be perfect. I can do wheat, I can do wheat flour, not wheat flour, 
value added wheat flour. 
Praveen Sharma: 
Yeah, yeah. 
Vijay Setia: 
My team is working where we are worked on Vitamin D enriched rice, we are 
successful. Our trials are successful, cost is very high. We want to make it 
affordable. That is the second phase we are working, but side by side we are 
working for this thing that Vitamin D enrich wheat flour which I not mentioned 
in the first go but definitely if this company will come with a different product, 
better product with a particular segment which can support our company with a 
right price for the product. So, I think we will do definitely something which will 
be profitable. We are competent, our buyers are willing to, but there is 
specialized people I see other agro commodities, there are experts, people are you 
see we don't have our dehydrated fruits here, we are buying it from Thailand, we 
are getting it from China. Our industry should focus on these areas. People who 
are into these fields, government should encourage them. What we are doing, I 
shared all information with the Haryana Chamber of Commerce, All India Rice 
Exporter Association. I put on their group that Thailand is making talcum powder 
from rice, maybe talcum powder, what they are making? That is a specialization 
thing which are needed and definitely your company is looking into these areas 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
and definitely we will come up with certain new things the next time we will 
meet, right. Thank you. 
Praveen Sharma: 
My last question is Sir, you know we are, you know, doing a lot of research and 
development as you mentioned in terms of quick boiling, you know brown rice 
and soak and cooked kind of rice, you know I think there can be a huge market 
potential for such thing in India with, you know, going forward into, you know, 
the people changing habits and healthy eating habits and things like that. So, do 
you think we would be investing into marketing and developing channels in 
domestic market also at least for such things which are highly value added in 
nature? 
Vijay Setia: 
Yes, very true. Once I will be ready, I will be spending on these things, and we 
have a very clear roadmap for that, and you will see the difference and definitely 
we will be doing that. As I said about quick cooking brown rice, you see one of 
my existing customers from Canada, he met me four days ago and he said I have 
to change my packings now. In the previous rice it was taking 35 minutes and I 
was writing 35 minutes means in 35 minutes quick cooking brown rice will 
become halwa, he said halwa. So, I spoke right, he said this will be. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Vijay, Vijay, let me complete your answer. Your question is right. When do you 
plan to expand in India, conventional rice to market in the conventional business, 
which is happening we are not interested to burn cash truly speaking but once the 
products which Vijay has told they will be in production in fine shape, we will 
definite because these are more revenue and profit generating products. So, we 
will launch and online sales can be very quickly achieved on these products, 
quickly. In brown rice and the two minutes like noodle if the rice like that it is a 
very, very vast market. But other products agro because we have always cash 
surplus with us that's why I said I have the idea of doing this from Gandhidham. 
So, right now we are in the preparation stage of everything. 
Praveen Sharma: 
OK, Sir, that's nice to hear and good luck and best wishes for the future. 
Vijay Setia:  
Thank you so very much. 
Ajay Thakur:  
Thank Praveen. Before moving to the question queue, we have one question on 
the chat box. The question comes from Mr. Rahul Paliwal from Shiva Family 
Office. I believe the first part of the question has already been answered just now. 
The question was about, you know, inclination towards moving from B2B to 
B2C, which I guess both Mr. Rajeev Setia and Mr. Vijay Setia had answered it 
mostly. We'll move to the second part of the question, which is mentioning about 
what is your R&D team size and what is the qualification? How much you spend 
on R&D? Is it some MOU with Food Research institutions or owned by you? 
Any plan to get into RTE - ready to eat? 
Rajeev Setia:  
Vijay, answer. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Vijay Setia:  
Ok. This is something regarding the team. I think inventors are sometimes only 
one person who can do the change in the whole World. If we look at Green 
Revolution, credit goes to Dr. Swaminathan and the real person behind all 
research was Dr. Mathur. His name is not known to anybody. He released the 29 
varieties in this country with which we were able to remove this hunger from this 
country. The one thing which I mentioned regarding zero emission from the 
factory, I have not seen such invention all around the World. 90% credit goes to 
Ravi Saroj, he is sitting beside me. I will show him on the screen. He is from IIT 
Kharagpur, a very young and very aggressive chap. 
Ravi Saroj:  
Hello. 
Vijay Setia:  
So, if we talk about this thing, regarding our team, I can say one thing, Ravi is 
one, Mandira Kapri, she's not in my office today. She is IIT. She is from IIT 
Kharagpur, and she is my brain. She is working on Vitamin D enrichment of rice 
and wheat flour. She is expert on mycelium, so she wants to go with that route 
incubator and fermentation, and she has a lot of projects in her mind where my 
company will definitely take it forward. Then, we have in our team that daughter 
is from Delhi. She is doing her PhD under Prime Minister Scholarship Scheme. 
So, our company is partner in that project, and she is working on oxidation of 
pesticide residue which I have not mentioned in my first introduction. We have 
our electrical team, which is expert in automation, 90% of automation in our 
factory is done by our own team. You call the outsiders they take a lot of time to 
understand our requirements and percent of their quoted price and we are 
working with that team. So, you need good leaders in your team and then there 
are team members to work under their guidance and give the results. So, I think 
regarding my research R&D team, as I told, for pesticides reduction in the 
agricultural fields, last year we made our MOU with the HAU. After doing their 
trials on sugar cane, they gave their results. We were working on paddy, I have 
some personal agriculture farms where I'm doing organic farming, so I used this 
product. I did not get any disease without using any pesticides. I'm able to 
produce my 1-1-2-1 variety without any trouble with a sufficient and equal yield 
as compared to my neighbours. The people who are using pesticide, they face the 
problem of neck blast, I did not face that also. Again, we visited IARI in Delhi, 
Dr. AK Singh, Vice Chancellor cum Director, IARI and Dr. Madam Anupama 
Chitkara. So, we went there that this is a product which we are working and 
developing and so far we are freely distributing to the farmers. The government 
body said that they will do the ring trials and they ask for financial support of 25 
lakhs to 50 lakhs for the project. Means if you finish in this period or a number of 
years, you use, the cost can go like this. I will prefer that from our CSR fund that 
we should go ahead with this project if we can help our country with this type of 
alternative for the pesticides, I think it is the best investment than anything else 
I'm doing in my life. Thank you. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks sir. We have few more questions in chat box actually. So, just taking one 
by one. So, the other part of the question from Mr. Rahul Paliwal was about in 
India still tougher to get your products through platform and mindshare is also 
lesser compared to Daawat. What is your market share in premium basmati rice 
overall in exports and domestic side? 
Vijay Setia: 
Rajeev, you want to answer or I should answer? I think Rajeev is missing. 
Vijay Setia: 
Ok, I answer. You compared Daawat. They have equally good team and I have 
very high regards for Kohinoor, Daawat and KRBL. Kohinoor faced some 
problems because of some internal reasons whatsoever, but on the rice front at 
one time they were doing very well and maybe some reason unknown I am not 
aware, but regarding LT, their teamwork is almost on our similar manners like 
we have people of expertise with us, with a team of working on the R&D doing 
coming with the new products and LT has invested on their brand with a good 
quality, continuous supply and I won't make much comments on that, but 
definitely they are doing good job. Same way this KRBL is doing good business. 
GRM is doing well. And for my company, I can say my team is not less than any 
other companies’ team. My team is equally hardworking and devoted to the job 
and that's why we are improving, that’s all. And regarding availability of our 
product, definitely our main markets are export markets and more than 90% of 
our rice we are exporting outside India. With the new products coming, so 
definitely we will focus on Indian market also and if you are kicking rice against 
rice, it's a fight. And if you have a product against rice, you have an edge. So, we 
will be in the market with the product which brings better revenues and separate 
segment for our product. Definitely we will do that, and I think the question is 
very valid. Our rice is available on Amazon and other sites also. So, in domestic 
market, we are less active as compared to others very rightly pointed and we 
would definitely be working on this side and hopefully we will be doing better 
results on this side. 
Rajeev Setia: 
 There was one question flowing on the screen about dividend that we have 
already recommended 50%, one rupees a share dividend already recommended 
that will be good. 
Vijay Setia: 
Good, welcome. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Ok. Just moving on, there was another question on the chat box by Mr. Sanjay 
Manyal from ICICI Direct. He's asking about our gross margin. Gross profit 
margin has come down on both on YOY and sequential basis. Reasons for the 
same given that we procure three to four months only, is it safe to assume that 
gross margin will remain low for the next quarters also? 
Rajeev Setia: 
I will answer. We are selling on CIF basis most of the business and in the 
preceding year the ocean freight had gone up very, very high 4-time, 5-time, 10 
times or so. So that way you know the gross profit, sale price was high vis-à-vis 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
our incoming purchases. Ultimately, that goes in the profit and loss account, and 
then it waits, but GP was high, but that's why now the ocean freights are coming 
down and the GP is lower. That is the answer. But overall we are running more. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Understand. Sir, the next question is from the line of Mahesh, he has put on the 
chat box. Question is kindly advise on revenue projection for FY24 any drop in 
revenue expected post Ramadan in next two quarters. This is the first part of the 
question. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Because it's the new year beginning and the prices were very high all these days 
when Ramadan buying was going on and subsequently they have come down. 
When the prices are coming down, people watch for some time and then again 
come up for the buy. So, the business as usual will happen and as we have 
repeatedly explained, we have very spread risk so many countries, so many 
buyers, sometimes we don't know from which country suddenly demand comes, 
which country suddenly it’s come down, but in all, it helps our business. That's 
the way of business. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Understand. The second part of the question is there has been a dip in gross 
margin this quarter. Any reasons for this and also guidance for margins for this 
year FY24? 
Rajeev Setia: 
You see, whenever, because we expect, Vijay has said that the prices will be 
reasonable high or reasonable, but the kind of my survey I did yesterday, I talked 
to the scientist also how much seed is sold, the farmer is grabbing seeds. I talked 
Punjab, the state government is pushing the farmer to grow basmati. Whenever 
the prices at the point of purchase of raw material are low, which we are 
expecting, the profitability in any case goes up. So, this is what we expect in the 
coming season. Yes, this is a little slow period, but still very good company is 
doing wonderful. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Sir, one more question on the chat box from Rishikesh. He's asking contribution 
of Maharani in total revenue for FY23 and what is the target for the same over 
the next 2-3 years? 
Rajeev Setia: 
One thing the Maharani suitable for diabetic is doing very good as regard to 
overall sales is concerned because that gives better profit also. And being an 
exclusive and product with validation because some people are competing, but 
their claims are not validated, we have produced in a way Vijay has explained 
low GI, low glycemic index and our claim is validated by Sydney University, so 
we can share the links also and so it's growing very much this side and other 
conventional rice is selling, yes, but overall it is around 10%-12% of the total 
sales. In domestic, it's all our own brand international, although Maharani is in 40 
or 41 countries but somewhere sales are slow. We'll improve once I told the rice I 
am expecting from Vijay, every day, tell we have to give this dry heat rice. I did 
very well in that rice in the past, I have experience and that's it. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Ajay Thakur: 
Sure sir. Sir, there was a general announcement that we wanted to make if 
anybody who wishes to visit the Karnal Facility of Mr. Chaman Lal Setia. There 
has been a link which has been shared in the last page of the investor 
presentation. Anyone who wishes to be part of the visit, can actually go and click 
on the link and can participate for the visit. We have another question from Mr. 
Somnath Paul from Relay Investments. Mr. Somnath, you can unmute and ask 
your question. 
Somnath Paul: 
Sir, I think most of the questions have been answered. This is just a general 
understanding of the rice industry. Japan is a big market and as I understand from 
industry people, so a lot of products Japan are trying to diversify from China as 
their sourcing partner. So, I know Japan considers Japonica Rice or the goodness 
rice. So, can you throw some light on have you tried doing that or as a market 
because India doesn't do too much of it, can you throw some light? 
Rajeev Setia: 
Yeah, we have exported to Japan in the past. Now, Sankesh is going in three days 
to Japan. He has meeting with 2-3 companies, and we expect resume of the 
business because nobody went to Japan from the company. Yes, Vijay visited, 
but so many years back that worked with the association. So, we expect 
something to start from Japan. 
Somnath Paul: 
But would it be general basmati rice for the Indian and the other people staying 
there or is it more like a traditional variety which is more larger in volumes like 
consumed by the entire country? 
Rajeev Setia: 
Actually, you see over Indian community is all around. They and Pakistani 
Indian or oriental people of Afghan, Iran, Iraq origin, they eat rice, but you see in 
every single restaurant boiled rice is given. In Europe I have seen all along in all 
restaurants. So, the Indian food is getting publicity, is going on, coming up more. 
Vijay Setia: 
Rajeev, I answer something. I just understood that Japan market, I will say one 
thing Japanese eating habits are different from us. They prefer sticky rice, so 
Japan won't be a big market for India. I have visited Japan when from India 
basmati rice exports were started. They don't like aroma in the rice first thing, 
they like sticky rice. They use making for their sushi and other things. They use 
chopsticks. So, there is a difference what we are eating and what type of rice they 
are eating. Going to Japan is getting technology and a very small business of rice, 
definitely this much is opportunity, and it may in future Japan, if their eating 
habits change, then it is possible. This is such a community when they were in a 
short of rice supplies, government of Japan under some government treaties or 
some reasons they imported some rice from Thailand. The consumers were 
forced to take one Japanese and one Thai pouch from the government sales or 
their sales system. After buying, they were dropping one back that was Thai rice 
and they were taking their Japanese rice. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Nationalism. 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
Vijay Setia: 
Nationalism is too much, so that's about that country, but we have exported rice 
to Japan to Hitachi Corporation in the past, but it was small quantities and again 
we will try to revive. Because they were also investing on basmati somewhere, 
we can make market in our Japan areas and I think they could not make much, 
but there are small quantities exported to Japan and we will try for that. Thank 
you. 
Somnath Paul:  
Great point sir. Very, very insightful. Thank you. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks. We have another question from Sangui Investment. They are asking Sir, 
any buyback plans as our share is trading at a deep discount to peers? 
Vijay Setia: 
I think it is free floating and we don't have as any such plan of buying or selling 
and definitely our main focus is on that how we can develop our company to a 
next level, what more can be added to the company’s work culture and systems 
so that we can improve our presence in the global market in a more stronger way, 
that is our plan right now. Thank you, Sir. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Ok. And before we close actually, so there is one part of the question from Mr. 
Rahul Paliwal. He's asking for the link just to inform every participant that the 
link is shared in the last page of the presentation, they can go to the presentation 
and can click on the link provided in the presentation for the planned visit. 
Thanks. Sir, on behalf of Anand Rathi, I would like to thank you both, Mr. Vijay 
Setia and Rajeev Setia from Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited for giving us the 
opportunity to host for the call and sharing your views on Q4 FY23 and full year 
FY23 results highlight and also you know they share on views on the industry 
overall. Thanks for giving us the opportunity on behalf of both. 
Vijay Setia: 
Thank you very much everybody. 
Rajeev Setia: 
Thank you very much for sparing their time. Thank you. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks sir. On behalf of Anand Rathi and Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited. 
Vijay Setia: 
[Inaudible] Thanks for raising a very valuable question and which are 
enlightening to me and to my team also. I'm thankful to everybody. Thank you 
very much. Jai Hind. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks sir. Thanks everyone for your participation. We would like to end the call 
now. Thanks. 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose)  
Contact Information: 
Ms. Kanika Nevtia, Company Secretary 
Email: ir.chamanlalsetia@clsel.in 

                                                                                          Chaman Lal Setia Exports Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Call 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Corporate Office: 472, Phase-3 Udyog Vihar, Gurugram, Haryana-122016 
CIN No.: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
 
 
 
Registered office: 
Meerankot Road, P.O.Central Jail, Ajnala Road 
Amritsar, Punjab, India – 143002  
CIN: L51909PB1994PLC015083 
www.clsel.in 
 
 
 
