castrol.co.in 
 
Registered address:  
Castrol India Limited 
CIN: L23200MH1979PLC021359 
Technopolis Knowledge Park, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400093 
Tel: +9122-66984100 / Fax: +9122-66984101 
Customer Service Toll Free No: 1800222100 / 18002098100 
 
 
 
2 August 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001      
Scrip Code: 500870 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: CASTROLIND                           
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of audio recording of the Post Earnings Call for 2Q FY 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the 
audio recording of the Company's post earnings call with analysts/investors held on 
Tuesday, 1 August 2023 is enclosed. The same is available on the website of the 
Company.  
 
The transcript of the recording can be accessed on the following link: 
https://www.castrol.com/en_in/india/home/investors/information-for-
shareholders.html under INVESTOR CALL DETAILS --- 2023 --- 2Q FY 2023 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thank You. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Castrol India Limited 
 
 
 
Hemangi Ghag 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a 
HEMANG
I YATEEN 
GHAG
Digitally signed 
by HEMANGI 
YATEEN GHAG 
Date: 2023.08.02 
14:04:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Castrol India Limited 
2Q 2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP SANGWAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
CASTROL INDIA LIMITED  
MR. DEEPESH BAXI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – CASTROL INDIA LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our 2Q 2023 Earnings Conference Call for Castrol India 
Limited. Please note that, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And you can ask 
your questions after the presentation. If you need assistance during the call, please press star 
then zero on your touchtone phone to reach the operator. 
We have with us, Mr. Sandeep Sangwan, Managing Director, Castrol India Limited; and Mr. 
Deepesh Baxi, CFO and Whole-Time Director, Castrol India Limited. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sangwan. Thank you, and over to you. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Hi, thanks. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for attending Castrol India's Second 
Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I hope you and your family are doing well. We're pleased to share 
that Castrol India Limited delivered strong growth in the second quarter of '23. I'd also like to 
remind you that we follow the Jan to December calendar year for our reporting. We focused on 
achieving growth both through volume and top line revenue growth. And despite challenges, I 
think we've done a good job and we're very happy with the second quarter performance showing 
resilience and innovation in products and services, and we'll cover that a bit later in the call. 
To begin with, let me invite Deepesh, our CFO to take you through second quarter numbers and 
financial performance in detail. And he will also then take the opportunity to share with you how 
the first half of this year has been. So, Deepesh, over to you. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Good afternoon all of you. We announced our 2Q results this -- yesterday 
afternoon, and here are some key financial highlights. In the second quarter of 2023, we reported 
strong financial performance. Our revenue from operation was INR1,334 crores, which is up 7% 
compared to 2Q 2022, and it's also up 3% compared to the sequential quarter of 1Q 2023. Profit 
before tax was INR305 crores, a gain of 9% compared to INR280 crores in 2Q 2022 and 6% 
higher than 1Q 2023 sequential quarter. 
This resulted in delivering a strong performance in 1H also ending 30th June 2023. During this 
period, we registered revenue from operations of INR2,628 crores, achieving a growth of 6% 
compared to 1H 2022. And PBT for the first half of 2023 stood at INR593 crores, marking a 
growth of 0.4% versus INR591 crores in 1H of 2022. 
The Board of Directors have declared an interim dividend of INR3 per share, which will be paid 
on or before 31st August 2023. With confidence, we move ahead, expecting continued growth 
and impact into the end of the year 2023. I would now like to handover to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. Thanks Deepesh. I think apart from the financial performance, I'd like to draw your 
attention to some of the key business developments at CIL. First is, we expanded our portfolio 
by entering the Auto Care segment with a variety of products in May. This reaffirms our promise 
to offer superior service satisfaction to vehicle owners. And this quarter, we plan to leverage our 
extensive network of distributors, modern trade partners, e-commerce channels and Castrol Auto 
Service outlets and Bike Points to reach consumers with this offering. 
We also successfully launched Castrol CRB ESSENTIAL, a 5 product variant range of 
affordable commercial vehicle engine oils to cater to different specifications. To win in the SUV 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
market, which is almost kind of 50% of the new car sales, we launched MAGNATEC SUV 
5W30, a premium full synthetic offering, which has gained a great response from our customers 
already. 
Then pursuant to a June '23 agreement with Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited, Castrol Auto 
Service multi-brand passenger car workshops have an option to be empaneled as distributors of 
eligible insurance policies from top motor insurance providers through Mahindra Insurance 
Brokers Limited. The workshops can now potentially offer automotive insurance products 
digitally alongside repair and maintenance services for their customers' vehicles. 
By the end of the first half, we've already established a network of over 5,500 Castrol Bike Points 
and 350 Castrol Auto Service outlets. In the second half, we aim to reinforce our position in the 
aftersales service market, committed to enhancing our presence and providing exceptional 
service to our valued customers. 
Pursuant to alliances with OEMs for supply of EV fluids, we launched Castrol ON EV 
transmission fluids and other relevant fluids for EVs for the aftermarket earlier this year. 
Consumers can now buy the product on e-commerce platforms. Additionally, we are conducting 
ASDC-certified EV readiness trainings to make car and bike mechanics in India EV-ready. 
Until now, we have trained 200 mechanics across India. And in third quarter, we expect to further 
increase that number through providing more trainings. And this will help us strengthen our 
market position going forward as well. At the same time, we do all this while keeping our focus 
on sustainability. We continue to explore raw material optionality to reduce carbon footprint and 
our 3 state-of-the-art plants in Paharpur, Patalganga and Silvassa continue to perform well with 
a capacity of about 260 million litres for lubricants. 
I think as a part of our Castrol's global PATH360 sustainability agenda, we moved our 
Patalganga plant to 100% renewable energy electricity now, and the plant is procuring this green 
electricity directly from the grid. The plant also won prestigious award for industrial health and 
safety practices by the Government of Maharashtra and occupational health and safety award, 
the Golden Peacock Award. The Paharpur plant was also awarded Gold Award for Plant 
Efficiency category by Apex India Foundation. 
And on that note, I'd like to thank you for your attention and would like to open the session for 
your questions, feedback and views, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Swechha from ANS Wealth. 
Swechha: 
I have two questions. First was, you said the revenue growth of 7% Y-o-Y, how much of this 
was the volume growth? If you could give me the volume growth numbers Y-o-Y and sequential 
also? And the second question was, if you could give me a breakup of how much revenue was 
generated from EV fluids in this quarter and the previous quarter, that would be helpful? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. Deepesh, do you want to take that? 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Yes. So first question in terms of the volume growth, I think we grew volume. We had about 58 
million litres this quarter versus 55 million litres the previous quarter. In terms of the growth on 
volumes, we were about -- 20% growth has come from volume. In terms of the EV fluids, I think 
it's too early to really share with you the numbers. As you know, the EV market is effectively 
very nascent stage. And the percentage of EV sales itself in motor cars is at single digit in terms 
of the total car sales. So very early stage in terms of -- so it's now very difficult to give you a 
number at this stage. 
Swechha: 
Okay. Okay. So if you could -- just a follow-up on this. So if you could give a broader outline 
as to how do you see this EV fluids contributing to our revenues, say, going down 2 years or 3 
years down the line or maybe 4 quarters to 6 quarters down the line. What percentage of revenue 
this can become at a later stage? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
I think if you're looking at the next 5 quarters to 6 quarters, the contribution of EV fluids is going 
to stay relatively very, very small, because I think given the low penetration of cars in India, a 
lot of consumer demand is still being fulfilled by ICE vehicles. And we expect that the lubricants 
market even for a medium to long-term will continue to stay robust still well into the 2035, 2040. 
So I think in the next few quarters, the contribution of EV fluids is going to be very small. But 
what we are making sure is that all the relevant products are available for EV vehicles to our 
customers. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Yes. Sir, two questions. Firstly, I mean, your commentary in the press release was quite 
optimistic in terms of the outlook for the market as well as the growth outlook for this year. So 
what do you think is happening in the market? And what do you think -- how would that pan out 
in terms of your overall growth for the year? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So Sabri, I think I'd like to answer that in 2 respects. So first of all, the lubricant market is 
growing, okay? We -- and we expect the total volumes and value to grow in this year, could be 
in the range of about like anywhere from 5% to 7%. But we're quite optimistic on demand growth 
in the lubricants category. Point number one. Second is, if you remember, last year, there was a 
lot of inflation, a lot of cost pressures, and we had to take multiple price increases to protect our 
margins. And I think those costs -- and as a result of that, the volumes in the second half of last 
year were impacted or under pressure. And with cost inflation having eased out now, we expect 
the volumes to start growing again, and that's one of our focus areas. 
And we operate a strategic pricing framework, and we'll continue to take pricing actions so that 
we continue keep giving good value to our consumers and customers. So hopefully, if the 
inflation stays, cost -- raw material input inflation stays at levels where we see now, we're quite 
optimistic on demand in the second half of this year. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
Yes, sir. Congratulations on good numbers. So sir, my question was similar to the previous 
participant that I want to understand on the EV space basically. So what would be our revenue 
per vehicle on the EV side? See, I do understand EV is still at a nascent stage, but if we compare 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
with, say, internal combustion engine per vehicle content versus per vehicle content on EV side. 
So just wanted your outlook on the same? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So I think on EVs consume less fluids as compared to ICE because EV don't need any 
engine oil, okay? But the technology is still developing and depending on how the technology 
develops will also -- because, for example, there's a higher need of thermal management and 
batteries for electric vehicles and that may consume fluids. So again, it's a function of time. At 
the same time, as a company, we're also kind of entering into new areas, things like Auto Care 
that I've spoken about to make sure that we expand into areas beyond lubricants. But just to give 
you the reassurance, we expect the lubricants market to continue growing into 2040, okay? So 
while the EV -- EVs will grow in the future, we don't see an immediate impact or even in the 
medium term from a business perspective. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Pratik Poddar from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Yes. Just 2 questions. One is if you could just talk a bit about the replacement lifecycle of this 
EV fluid -- the transmission EV fluid? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So normally, the EV fluids tend to be filled for life. The -- it's -- the replacement cycles are not 
something like engine oil, which you need to service every few months or every 10,000 
kilometers or so. But technology is still evolving. As I said, nobody has all the answers. So -- 
but typically, they tend to be filled for life. 
Pratik Poddar: 
And the realizations, would it be substantially higher than like-for-like vehicles or they are 
lower? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. The realizations because it's a different technology tend to be slightly on the higher side, 
okay? But it's a very small number or small volume by expansion. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Got it. Got it. And last question sir, on Castrol Auto Service outlets, these are franchisee outlets, 
right? Just wanted to... 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, absolutely. These are outlets where we don't own the assets. These are outlets where we 
provide branding support, we provide training support, and we provide certification and these 
outlets primarily use Castrol lubricants so that consumers can get quality assurance service. 
Pratik Poddar: 
And it is that this network that you are introducing other car care products also, right? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
No, no. So we're introducing our product in all the outlets that we cover. So today, we cover 
almost about 100,000-plus outlets. So we'll sell these products in whichever channel is relevant 
for these products. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Hemal, an Individual Investor. 
Hemal: 
Yes. So as I see -- if you see 2016, '19 area, our EBITDA margin range used to be 27% to 30%. 
And going forward, I mean, because of maybe competitive intensity, our margins now we're 
guiding towards 23% and strategic pricing that you've been mentioning, but the industry is 
growing. Are we to expect -- if you take 3-year, 4-year view that the competitive intensity or the 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
product mix that you're selling, is it going to lead to EBITDA margin compression further or is 
it this is where you believe it will normalize for the next 3 years, 4 years, assuming the raw 
materials don't move a lot and assuming last year was a one-off? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So, Hemant, I'll answer a part of that question, and then I'll hand over to Deepesh. So first thing 
is we are a premium branded lubricant player in the market, okay, and personal mobility is a key 
focus area for us. So I think we will continue investing behind our brands, and that's been one 
of the hallmarks of Castrol, which enables us to command premiums in the market and not shift 
-- making any shift in that thinking. And I think as personal mobility vehicle ownership grows, 
that will also play to advantage in terms of protecting our margins. 
So from a margin compression perspective, no, I don't see a margin compression happening in 
our business in the next few years because we will continue to be a branded player. And on the 
cost side also, we keep working on formulations to improve our formulations and improve our 
cost profile. So that's the broad shape that we have in mind. But Deepesh, if you'd like to add to 
this? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Yes. Yes. Thanks, Sandeep. So the only thing I would add is that the range of the EBITDA 
margin, you spoke about 26-odd percent plus/minus.,I think we've already shifted that by giving 
a range, which is 23% to 27%, right? So looking -- and that was more from a point of view of 
then looking at 3-year, 5-year forward view. So if I turn the question differently, the compression 
is then already factored in -- into that new range that we have given, and we are operating that. 
So I -- we don't see really going below 23%. Yes. I mean, there will be a odd year where there 
is a huge pressure on input costs, etcetera, but that might be a temporary blip. 
The mix as well of the various products offering that we do, and you must have seen also in the 
press release, we regularly come up with new products, which are technologically advanced and 
fit for purpose for our consumers. So the price -- pricing that Sandeep was talking about, we 
always want to help the consumers get the best value for money as well. So keeping all of this 
consideration in mind, 23% to 25%, 26% is the range we would like to operate in. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Gaurav Nigam from Tunga Investments. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Yes. I just wanted to understand perspective since Castrol is a global company, sir, and I 
completely understand may not see EV transition in near future. But globally, like geography, 
the transitioning to EV, how the revenue profile of lubricant companies changing globally, any 
learnings that you can share from your global experience? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think we continue working with all the big OEMs globally in terms of development of EV 
fluids for their vehicles, and I think there's a lot of investment going into that area. For example, 
BP, which is our parent company, announced a GBP 50 million investment in thermal 
management of batteries and EV charging last year at Castrol's headquarters in the U.K. So that 
is one. 
From a revenue perspective, from a growth perspective, I think while the Western world is seeing 
accelerated kind of adoption of electric vehicles, there are opportunities in emerging markets 
such as India, South Asia, where I think the car park -- ICE car park is still growing. So we see 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
globally that balancing out. And then we're also looking at additional opportunities, for example, 
one of the areas that Castrol globally has called out is around thermal management of data 
centers as an opportunity area from a fluids perspective. So we are looking at all the options. 
And I think Castrol has been in business for 100-plus years, and we want to continue being in 
the business for the next 100 years. So... 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Got it. Got it, sir. Really appreciate. Sir, one -- another question. Can you directionally indicate 
what is our revenue proportion from non 2-wheeler and PV segments, I mean more CV and farm 
and all the other segments put together? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So kind of personal mobility accounts almost for about 45% of our revenues. Commercial 
vehicles account for another kind of 40-odd percent, yes, and -- 35% to 40%. So basically, that's 
the split, okay? And then you have balance of the industrial fluid. So if you take roughly in the 
range of, broadly you can say, 45%, 40% and another 15% from industrial. That's the broad 
shape. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sameer Dalal from Natverlal & Sons Stockbrokers. 
Sameer Dalal: 
Yes. So my question, actually, to some extent, has been answered, it was on the competitive 
intensity that is there in the market. We are talking of maybe as the next many years, India will 
continue to grow in the ICE business, I mean, because the number of cars being sold is increasing 
and EV is still a very, very small component. So I want to know how you would be able to 
capture more of the market share going forward apart from just pricing? I mean you talked a 
little bit about the fact that you're doing this tie-up for branding, for servicing and all. But what 
are the other steps that probably you could take to ensure that you keep your lead in the market 
going forward? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think, first of all, is around innovation, making sure that we are offering consumers latest 
products with latest specifications as the market evolves. So, for example, if you've seen the cars 
market, which used to be a 10W viscosity now has shifted to a 5W viscosity as the premium 
viscosity. And in the last quarter, we introduced a product called MAGNATEC SUV 5W30. So 
one area where we've always been very active and will continue to be active is product 
innovation and giving good quality products to our consumers. That's one area. 
The second is, I think as the demand evolves on passenger cars, which are going to grow much 
faster as compared to 2-wheelers or commercial vehicles. We have a whole range of products 
and we leverage our global technology centers because what has happened in Europe, let's say, 
4 years, 5 years ago is happening in India now from a technology perspective. And we have 
access to all those products and offerings from being part of the global multinational 
organization. The second is we're looking at distribution expansion opportunities, okay? So 
we're looking at rural as a growth opportunity area where we want to be focused. 
We're making investments beyond -- so last year, we invested in a company called Ki Mobility 
Solutions, which is a digital aftermarket player, which is a part of the TVS Group, and we took 
a 7% stake in that company. We closed the transaction in Jan. We are quite happy with the 
progress because they're also -- they have spare parts business, they have a network. So I think 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
that's the broad shape of things that we're looking at, and we also see opportunities in the 
industrial space. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, you spoke about expanding your network with like what stakes we have taken as well as this 
Auto Care and setting up various service center. So how much, I mean, sales we are really able 
to generate out of this alternate channel that we are working? And how do we see this from 3 
years' to 5 years' perspective that really start contributing in meaningful way? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think it's very difficult to give you a broad split of how much do we sell to a branded versus 
sub-channel. But we do have the numbers, but I think that's something -- data from a competitive 
perspective, we don't share very openly, okay. We see good demand coming from passenger car 
workshops, okay? And that's why we're interested in investing in companies such as Ki Mobility 
or building a network, and we'll continue focusing on that because having a workshop offer gives 
a much better shape to us in the marketplace. But I think for competitive reason, I won't be able 
to share exact splits of these volumes or revenue from these channels. 
Bharat Sheth: 
I don't want, but qualitatively, if you can just give some colour, how it will grow over the existing 
channel that we really look like? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think the cars market is growing, and that's an area where we want to participate. And we 
have a leading share in the car space. We continue focusing on that, both from a retail and 
independent workshop perspective. I don't know what else can I say. We have a good share in 
all those spaces. Our market shares are in the range of -- in the retail automotive aftermarket as 
measured by Nielsen, stay in the range of about 20-odd percent, and that's what we want to 
continue protecting and growing. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
And I mean I may just build -- these are service and maintenance workshop, right? So as Ki 
Mobility expands their network from x number of workshops to y over the next few years, the 
multiplier effect comes on to us as well. By the way, there is -- and whatever possibility is there 
on EVs, spares, repairs, they play in all of that. It's just not ICE engine. So with this investment, 
I think we do have access to that as well. 
So I think the alliance that we have with them or the stake that we have taken is a strategic 
investment, and we are working with them not only on this, but many other opportunities, which 
obviously, as part of being a strategic partner, we get access to, and it can range not only just 
from service and maintenance but to other aspects of adjacencies as well. I mean think that's the 
best I can give you in terms of the flavour of what this is all about. This is a long-term investment 
from a point of view of collaborating with them and leveraging on each other's benefits and 
advantages. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vipul Shah from Sumangal Investments. 
Vipul Shah: 
Are we charging the -- this Castrol branded franchisee workshop NEC for using our name? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So you mean to say any franchisee fees or something, yes, from Castrol Auto Service? 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. I think that's something that is -- I wouldn't like to comment on that. Let me say that we 
will hold our comment. But I think our primary focus is to make sure that consumers get quality 
service through Castrol lubricants and that's the intent. 
Vipul Shah: 
So why I was asking is, is there any meaningful contribution from that area? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So in these workshops, primarily Castrol lubricants get sold. So typically, let's say, my 
share in the -- and I'm just not quote any number. Let's say, if the share is 30%, 40%, 20%, in 
these branded workshops, we get a much higher share of lubricant usage, and that's where we 
drive value from. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. Mr. Dhaval Shah, 
your line is unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. Since there is no response, we'll move 
on to the next participant. We have a question from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent 
Investments. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir, I have one question on the Auto Care business. As you mentioned, we are like making a 
portfolio in this segment. So just wanted to understand what is the current revenue, what kind of 
market this is? And I just want to understand the flavour in this segment, like how is the revenue 
we are looking for next 3 years to 5 years in this segment? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think we just launched the range in May. So it's very early days, I don't know how much 
revenue will it contribute? I think, first of all, we'll come up with a range of 5 products, as I said. 
And this is a very unorganized sector right now, and you have many, many small players. And 
I think our intent is to give branded offerings in this market. So we see good growth prospects, 
how much will it be, time will tell, very early days, I would say. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir, any ballpark number on the market size of these products? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Very difficult to estimate, okay? I think we see as a good opportunity. That's why we entered 
this market. You have big other players in the market, 3M operates in this space, you have 
Pidilite in this space, which are the other players. So we see opportunities, and that's why we 
decided to enter this segment. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. Okay. So just to conclude currently, this market is driven by the unorganized small 
players, right? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, there are many local players kind of getting organized. So we'll continue kind of making 
sure that we're adding offerings and keep working in this area. So... 
Hiten Boricha: 
And sir, these products are also sold in the franchisees type of model, which we are currently 
trying to do with the outlet? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Mayank Maheshwari from Morgan Stanley. 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Mayank Maheshwari: 
Just a bit more on industry question, especially on the cost side. Can you just talk a bit around 
how you're seeing the demand supply evolve on Group 3 lubricants as well as on the Group 1 
side, if you can give us some flavour of what's going on in the market there? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think, first of all, we have good global sourcing contracts, which kind of give us supply in 
the market. I think we've seen deflation coming through in Group 1, Group 2 and across all the 
base oil formats. And I think hopefully, we'll see stability in the prices going into second half. 
That's all that I can say. I think it will be -- it will not be right for me to comment on our sourcing 
strategy and how we source base oils. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Swechha from ANS Wealth. 
Swechha: 
Just a follow-up. So like you said you just started the Auto Care in May. So could you give some 
more details as to what products are we targeting in Auto Care and how do we plan to scale it 
up? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, yes, sure. So I think the products that we kind of launched now are products such as there's 
a Anti Rust product, there's a chain lube protector, there's a chain lube grease, which is used by 
2-wheelers, there's a wax, which is a shine product. So basically, the proposition we have is we 
protect our vehicles from inside and outside because Castrol has been protecting engines for the 
last 100 years. 
And that's why we decided to extend this range to also body care for automotive vehicles. And 
I think if I look at the portfolio, Auto Care is a vast range of products with multiple offerings 
from various players. And our intent is every 6 months or so, we'll keep enhancing this product 
range offering for the consumers. 
Swechha: 
Okay. Okay. So are we also looking at like when you say body care, something like a protection 
film that normal cars have it, are we also looking on those lines? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think we're looking at all the opportunities available in this category, and we're not close to 
anything which will add value to the business. 
Swechha: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, the second follow-up, if you could give me the volume that was in Q2 of 
last year, sir? You gave 58 million litres this Q2. So if you give a number for last quarter, Q2? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
In Q2 2023? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
2022. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Sorry, 2022. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. 
Swechha: 
Yes. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
So 2022, we did 56 million litres last year. 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
Thanks for allowing me for a follow-up question. Can you share with us revenue contribution 
from Ki Mobility, the EBITDA margin for the same? And what growth can we expect going 
forward? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Yes. I think it's too early to give any numbers at this stage. We -- we completed the transaction 
only in January. And like we have said earlier, the intent of this is to have Castrol in their 
workshops. And we're looking at various other synergies and opportunities in both the -- both 
sides of the workshops to leverage the benefit that we have in terms of the strategic stake that 
we hold. But frankly, too early to give you numbers at this stage. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. But the EBITDA margin would be similar to our lubricant business or any guidance, I 
mean, any outlook on the same? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
It will be similar. 
Saumil Shah: 
It would be similar. Okay. And sir -- sorry? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
No, no, it will be similar, I said. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And so are we planning to increase any stake there in Ki Mobility side? 
Deepesh Baxi: 
I think difficult to say again. We firstly want to make sure that what we have done and invested 
for, that gets completely embedded and executed. And that is going on and both sides of the 
teams are working on it. And if opportunity arises, we will see in the future. But at this stage, I 
would not like to comment on anything. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes. Sir, two questions from my side. First is the 15% of the business, which is the industrial 
lubrication, how is that segment growing, given the industrial activity has also been doing well 
in the country? And what's your outlook for the year? And my second question is, what is the 
revenue model for the Castrol Auto Service business, which we are developing? If you could 
throw some more light on that? Yes. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. So I think as for the industrial business is concerned, we've seen good growth in this quarter. 
And with the manufacturing activity picking up, with government's focus on making India 
manufacturing hub, we see industrial as a good growth opportunity, and hopefully, we'll continue 
seeing growth in the second half of this year also. 
And the Castrol Auto Service, I think in response to one of the earlier questions, I think we get 
good sales from lubricants and these workshops were -- which are branded Castrol because they 
primarily use Castrol products because they have trust in Castrol and they have -- they're able to 
kind of give good offerings to consumers. 
So primarily the source of revenues, better lubricant sales through these networks. That's the 
primary focus. And we also are entering into partnerships with people like Mahindra Insurance 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Brokers, as I said, which help drive demand into these workshops and increase traffic in these 
workshops. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. So any aftersales service they do for the car? So that's -- any that -- any of that revenue 
will not come to us like the car servicing? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
No, that workshops revenue -- basically, we equip the workshops to provide better services to 
consumers using Castrol lubricants, that's the focus area. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And if you can quantify the volume growth on the industrial side, like overall, we had a 
5% volume growth year-over-year, but the industrial volume growth separately if you can share? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So I think this quarter, the volume growth is in the range of about 9% to 11% without being very 
specific. So -- but that's the broad range. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. For the quarter. Okay. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is to bring to your notice that the call will conclude in the next 5 
minutes. We'll take our next question from the line of Harsh Maru from Emkay Global. 
Harsh Maru: 
I actually had a question that's got answered. So thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mohit Mehra from Guardian Capital. 
Mohit Mehra: 
I just wanted to ask how the progress is happening by our partnership with this Jio-BP petrol 
pumps? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes. I think that is progressing well. I think Jio-BP, they're opening new outlets, and we have a 
commercial supply agreement, respecting competition law and respecting all the regulatory 
compliances. We have a lubricant supply position. I think last year, given the pricing situation, 
it was slightly subdued, but we're back to seeing good traction in those fuel costs. And I think as 
they add more outlets, we'll continue seeing growth in the lubricant supply position with these 
outlets. 
Mohit Mehra: 
So how many outlets do we have, because earlier I think we were disclosing this number, but 
now we've stopped disclosing? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Yes, I think it's -- I think that question will be better answered by Jio-BP. Basically, we won't 
like to kind of share any number as far as that is concerned because that's not... 
Mohit Mehra: 
No, no, no, I'm not talking about the number of Jio-BP petrol pumps, I'm talking about the 
number of outlets at which we are distributing Castrol? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
So we supply to all the Jio-BP outlets. And I think we have about -- we have also another 
offering, I think that maybe is what you're referring to is we have this express oil service, kiosks 

 
 
Castrol India Limited 
 
 
August 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
on Jio-BP side. We have about 40 of those right now, and we'll continue expanding on those as 
the outlets grow. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
But lubricant supply is going to add -- lubricant supply is on all the Jio-BP outlets. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Got it. Got it. Okay. And this -- the Mahindra partnership, that will not directly benefit us, right? 
It is just something that an added advantage for our partners, right? 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Absolutely right. So it is for the advantage of the workshop, and this is something that Castrol 
has brought as a part of the offer to these workshops. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we are at time. This brings us to an end of the call. On behalf 
of Castrol India Limited, I thank you all for joining this call. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Wish you a good day ahead. 
Sandeep Sangwan: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Deepesh Baxi: 
Thank you. 
