JlQtYFpe
& INDUSTRIES LTD.
J KTIL:SECTL:SE:2023
Date:14tn August 2023
Dear Sir,
Re. Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 7rh August 2023
- Regulation 30 of the sEBt (Listing obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Further to our Letter dated 27th July 2023 re. intimation of schedule
of Results Conference Call, we enclose herewith transcript of the
Quarterl, financial yeat 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call held on
7tn August 2023 .
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For JK Tyre & lndustries Ltd.
(PK Rustagi)
Vice President (Legal) & Company Secretary
Admin, Off.: 3, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg, New Delhi-110 002, Fax: 91-11-23322059, Phone: 91.1'1.660011'12,66001122
Regd. Off.: Jaykaygram, P0 - Tyre Factory, Kankroli -313342 (Rajasthan), Fax:02952-2320'18, Ph. : 02952-233400 / 233000
Website : www jktyre.com CIN : 167120RJ1951 P1C045966
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeej
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400
Scrip Code:
eebhoy Towers,
001.
530007
National Stock Exchange of lndia
Exchange Plaza, C -1, Block G,
Bandra -Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051.
Scrip Code: JKTYRE
Ltd.
VIKRANT
Pawan Kumar 
Rustagi
Digitally signed by 
Pawan Kumar Rustagi 
Date: 2023.08.14 
12:39:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19  
  
  
  
“JK Tyre & Industries Limited   
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call”  
  
August 07, 2023  
    
  
  
  
ANALYST:  
MR. BASUDEB BANERJEE - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED  
  
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANSHUMAN SINGHANIA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MR. ARUN K. BAJORIA – DIRECTOR AND PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED  
MR. ANUJ KATHURIA – PRESIDENT INDIA BUSINESS – JK 
TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MR. SANJEEV AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
– JK TYRE & INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MR. A. K. KINRA – FINANCIAL ADVISOR – JK TYRE &  
INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 2 of 19  
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 Earnings  
Conference Call of JK Tyre and Industries Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” 
then “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now have the conference over Mr. Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI 
Securities. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Banerjee.  
Basudeb Banerjee:  
Thanks Mitchell. Very good morning to all the participants and thanks to the 
management of JK Tyres and Industries for giving us the opportunity to host the 
call. We have with us the senior management of JK Tyres represented by Mr. 
Anshuman Singhania - Managing Director; Mr. Arun K Bajoria - Director & 
President (International) Business; Mr. Anuj Kathuria - President (India) Business; 
Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal - Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. A K Kinra - Financial 
Advisor. So, without wasting any time, over to the management of JK Tyres for their 
initial comments. Thanks.  
Anshuman Singhania: Thank you and good morning everyone. I hope you all are keeping well. We thank  
you for your participation in JK Tyre’s Q1FY24 earnings call. I am Anshuman 
Singhania, Managing Director and I have with me Mr. Arun Bajoria, Director & 
President – International, Mr. Anuj Kathuria, President – India, Mr. A.K. Kinra, 
Financial Advisor and Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, CFO of the Company.   
The financial year 2024 has started on a positive note. The Company’s top-line has 
been growing consistently and has recorded consolidated net revenues of Rs.3,729 
crore in Q1FY24, higher by 2% as compared to the corresponding quarter, led by 
continued robust demand.   
The operating profit has grown from Rs.291 crore to Rs.465 crore over the 
corresponding quarter, which is an impressive increase of 60%. During the quarter, 
operating margin expanded by 450 basis points. This is a result of continuous focus 
on improving operational efficiencies, leveraging on product premiumization, 
digitalization and cost optimization, which are further aided by stable raw material 
prices.  
Q1 continued with robust demand momentum in the domestic market due to healthy 
macro-economic environment, resulting into volume growth of 3% over the 

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 3 of 19  
previous quarter. The momentum in demand is supported by strong 
replacement volumes, which grew by 8% over the previous quarter. Increasing 
freight movement, higher government infrastructure spending, rapid urbanization 
and rising economic activities are the key drivers to boost replacement growth. 
However, OEM witnessed de-growth of nearly 10% over the previous quarter on 
account of pre-buying effect by CV OEMs prior to transition to OBD-2 emission 
norms. We believe this is a temporary phenomenon and the demand is expected to 
bounce back in coming quarters.   
Passenger vehicle tyres continue to witness good volumes both in replacement and 
OEM segment, driven by increased automotive sales due to strong order book 
including new launches by PV manufacturers and improved supply chain 
environment. Farm segment is showing good signs of recovery in volumes due to 
increase in farm income with good monsoon coupled with government incentive 
schemes on tractors. Demand across segments is expected to further improve with 
the onset of festive season.  
Exports have started to improve in Q1FY24 with moderation in inflation and steady 
signs of economic growth in US and other economies globally. Consolidated exports 
stood at Rs.587 crore, which is up by 23% over the previous quarter, primarily led 
by higher volumes. We believe the export demand to improve further.  
On the overall outlook, we remain optimistic on automobile and tyre Industry growth 
path in line with robust GDP growth forecast and favorable macroeconomic factors.  
We are consistently strengthening our relationship with OEMs, recently we have 
won businesses of new models launched by Hyundai and Kia. The fuel-efficient 
tyres (XF series) and extra- mileage (XM series) have been well received by CV 
OEMs. This signifies trust reposed by the OEMs in our products, which are backed 
by high quality standards, innovations across segments. Our R&D team tirelessly 
focusses on developing innovative and sustainable range of products including the 
emerging EV segment to meet and exceed customer expectations.    
Our recently developed “UX Green” tyre in the PCR segment has the highest 
sustainable materials of 80% globally. This is a worthy demonstration of our serious 
commitment towards sustainable growth keeping ESG on the top of our agenda.  
On channel development, we have recently marked our presence by opening JK 
Tyre’s flagship Steel Wheels Centre in Leh, which is first in the region to offer 
enhanced customer experience. Our plans are to penetrate deeper into the domestic 
markets and cover all white spaces with brand shops and dealerships across India. 
Digitalization: Digitalization has enabled us to automate the systems and processes 

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 4 of 19  
across the value chain resulting in superior customer experience. 
JK Tyre is committed to continue the journey of digital transformation.  
 
 
 
ESG: We aim to reduce carbon emission intensity by 50% till 2030 and become 
carbon neutral by 2050. Demonstrating our commitment, we are sourcing 58% of 
our power requirement from renewable sources. We have attained a leadership 
position in energy usage, water management, and reducing carbon emissions. The 
Company is actively pursuing diverse domains, including health, safety and 
community development. At JK Tyre, a robust framework has been established to 
ensure transparent management practices to maximize long-term value for 
stakeholders.  
To sum-up, we believe FY24 will be a good year with buoyant demand, improved 
revenue and profitability.  
Now, I request Mr. Arun Bajoria to talk about the performance of JK Tornel, 
Mexico.  
  
Arun K Bajoria:  
Thank you Anshuman ji. The performance of JK Tornel, Mexico continued to be 
healthy in terms of overall revenue and profitability in Q1FY24.  JK Tornel achieved 
turnover of Rs.683 crore as compared to Rs.671 crore in Q1FY23, up by 2% on y-
o-y basis, this has been achieved despite headwinds faced from American continent 
on account of lower freight rates & influx of tyres from Asian countries and 
appreciation of Mexican pesos, which is impacting exports.  
Operating profits (EBIDTA) stood at Rs.59 crore recorded an improvement by 40% 
over previous quarter.   
Economic outlook in Mexico is improving with higher than expected GDP, 
moderating inflation, low unemployment rate supporting private consumption and 
increased investment from companies relocating to the LATAM countries.  JK 
Tornel continued its efforts on new product developments with new potential 
customers such as Mahindra Tractors (USA), Polaris (USA), Speedmax (Brazil), 
LimaCaucho (Peru) for gaining higher volumes. Going forward, our strategy is to 
maximize the radial capacity utilisation to gain market share and plans are under 
consideration to expand capacities in the radial product category, especially towards 
higher rim sizes tyres.    
Continuous efforts are being made for achieving operational and cost efficiencies 
through fixed cost reduction, aggressive utilisation of Bias product capacities and 

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 5 of 19  
by way of digitalization & automation drives in various functions 
for overall productivity and profitability enhancement.       
  
Now, I request Mr. Aggarwal to brief about the financial performance of the quarter.  
  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Thank you, sir. Let me briefly explain the key highlights for Q1FY24. Consolidated 
sales were recorded at Rs.3,726 crore, viz-a-viz Rs.3,650 crore in Q1FY23, up 2% 
on y-o-y basis.   
 
Profitability at EBIDTA level in Q1FY24 was recorded at Rs.465 crore as against 
Rs.291 crore in Q1FY23, an increase of 60% on y-o-y basis. Operating profit 
margins were recorded at 12.5% on consolidated basis. Margins have expanded by 
450 bps over the corresponding quarter. Cash profit for the quarter was Rs.343 crore. 
Profit after tax (PAT) was Rs.159 crore, a multifold increase on y-o-y basis.  
All the plants are running at high capacity utilisation level of about 85%.  
Consolidated Exports stood at Rs.587 crore, up by 23% over the previous quarter. 
Subsidiary companies, namely, Cavendish Industries Ltd. and JK Tornel, Mexico 
continued to perform well and contributed significantly to the revenues and 
profitability on consolidated basis.  
Cavendish (CIL) posted a topline of Rs.963 crore, with EBIDTA stood at Rs.121 
crore registering a margin of 12.5%. Profit after tax stood at Rs.37 crore. Earnings 
per share (EPS) improved to Rs.5.93 per share as against Rs.1.51 per share in 
Q1FY23. ROCE and ROE have improved to double-digit level in Q1FY24.  
  
The Credit rating has been upgraded to A+ from single A by India Ratings and have 
also revised outlook to Stable from Negative. Upgrade in rating reflects strong 
improvement in credit metrics. Net debt stood at Rs.4,265 crore as on June 30, 2023, 
a reduction of Rs.252 crore over the previous quarter led by improved working 
capital levels and scheduled long term debt repayments in line with our plan.  
  
Leverage ratios improved further over March’23. Net debt to equity improved to 
1.16x in Q1FY24 as against 1.29x at end of March 2023 and Net debt to EBIDTA 
improved significantly to 2.83x in Q1FY24 as against 3.39x at end of March 2023. 
Overall interest cost reduced by 3% over previous quarter with efforts focused on 
reducing the interest cost inspite of high interest rate scenarios.   
  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 6 of 19  
The Balance Sheet of the company is healthy with improved 
financial ratios. We remain committed to deleverage our balance sheet through 
reduction in long term borrowings and efficient working capital management going 
forward.  
  
The already announced capacity expansion capex in TBR and PCR tyres are under 
implementation stage and progressing well and are expected to come on stream by 
Q3FY24 and Q4FY24 respectively.  
  
 
 
We have already circulated our Earnings Presentation, which is available on our 
website as well as on the stock exchanges websites. Now, we open the forum for 
Questions and Answer.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM capital. Please go ahead.  
Mitul Shah:  
Thank you for giving opportunity. My first question is on EV tyre. Our presence is 
in two-wheeler, four-wheeler both or what is current status in terms of market share 
or overall contribution of EV tyres in total volume.  
Anshuman Singhania: We have developed complete range of EV tyre in commercial, passenger, 2-3wheeler 
category. We are currently supplying EV tyres in the replacement market and also 
to the OEMs. EV market is growing and there is a definite push in the public 
transportation which is the bus segment wherein we are participating with the 
leading bus manufacturers namely JBM, Tata Motors, Olectra, Ashok Leyland and 
VECV.  
Mitul Shah:  
Anything on the passenger vehicle side.  
Anshuman Singhania: We have Ranger HPE brand in the EV and which caters to the SUV segment. At 
present, we are in talks with the PV OEMs and supplying the same in the 
replacement market.  
Mitul Shah:  
Any two-wheeler EV OEMs as our major customer   

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 7 of 19  
Anshuman Singhania: In 2-3-wheeler, we are supplying to 
multiple aggregators and OEMs to name a few  
which is Benling, CosBike, NEC power solutions etc. We are awaiting approval 
from Ather and Pure Electric and Ola Electric as well.  
Mitul Shah:  
Second question is on export, wherein in our revenues declined by 11% on a Y-oY 
basis for standalone business and for consolidate roughly 8% decline. So, can you 
give some more detail in terms of the decline coming across geographies or any 
particular geography where we have already started seeing some growth and few 
geographies only declining and related to that we have given a roughly 306 Crores 
on a standalone basis 587 Crores on a console basis so this difference of nearly 280 
Crores is it again from the Indian subsidiaries or it also include this Mexico thing 
and all others.  
 
 
Anshuman Singhania: Yes, consolidated export is stood at Rs.587 Crores in Q1FY24 which is higher by 
23% in over the previous. There is a lot of positive news which is coming from 
export market. We are seeing improved sentiments and customer confidence across 
business sentiments. High inventory levels in the in the exporting countries are 
coming down. With cooling-off of inflation in critical markets. We expect 
improvement in exports sales from H2 FY2024.  
Mitul Shah:  
This difference of 270, 280 Crores is between standard console. Is it Cavendish or 
is it a combination of Mexico Cavendish or can you give some breakup here and 
again can you give some geography wise some color on the export side.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
India operations export stood at Rs.384 crore whereas consolidated exports stood  
at Rs.587 crore. On Y-o-Y basis, North American markets have actually seen 
slowdown from Q3 of last year, but now we are seeing a steady recovery and we 
expect that going forward the North American market as Anshumanji was saying 
that with the inflation coming under control and with the revival of economy some 
stocks that had piled up are now getting liquidated. So, North American market 
should come back. The other markets of LATAM which includes Mexico, Brazil, 
Colombia and even the Middle East and the other Asian markets there our 
performance remains to be quite steady. We see that generally our consolidated  
 

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 8 of 19  
 
exports are somewhere around Rs. 650 Crores. So, we should see those levels 
coming back in the second half.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
To clarify your first point, the difference between the standalone and the 
consolidated number is on account of the exports from Tornel and Cavendish.  
Mitul Shah:  
Thank you very much for replying and really sir thanks for changing the investor 
presentation in terms of giving more detail with more transparency and one more 
request if you can provide more detail in terms of geography wise some color in 
presentation itself and also the financials of either Cavendish or Mexico you can put 
in that because every time this is the common question by analyst in terms of the 
financial for both the subsidiaries. Thanks a lot, and all the best.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Agarwal from Aequitas. 
Please go ahead.  
Shubham Agarwal:  
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. My first question is related to the EV segment  
again. Can you say what would be our market share currently across segment in EV 
Tyres.  
Anshuman Singhania: It is very difficult to say about the market share, but I would say that we are very 
committed to capture the growth in the EV segment and we are making efforts in 
terms of innovating products in across segments to increase EV participation.   
Shubham Agarwal:  
My second question is related to the other expenses this quarter. If we see our total 
other expenses compared to last quarter, there is a sharp jump of 1% of total other 
expense over turnover. So could you please explain what is the reason for such a 
sharp increase and if you are taking any cost optimization measures going forward.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
The increase in expenses was on account of higher power & fuel, logistics and sales 
promotion cost.   
Subham Agarwal:  
I understand that. But typically, we would expect that the cost increase in  
proportion to the turnover and overall, we have seen a scenario of cost going down  
whether in terms of packaging or transportation etc., across industry. Whereas we 
have increased our cost. Our cost has increased so that is why I wanted to understand 
where is the difference.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 9 of 19  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Kindly appreciate the fact that, this is primarily on account of power and fuel due to 
external factors as well. However, we are trying to control costs, reduce expenditure 
as much as possible. We have reduced interest cost despite rising interest rate 
scenario.  
Subham Agarwal:  
Could you also give some light on the current raw material scenario and how do  
we expect the rest of the year basis the current prices?  
Anshuman Singhania:  Raw material costs has reduced by 1% on a Q-on-Q basis and we are expecting a 
stable raw material price scenario for the FY2024. We are closely monitoring the 
movement in the raw material prices.  
Subham Agarwal:  
Lastly on the growth. How do we expect the overall growth for rest of the FY2024 
year?  
Anshuman Singhania:  On overall outlook, we are very optimistic on the automobile and tyre industry, 
which is largely led by the infrastructure push by the government and we are seeing 
that the CV market demand very strong. The farm market is also looking good on 
onset of monsoon. So, we are definitely hoping for good growth.  
Subham Agarwal:  
Lastly on the Capex side, so all the Capex are on track and what is the total 
investment that we are planning for the rest of the year?  
Anshuman Singhania: Yes, all the capex were on track. We have total capex plans of Rs.1100 crore in 
addition to that Rs.250 Crores as normal capex. So, these all are on ground and 
getting commissioned on their respective dates.  
Subham Agarwal:  
Thank you, Sir. That, is it from my side.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari from 
SkyRidge Wealth Management. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Maheshwari:Hi, thank you for taking my question. Just one question. China is the biggest tyre 
manufacturer with a good export market and the domestic demand of China is 
coming down as many reports are suggesting. So do you feel that the competitive 
intensity in the export markets are going to pick up significantly because there will 
be more supply in export markets now. So what sense are you getting from this 
trend?  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 10 of 19  
 
Anshuman Singhania: Right now, China is also getting a lot of internal consumption. Yes, there is export 
to the rest of the world from China and the competitiveness from China to India.  
But, there is a regulation in place for Chinese imports. So, all the Indian players 
including us are competing in different ways.  
Abhishek Maheshwari:So, you are not expecting this trend to put a lot of pricing pressure in the export 
market.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
Not really. See what happens that in certain markets, say the US market our truck 
and bus radial are generally performing better than the other products which are 
coming in from say China, Vietnam, Thailand. Our products are more in line with 
the Korean products. So therefore, there is a certain segment and the classification 
of tyres in that market and once the market demand over there picks up which is 
likely to pick up I think so people would start going for the value products rather 
than only looking at the price point.   
Abhishek Maheshwari:Thank you. My last question is you are saying that you have plan to premiumize 
your product portfolio. When you say premium is you mean more of EV tyres and 
usage of more sustainable materials. Something like that or maybe in terms of 
getting your tyre used in luxury cars like Audi, Mercedes.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
Actually, when we talk about premiumization whether it is in TBR or in PCR. In 
TBR also we have premium SKUs like the energy efficient, fuel efficient series, the 
extra mileage series which are demanding a premium in the market place, similarly 
in PCR when we go for the 16 inch and above, those tyres are definitely selling at 
better premium and the realization of margins are better. So, over the years we have 
made a conscious effort in increasing the overall volume in higher inch category. 
We are seeing that every quarter we are able to get at least a couple of percentage 
points up on these premium products. So, this overall enriches the  
entire product mix. We have launched the Levitas Ultra range of tyres which is in 
the luxury car segment that is also started selling in some numbers we are also going 
to have some more premium products that will be launched in the near future. So, 
all these are efforts towards our drive on premiumization.  
 

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 11 of 19  
 
Anshuman Singhania: Our introduction of Levitas in the Ultra Luxury segment has also added to the 
premiumization which is on the 17 inch and above and we will be continuously 
introducing more products in that category.  
Abhishek Maheshwari:Got it, Sir. Thank you very much for answering my questions. All the best.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Tushar, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Tushar:  
Hi, Sir. My first question is can you give total exports from India and export from 
Tornel separately like in the first quarter and fourth quarter previous year.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Overall exports stood at Rs.587 crore on consolidated basis. On standalone basis 
exports stood at Rs.306 crore. So, the balance is from Cavendish and Tornel. If, we 
have to divide between India and Mexico, India stood at Rs.384 Crores and the 
balance is from Tornel.  
Tushar:  
Rs.384 crore from India and balance from Tornel.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
That is correct.  
Tushar:  
My second question is on the demand side we have very good outlook over the 
demand. So, can we achieve 10% sales growth in this quarter and full year and 
because one report by Yes Securities dated 25th June quoted management that we 
aim to achieve 15% to 20% sales growth in this full year FY2024.   
Anuj Kathuria:  
If you look at the overall growth in the demand, it will pan out differently for the  
different segments. So, for the commercial vehicles, we expect somewhere around 
a double-digit growth because of the infrastructure push. When it comes to the 
passenger vehicle, we expect that it would be in a high single digit and that is what 
is the forecast as of now, but we for JK Tyres are working, our growth in passenger 
vehicles is better than the industry and we continue to experience that in the times 
to come. While the industry will grow at a high single digit, we should be able to 
grow at a slightly higher rate than that. When it comes to 2-3 wheelers, there the 
industry is expected to be more flattish as compared to the other segments. But, we 
are waiting for the rural economy to come back to see some good numbers coming 
in. So, we have to watch every segment closely. Farm as we know has not yet 

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 12 of 19  
recovered, but again with a good monsoon we are hoping that in 
the farm sector would have a smarter recovery that would happen, especially the 
second-half of the financial year.  
Tushar:  
Thank you so much. My next question is on the employee expenses side. As we can 
see that it has continuously grown up as percentage of sales. These are highest in 
the industry. So, do you think this will come down to normal levels in next two, 
three quarter.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
I can assure you that we have been working aggressively in this area and we will 
definitely try and reduce the expenditure in line with the industry. So, we are trying 
to work out on efficiencies improvement across all our plants and in manufacturing 
as well. So, tech enabled manufacturing is also underway, so we will improve upon 
it going forward.  
Tushar:  
Do you expect other expenses also to come down in coming quarters like previous 
range 14.5% to 15% of total sales.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
As I said earlier, we are working on it and we are trying to reduce expenses all across, 
which is a part of our efforts to reduce the overall cost.  
Tushar:  
My next question is on the raw material market side. How much raw material costs  
can go down for the incoming two quarter, your expectations?  
Anshuman Singhania: See the raw material prices had started to come down from third and fourth quarter 
of last year and Even, we saw reduction in quarter one as well. From here on it is 
going to be more range bound and should be stable. In our understanding, RM 
should be more stable in the next couple of quarters.  
Tushar:  
Just a last question, Sir. We are paying 36% tax and even our current tax is more 
than 30%. So, when do we plan to shift to new tax regime?  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Once we have consumed the MAT credit in JK Tyre, we will move into the new tax 
regime and will reduce our overall tax rate.  
Tushar:  
Thank you so much. That is all from my side.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Bhagnani from Living Root 
Capital. Please go ahead.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 13 of 19  
Bharat Bhagnani:  
I have a couple of questions primarily on the revenue front. You had reported sales 
growth of about 2% for this quarter, while we have seen the rest of the industry post 
better numbers. What is the reason for that?  
Anuj Kathuria:  
See one of the things that we need to notice is that, we are supplying to the OEM’s 
in the commercial vehicle segment in a big way, especially in the medium and heavy 
commercial vehicle because of the new emission norms, i.e., OBD2 norms. There 
was reduced demand coming from the OEMs, but this is expected to come back in 
a big way from September onwards. The reports that we are getting from the OEM’s, 
all the major M&HCV manufacturers is that the demand would be very good. 
Overall for the year they are expecting a double-digit growth. So, quarter one was 
actually very slow because of the new introduction of the emission norms. So that 
is one of the reasons why you saw the growth in our topline to be a little a bit muted, 
but in the passenger car if you see our numbers are much better than the industry 
growth.   
Bharat Bhagnani:  
So, like you mentioned to the previous participant that the commercial vehicle 
growth is in double digit and passenger expecting in high single digit or mid single 
digit. So overall what are you expecting in terms of growth this year in terms of 
revenue, when I mean revenue, I mean any kind of price increases that you will take 
on the volumes as well?  
Anuj Kathuria:  
We believe this year it will be more volume driven growth rather than price driven 
growth and definitely we would be targeting in the double-digit range.  
Bharat Bhagnani:  
Can you give me some color on the tertiary sales that are happening currently  
because these numbers obviously represent the primary you giving it to the 
distributors, and distributors selling it or giving it to the retailers and retailers selling 
it. I am talking about the replacement side of things. How are the tertiary going on 
at this point in time for you? We see demand coming from there.  
Anshuman Singhania: In terms of the replacement demand, it is looking very robust as there is a lot of high 
truck utilization and with the onset of monsoon and tapering down of inflation. Most 
of the regions, there is a robust pickup in the core sectors like cement, steel, mining. 
There is also a lot of inventories which were piled up with the trade dealers. They 
are also sort of coming down and cleared. So, we are seeing a robust demand coming 
in from the trade for sure.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 14 of 19  
Bharat Bhagnani:  
You had mentioned in the presentation that you currently at 85% utilization. So, this 
is with the existing capacity for the PCR that was enhanced about a month ago that 
you have announced. So, at that level you are at 85%.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
Yes, as we said that the capacity expansion programmes are ongoing. So as of now 
with our existing capacity, we are overall it is around 85% to 90%. But if you take 
PCR in specific in quarter one, it was near 90% - 95% and definitely we will be 
utilizing it even better. But as we speak, the new capacities are also getting set up. 
So, it will play out in a way that while the demand will be picking up, our capacities 
also will come in simultaneously and we would be able to utilize the capacities from 
practically day one.  
Bharat Bhagnani:  
My final question is, when you look at the entire subset of the tyre industry in  
India and the major players, are only four or five players who are there and JK Tyre 
being one of the largest. But we see a very big discrepancy when it comes to the 
margins quarter-on-quarter, if you notice in the last eight quarters or the last twelve 
quarters. The operating margin differential between some of the major companies. 
It should not be so much, so high. What do you think is the reason for that? Is it like 
they are selling more premium products? We are not selling more premium products 
because raw material availability to everybody is the same?  
Anshuman Singhania: Every company is playing out their own strategy. So here Anuj was also trying to 
say that in the commercial vehicle participation is very high. Then as export was 
also a bit muted because of the global recessionary scenario, However, we are 
constantly working on our efficiency parameters and cost control measures, which 
will add to the operating margins.  
Bharat Bhagnani:  
So, I am seeing that efficiency measures, actually, like you mentioned in your 
opening remarks that you are industry-leading in terms of all efficiency margins 
when it comes to water and power, etc. But my point is that if raw material 
availability to everyone is the same in terms of pricing, then definitely the quality 
of the revenue is what will make the difference when it comes to the margin, I mean, 
at what price we are able to sell it at? Unless discounting for that matter.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 15 of 19  
Anuj Kathuria:  
We have to also see the participation in the various segments. So, when we speak 
about premiumization that is the entire effort to see how we can sell more premium 
products and one thing which I just like to add to what Anshuman said is that 
regarding the CV participation. The recovery in the CV has come at a lag and from 
the next quarter we could see almost full recovery happening, but it took some time 
because of the way the CV business is structured, whereas more on the PV side it is 
more indexed the raw material prices are indexed whereas on CV side the indexation 
is not there.  
Bharat Bhagnani:  
Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
Yes, Sir, firstly clarification on the Capex part. So, this Rs.1100 crore is spread over 
two years, right, the growth Capex.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Firstly, debottlenecking capex Rs.300 crore has been already implemented and 
remaining Rs.800 crore is under implementation. Out of that some capex has happen 
last year on account of placement of orders and also giving some advances to the 
suppliers. So, the majority of the Capex outgo will be in this financial year. 
Therefore, Rs.800 crore is under implementation in this financial year and will be 
completed in this financial year and then of course some part of the expenses, 
payments will happen in next financial year.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
So, sir is it safe to assume that this on a cash flow perspective, we spent something 
like 600 this year and 200 next year.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Broadly, Rs.500 Crore will be this year and the balance will be in the next year.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
What is your operational capex and then the Opex that we do earlier.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Maintenance Capex will be Rs.250 crore for this financial year.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
And this is recurring in its rate. So, every year will spend something like 200 Crores, 
250 Cores each year.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Yes, your understanding is correct.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 16 of 19  
Shashank Kanodia:  
Understood. Since, you mentioned that large part of RM benefits is already priced 
in our margins. So, going forward in the near to medium-terms what kind of 
sustainable margin profile are we looking at?  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
So, we have discussed just now that there are efforts being made to improve upon 
margins and as Anuj ji just mentioned about the lag effect which is in there in the 
CV segment. So that will also be panning out in the coming quarters. I hope that 
there will be some improvement in margin going forward, but how much it will be, 
this is difficult to answer at this point.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
But sustainable range for us can be roughly this 10% - 15% range or can it be even 
better than that.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
We do not want to give any guidance on margin as of now, but good margins are 
sustainable in this industry as long as the stability of the raw material prices 
continue.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
Thirdly in the market place given the fact that all the tyre companies are making 
good amount of profits. So, have there be any price correction by any of the 
competitors, has there been in the OEM side, or on the replacement market side.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
Basically, on the OEM side as, I said, passenger vehicle is mostly indexed.  
Therefore, it will depend on how the raw material prices move. On the replacement 
side, it is a function of demand. So, if demand is robust and the overall volumes are 
there. So, we are not seeing any major pressure coming on the pricing, although it is 
again more region specific and applications specific. But overall, I see that it is 
maintained as of now.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
Lastly, if you can share what will be your debt reduction target for this year, next 
year?  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Debt reduction definitely is there on the cards with the efficient working capital 
management in the first quarter itself. We have reduced the overall debt by Rs. 252  
Crores. Presently, we are at Rs.4250 Crore of net debt in June’23. As far as long-
term debt is concerned we have a target to reduce the long-term debt by 25% till 
FY26, this is after considering the new debt which, we will be raising for the existing 
projects we are implementing. as of now. With the efficient working capital 
management overall debt will reduce.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 17 of 19  
Shashank Kanodia:  
And then last thing, if you can share the raw material basket numbers in terms of 
what was the procurement cost for natural rubber and carbon black in stock.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Raw material basket definitely has remained constant and there is a stability in terms 
of the raw material prices and there is not much of a difference. However, there is 
of course the high-priced inventory that has got liquidated which has resulted in 
good improvement in margins in the first quarter.  
Shashank Kanodia:  
Thank you so much and wish you all the best.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital.  
Please go ahead.  
Mitul Shah:  
Thank you for the follow up opportunity. Sir, I have few more questions. First one  
is on the price increase, any price increase we have taken in India or Mexico during 
the quarter, and is it towards the end of the quarter or beginning?  
Anshuman Singhania: We have taken from the corresponding quarter 5% in India and overall consolidated 
3%.  
Mitul Shah:  
This is you are talking last 12 months, right?  
Anshuman Singhania: Yes, this is on year on year basis.  
Mitul Shah:  
During the quarter anything taken.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
If you compare with the previous quarter, actually we have been able to sustain the 
pricing levels despite there has been a slight reduction in the raw material cost.  
Mitul Shah:  
Any geographies we required to rationalize like few of your competitors mentioned 
that we need to rationalize pricing also.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
That is always, you have to see the geography, the region and the segment that you 
place and it is a continuous exercise. So, this is nothing specific to mention on it.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 18 of 19  
Mitul Shah:  
Second question is on volume growth. We have given many numbers on the Q-oQ 
basis, if you can give Y-o-Y numbers for various segments, which we give in our 
all the components in terms of segment wise OEM replacement Y-o-Y performance 
on volume terms.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
The question was on Y-o-Y volume growth, right?  
Mitul Shah:  
Right.  
Anuj Kathuria:  
We have seen volume growth on Y-o-Y basis in the domestic market, the export 
market as you know was subdued as compared to the corresponding quarter. But we 
saw growth over the previous quarter. However, over the corresponding quarter as 
we mentioned, the recession had started setting in a little. So there we saw a drop in 
the volumes, but in domestic we witnessed growth.  
Mitul Shah:  
I am looking for numbers in terms of PCR, CV, TBR, two-wheeler, etc. The segment 
wise volume numbers which we share in the concall.  
Sanjeev Aggarwal:  
Mr. Shah, this information is quite confidential. We do not want to disclose this.  
Mitul Shah:  
Can you share utilization segment wise?  
Anuj Kathuria:  
On utilization broadly as we have said that both for the passenger radial and the 
truck and bus radial it was upwards of 90% and for the bias it was in the range of 
75% to 80%.  
Mitul Shah:  
Sir the last question on this green tyre in terms of pricing, how different or how  
           much increase compared to normal tyres for the same size and category and any  
sizeable or meaningful contribution is coming from this or this is very initial launch type?  
 
Anshuman Singhania:  Right now, our green tyre is still undergoing testing. It is not commercially launched. 
We are still yet to see the pricing, but definitely the pricing is going to be higher 
than the normal tyres.  
Mitul Shah:  
Okay, Sir. Thanks a lot. All the best.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would  
now like to hand the conference over to the management of JK Tyres for closing 
comments. Over to you.  

  
   
  
JK Tyre & Industries Limited  
August 07, 2023  
  
Page 19 of 19  
 
Anshuman Singhania: I once again thank you for joining us today for the Q1FY24 investors call and we 
hope we able to reply to your questions to your satisfaction. I on my behalf and on 
behalf of JK Tyre Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you.  
