  
 
August 16, 2023 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
Dept. DSC_CRD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001          
 
BSE Scrip Code: 506222 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block,          
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (‘E’) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: STYRENIX 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Investor / Analyst held on August 14, 
2023 
Ref:         Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated August 08, 2023 informing about the earnings call 
organized by the Company on August 14, 2023, please find attached Investor Call 
Transcript for your record purposes.  
 
The transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company and the same can be 
downloaded from following path: 
 
www.styrenix.com – Investors – Earnings Call – Call recordings & Transcripts 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
 
 
 
Abhijaat Sinha 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary  
ABHIJAAT 
A SINHA
Digitally signed by 
ABHIJAAT A SINHA 
Date: 2023.08.16 
17:56:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
Conference Call” 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL AGRAWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV MADAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHIJAAT SINHA – HEAD, LEGAL AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY – STYRENIX PERFORMANCE MATERIALS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Styrenix Performance Materials Limited 
Conference Call. We have with us today from the management of Styrenix Performance 
Materials Limited Mr. Rahul Agrawal, Managing Director; Mr. Sanjeev Madan, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Abhijaat Sinha, Head, Legal and Company Secretary. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note that this 
conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev Madan. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. 
Madan. 
Sanjeev Madan: 
Thank you. Dear shareholders, investors and analysts fraternity, we welcome you to this 
earning call. Your company Styrenix Performance Materials Limited has declared its results 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 on August 10, 2023. We will brief you about the major 
highlights of the performance for this quarter. 
The operational revenue for the quarter is INR543 crores, EBITDA is INR53 crores, and 
margin stands at 9.7%. The net profit before tax is INR43 crores, while the profit before tax 
margin is 7.9%. Our operational revenue and profit margins were impacted in this quarter due 
to fall in the prices of all the major raw materials by approximately 10% as compared to 
previous quarter, resulted in pricing margin impact. 
That's all about the clarification and details about this year's quarterly performance and 
financials. We can go now forward for the queries or any clarification which are needed. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Annual Research. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, in the quarterly presentation, you have given the volumes sold or the produce during the 
quarter. So is it possible to share how much was the volume in the ABS as well as the PS 
segment for this quarter, as well as the capacity utilization for each of the segments?  
Management: 
 
Hi, Nirav, is that all? 
Nirav Jimudia: 
I have a few more questions.  
Management: 
Please ask all your questions and then I can answer. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Along with -- if you can also share your outlook on the volumes because I think Q1, we have 
seen sales down for the entire industry, which could have impacted our volumes for ABS as 
well as PS, predominantly the PS side. But still, we managed to grow our volumes on a Q-on-
Q basis. So, does exports play a part here or was there any reason for the same? So this is 
another added question to this.  

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
And if you can also clarify the inventory losses for this quarter, because we have seen a sharp 
fall in the styrene prices? Along with it, if you can also let us know because I was just going 
through our earlier conference call transcripts where you mentioned in 1 of the remarks that we 
have 70% of our ABS volumes were specialized as well as in PS it is 40%. 
So when we say specialty, what categorizes or differentiates them as a specialty for the 
customers, as well as for us? Like how much extra margins we can make over -- above the 
normal grades of ABS and PS? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thanks for your question. You're right, in terms of quarter-on-quarter, we have seen an 
increase in volumes. So we are gaining more market share. In terms of capacity utilization, in 
terms of what has been the kind of maximum production rate or capacity utilized in the past, 
we are finding opportunities to debottleneck the same and we're able to produce more than has 
historically been the case with the company. 
The historical capacities, which have been in place have been close to 70,000 tons of 
polystyrene and 100,000 tons of ABS is what has been kind of stated in the past. However, 
what we have produced in the past as a maximum in these plants has been not more than 
45,000 to 50,000 tons of polystyrene and roughly about 75,000 tons of ABS. 
And when I say ABS, I mean ABS and SAN put together. So about 120,000 tons. As you can 
see in the last few quarters, we have produced and sold more than 40,000 tons. In fact, last 
quarter is the highest sales that we've achieved of more than 43,000 tons. 
So we believe that while the stated capacities would have allowed us to reach roughly you can 
say 170,000 tons, which would have been the nameplate capacities, we believe we can 
definitely get to that level very soon. The reason why the earlier management might not have 
been able to do it is because of certain debottlenecking projects, which were not done earlier, 
which we are doing currently. So this is going on. We believe that we are operating pretty 
much at the maximum capacity. However, additional output is still possible with minor 
improvements in the process as well as the plants, and that's what we're currently doing. 
With regards to -- you mentioned about AC sales being down for the styrene. You're right, I 
mean it's basically kind of a seasonal play, especially on the HIPS side, where you see larger 
demand from these appliance producers in the first quarter, which is January to March, and 
then you see some dip in the second quarter. 
And then you see some revival later on. But what happens is we are focusing on multiple areas 
other than just the CAAC market. And we have not seen a huge impact because overall, the 
market is still much larger than what we have been producing in the past. So we are finding 
applications in other areas effectively for both our ABS as well as polystyrene, and that's why 
the volumes are okay. 
Currently, we have not yet started exports. We are selling in India because from a total market 
opportunity perspective, we still believe that there is enough volume to grow in India. And we 
do believe that if you look at the case of ABS being the preferred product supplier, we would 
definitely have better margins here. So it will make sense for us to increase our sales. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
On polystyrene also, we are a small player or smaller player compared to our competitors. So 
we do believe there is enough room for us to grow because there are still imports happening to 
the every quarter. So we definitely have a market which we can capture from that perspective. 
Inventory losses have been there. As you rightly pointed out, styrene is one of the key raw 
materials for all our products. And even other than styrene, butadiene and acrylonitrile, we 
have seen kind of a reduction in prices, which have been quite significant in the quarter and 
that has led to inventory losses. 
So there is material, of course, which we would have in terms of our inventory. There would 
also be material, which would be at C should be at a certain price, after which we would have 
material at lower price. But we would have to take the hit on account of that entire inventory. 
And there will also be some impact on the inventory kind of a loss that we would have finished 
goods. So overall, yes, there is a significant impact, which we would have had across the board 
overall our inventories. 
With regards to breakup of specialty versus commodity, as I had mentioned earlier, out of our 
entire business, in ABS 70% would be specialty and in the case of PS to be 40%. Yes. So that 
continues to be the case. When we talk about margin in the specialty versus you can say, 
commoditized part of the business or natural business, it's hard to give you an exact number on 
what that margin would be because it does vary, but the margins could be anywhere from -- 
prices could be anywhere from a 10% higher to even 30% higher on the specialty grades vis-a-
vis commodity products that we sell in the market. 
Again, it will be a function of volumes. There will be products where we would be supplying 
in lower volumes, but the margins could be even higher than 30%. Similarly, in PS, we are 
moving more into the OEM segment, which is typically better in terms of realization. And as 
this -- as the plant for polystyrene has been producing lower volumes, we have had fewer 
OEM contracts in the past. But that is changing. And slowly, we are looking to increase that 
share as well. 
There again, the contribution, which should be coming from the OEM business or the specialty 
business of PS would again be similarly higher as would be the case of ABS. So yes, that's -- I 
hope that answers your questions. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Yes. Sir, just 2, 3 clarifies it possible to quantify the inventory losses for this quarter? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So we estimate the inventory losses to be around INR15 crores to INR18 crores between the 
raw materials and the finished goods. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Okay. And sir, you mentioned about the debottlenecking. So I think we have enough 
compounding facilities. But so far as grafting is concerned and SAN is concerned, I think there 
were some capacity that needs to be added to support our compounding. So has that exercise 
completed and with this can the volumes be higher? What's your take on that? 
Just wanted to understand that. Because we do and also the extra SAN which we manufacture 
in the market. So probably we might have SAN, but we don't have that grafting rubber. And 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
because of this we may be selling those extra SAN in the market and the compounding 
facilities are not utilized fully. So if you can just share your views? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So with regards to the rubber, you are well informed. So with regards to grafting rubber, 
historically, that has been the bottleneck. But in fact, every month, we are able to get higher 
volumes. And it's an ongoing exercise. It's not a project, but a series of projects which are 
underway to not only look at higher capacities, but improve efficiencies, improve even the 
quality to some extent, which can give better efficiency of the rubber used to make more ABS. 
So that's going on. With regards to SAN, we don't have any bottleneck. In fact, we have 
sufficient capacity to meet our targets as far as the compounding is already existent as you 
know. So for rubber, again, we do believe that within the course of this financial year, we 
would be able to achieve what is needed to at least meet that capacity, which is already 
indicated in terms of compounding. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So then probably, we will see some uptick in our ABS volumes also accordingly? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We are already seeing that. Like I mentioned, we did about 43,000 tons last quarter. And if you 
look year-on-year basis, I think that increase is quite significant, almost 20% higher. We have 
had 20% to 25% higher. In fact, last year, we might have even imported some rubber. And to 
that extent, here, of course, that policy also we have changed. And we are able to produce far 
more volume using our own products. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir just a last question before I join back. So what was our total sales volume in FY '23, if you 
can share? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So it was -- one second, I have the number. I’ll give you an exact one. Yes, 150,000 tons is 
what we sold last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashwin Agarwal from Akash Ganga Investment. 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
I have a few questions. First one is in financial '23, the Specialty segment, our revenue share in 
specialty segment is 67%, and polystyrene segment was 33%. So what could be the expected 
revenue mix going forward and overall guidance on EBIT margins? 
And second question is, what is the trend in raw material prices? And what is the effects on the 
spreads? And my last question is we understand that the entire promoter holding of 62% is 
pledged. So the pledge was created for acquiring the company from erstwhile promoters. So 
what is the plan to reduce the pledge? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So Ashwin, with regards to the spread between ABS and polystyrene, which is we mentioned 
67 and 33, so typically, we estimate it at 70-30 and of course, 2, 3 percentage could be plus or 
minus. We anticipate that to be kind of similar going forward into this whole year. And we do 
believe that the volumes will remain split to that extent and within a margin of, again, 4% to 
5% here and there. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
As we already pointed out, we did see some reduction in EBITDA margins in last quarter, 
primarily on account of inventory stocks that we sustained. We believe that those shops have 
kind of been dealt with, to some extent or to a large extent. There might be some residual 
effect but not significant in this quarter. 
We believe that if we eliminate that, then the EBITDA margin, we'll go back to a more 
normalized EBITDA margin, which I have mentioned in my previous calls as well, which 
should take care of that. 
As far as raw material pricing is concerned, raw material pricing did bottom out and again, did 
go up a little bit. But of course, it's still lower than kind of the highs that it had reached in the 
past. So we do see some upward movement in raw materials. But again, very difficult to 
predict how raw materials will behave in the events of kind of a volatile global scenario, given 
the war and given China's own demand-supply scenario. But having said that, we do believe 
that we will see more stability slightly more stability compared to, say, this specifically this 
past quarter. 
As far as the pledge is concerned, as I have mentioned in the past, of course, as far as the 
pledge is concerned to the balance sheet to the two Styrenix Performance Materials, it is at a 
promoter level and doesn't that impact the company in any way. The promoters have sufficient 
resources to take care of that. And as per the strategy that we have in place, we will be taking 
care of it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from IDBI Capital. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sir, in terms of debottlenecking volumes, how much of volumes can go on the -- one that we 
have mentioned in the presentation. Second, sir, on dividends. So what in last two years, you 
have seen a high dividend being paid from your company. What is it that is likely going 
forward? Just these two questions. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. With regards to volume, Bhavesh, like we mentioned that the nameplate capacity on 
compounding is about 1,00,000 tons on ABS and about 700-odd tons on Polyester. We do 
believe that with whatever debottlenecking is going on, we should come very close to those 
numbers has even exceeded. So that, again, there is some -- there is a little lack of clarity on 
exactly what that number will be where it will be close to those numbers. So I think that is 
achievable in the near future. 
With regards to dividend policy, I think the dividend policy is a function of what the 
organizational resources needs are and how those resources are best utilized. So if we believe 
that we do not need those resources for the organizational expansion, debottlenecking or 
whichever plan, then we do believe that in that event, the money may well be given back to 
shareholders and rewarded back to them. 
So as and when we believe that those resources are required for the next step of expansion and 
growth of the company. We shall utilize those resources, and we shall have that policy in 
place. So there is no fixed plan in place to have dividends. It will be whatever is the most 
beneficial for the company as a whole, its plan. And of course, the shareholders. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, if I may ask one more question. So this inventory loss are done or there will 
be some more impact in Q2? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So majority of the inventory losses have been taken care of. We believe if there are, it will not 
be significant. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay. And sir, this inventory happen only because of sharp fluctuation or it can happen on 
whenever the price fall from beginning to end of the quarter. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think -- so there are multiple aspects in play. Of course, if there is an overall supply/demand 
scenario in which there is, of course, continued pressure on your finished good pricing. The 
losses get exacerbated. Otherwise, we are able to better handle it. So I think, of course, each 
time your raw materials fall significantly and you are holding inventory of higher stock if 
you're not able to push through your existing stock and the prices are very elastic, which is the 
case for a lot of products that can happen. 
But we also believe that as we move more into specialty segments, we move more into 
products where the impact is not so sudden, we would be able to better handle the shocks of 
inventory is going forward. So that will take a little bit of time, but over a period of time, that 
will help us. It cannot be always 100% in our control, however, I must add, because there will 
be global supply chain kind of dynamics at play, which would impact our ability to handle 
that. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
I just want to know, sir, if I heard correctly, sir, you are planning to reach to 1,70,000 capacity. 
And but last year, we did around 150. So do we -- are we having any capex plan going forward 
so that we can -- because as we see our capacities have been getting utilized to the max, that's 
number one? 
And sir, what kind of EBITDA margin going forward can we assume because if -- the move 
our inventory losses that could be around 12%. So as we move a bit more into specialty, what 
kind of a broad range EBITDA margin can we think of? And what kind of realization loss that 
we would have had in this quarter like our achievable -- I just wanted to ask about our 
capacities. 
So we are maybe planning to expand debottleneck and that might add around 20,000 more 
capacity. But do we have any other major capex plans that our capacity increasing further 
because you are at the max as well as our broad EBITDA guidance because they're moving 
more into specialty, how would that impact our EBITDA? 
Management: 
Is that all Darshil? 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yeah, that’s all. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. So, Darshil, with regards to your questions on volumes, as I already mentioned that we 
are looking to first try and target and meet the capacities which have been laid out for the 
plant. That is the first step. But the idea definitely is to go above and beyond that. We believe 
that with debottlenecking, the number can be higher. How much higher is a question which 
currently, we are not 100% sure, but we do believe that the volumes will be higher to support a 
healthy growth rate for next year as well. 
So I do believe that with very minor capex or very minor or with additional debottlenecking, 
the volumes can be higher than 1,70,000 tons. And this whole process, I think, in the next 
couple of quarters will be clearer to us as and when we require to do kind of more significant 
or larger capex in place. The idea is that we continue to grow at a healthy pace, which we did 
last year as opposed to the year prior to that. And so will we do so in this year and even for 
next year. So whatever debottlenecking we are doing will add not only 20,000, but I do believe 
more. 
With regards to EBITDA margins, as you rightly said, if we had corrected for the inventory, it 
was around 12% mark. Now the margins, of course, may be a little volatile and again, hard to 
predict. But the target would be, say, to reach closer to 15%, which I think is possible with the 
right product mix. 
So when we would be able to achieve that on a sustainable basis will depend on our ability to 
do all many things such as ensuring that we are efficiently getting the maximum output from 
our plants to add all the new products, which we are currently developing and are on the verge 
of commercializing or have already commercialized, and adding more of those products to the 
mix. So I do believe in the short to medium term, that kind of EBITDA margin is what we 
would target. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
And sir, if I may, sir, with regards to our growth, sir can we expect a double-digit revenue 
growth could be around 10% to 15%? Would that be fair to assume? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So if you look at the volumes that we did year-on-year last year also, even though, we were 
effectively the management for only a month or 4.5 months, we did see a growth of close to 
15% to 20% year-on-year. And we don't believe that it would be the target of this company to 
do more than 10% growth for sure. So industry standard or the total market overall for ABS is 
growing between, say, 7% to 9%. And for polystyrene, it's growing at 6% to 8%. I do believe 
that we can definitely grow higher than that. And that would be the target for us as well. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
And Sir, my last question. Sir, what would be the realization like, per ton realization loss that 
we might have had in this quarter due to the prices reducing. And are they finish good stable 
now? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So the prices are quite volatile. The prices are in sync with raw material generally. So it's 
difficult to give you per ton cost. But I think, you would be able understand, where the 
EBITDA margins have gone, say, from previous quarter to this quarter. So I think, 2% to 3% is 
what that would be and that can we -- then calculated to what impact that would have had. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, I wanted to understand what kind of capex one would have incurred if a similar capacity of 
let say, 1,70,000 ton was put up today? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Okay. Go ahead, Pritesh, you want to ask other questions as well, so I can answer all of them 
in order. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yeah. And usually, what kind of ROIC is possible on such a capacity or if business man puts 
up this capex, what kind of ROIC one would look at? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, so Pritesh. We have not done any exercise to understand what would be the capex for say, 
100,000 tons ABS or 70,000 tons polyester in plant. I do believe that there's a similar exercise 
had been carried out by the company earlier, but the cost were prohibited. So we are not sure if 
such a scale plant is any more viable, frankly. So it might that one needs to put up a much 
larger plant to get a minimum economic size plan up and running. 
This was the though process of when the exercise was done prior to us taking over 
management control. We still need to do our fresh exercise to understand the numbers because 
we may have a very different way of looking at what the capex should be. We do believe that 
given the Indian market opportunity, and given our own kind of plant setup that we have, that 
we can still incrementally grow within the same basic pre-existing infrastructure to add 
capacities without having to build a brand-new 1 lakh tons or 2 lakh tons or 4 lakh tons plant. 
So as a business case, maybe we may be able to do it more cost effectively given the 
infrastructure that we have. 
On ROIC, I am not sure, what it would be, because if we don't know the exact capex amount, 
which will go, it would be difficult to calculate the ROIC on such a plant. We know that the 
earlier management, as you are aware of, the 600,000 tons plant in China. And I'm assuming 
that would have been a more economically viable plant giving the ROIC hurdles, which they 
were looking for. It's just that our way of calculating what the capex would be and what the 
ROIC in turn eventually would be -- might be very different. So that exercise is ongoing right 
now at our end. But I don't have exact numbers to share with you, unfortunately. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And this plant via debottlenecking to whatever understanding that you have can help 
you grow at this 8%, 10% volume growth for the next three years, four years. That kind of 
debottlenecking is possible or that's a too optimistic and all? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, I think it is possible, at least for the next two years to three years. Beyond that, I think we 
have to see what can be done. But if you look at all our core locations that we have, we 
definitely can grow in one or the other locations to make up a shortfall that we may have in an 
infrastructure in a specific location. So I think overall, the company can still target to grow at 
that level. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And on my first question, since you mentioned that these plants are too small. So whatever is 
the economic size of the plant these days, 50 lakh tons of 5 lakh tons or 6 lakh tons, whatever 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
will be that number. Then what is the per ton capex cost at whatever that economically viable 
plant? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So I think the 600,000 tons plant was set up at what cost in China, do we have that number? 
Okay, I think Google it, you will probably find it. But, again it will be heisting I guess, which I 
would not like to do on such a call, if you may appreciate that. But you may be able to find that 
data online. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So now the economically viable plant are these large front, 5 lakh, 6 lakh, straight? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
This was the understanding of the previous management from what I can tell. Again, we are 
speculating a little bit. But I do believe that we can potentially even set up a 1 lakh ton 
economically viably, but that study is ongoing at our end. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, this four sites that we have, we make ABS and PS at which of these site 
there? Because one, we have rubber intermediate moxie compounding. So all the 
compounding is done at one place, that's how it is? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So sir, we have basically four sites, out of which three sites are towards the ABS and you can 
say, compounding facilities. Nandesari, where we make the rubber HRG, Katol is where we 
make the SAN and Moxi is where we do the compounding, where we not only do ABS, but 
now we are doing several blends as well. So certain more value-added products other than 
ABS. And Dahej is where was the polystyrene, which is HIPS and GPPS. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So basically, you make ABS at Katol and Moxi? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yeah, between Nandesari, Katol and Moxi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, just wanted to understand your perspective on the specialty side of our business. So when 
we say that the import happening in India for the ABS as well as polystyrene are like -- 
because we have our capacity, but we require more than our capacity. So if we look at these 
imports coming to India and see our volume breakup, where does the competition lie? 
So do those volumes come in the specialty side of the business or our specialty volumes are so 
much custom made for the customer that those competitions are not able to touch those side of 
the volumes? So if you can just explain us in terms of RH vis-a-vis those imported volumes 
coming to India. Because at some point of time, we see China having a lot of overcapacities, 
they start dumping to India and probably some is get compromised. So what portion of our 
business gets immune even if there is imports coming from China, if you can help us explain 
that part? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sure, Nirav. So if you look at, again, ABS and polystyrene being different businesses. If you 
look at ABS side, you mentioned that 70% of our business goes into kind of specialty or 
customized products and 30% is more of the natural product on the, you can say, standard 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
products. When it comes to imports, those ratios are largely flipped. So you would see, 70% to 
80% of product coming into the natural or commoditized product and about 20% to 30% going 
into the specialized grades. 
So I think generally in the specialized or the customized product segment, there is a hesitation 
for customers in India to switch to an import. However, we can't do 100% specialty, to answer 
that question. Because there will be always customers who require a mix of both. And hence, 
there is some portfolio of the standard grade, also that we supply into the market. 
But going forward, obviously, the specialized or the customized products, if we have enough 
capacity to offer good prefer to buy from us. And those volumes, which would be largely 
defendable in the pace of imports coming from different countries. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. So this 10% to 30% range what you gave us in terms of the specialty commanding 
higher realizations than the normal grade that we can command at any point of time, 
depending upon the prices of the normal grade ABS coming to India? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Correct, that is correct. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, second question is on the power cost. Last year, our power cost was close to INR93 crores. 
So is there a further scope of reduction here? Because you mentioned that, some of the 
initiatives in terms of cost also we are looking at. So is it possible to reduce cost of production, 
even with the increased volumes, which can help us to improve our per kg margins? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, it's a good question here. So the INR93 crores, of course, is a combination of power and 
fuel. The fuel cost was high because again, natural gas prices were much higher last year, and 
they have tapered down a little bit. As far as our cost is concerned, as we are producing more, 
while power is a variable component, there is obviously a fixed quality about it, where if we 
produce more on, the same extruder, our per ton costs have come down. In fact, you would see 
that also on quarter-on-quarter, there would be improvement in that front. Going forward, we 
would see further improvements as well, and there are projects ongoing in fact, to reduce that 
significantly in the future. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So sir, like in between the quarters, how our natural gas prices have fallen. So the cost for us 
have fallen because we believe that, that is on a lag effect to us. So how much that have fallen 
for us in between the quarters? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So around 10% to 15%, they have come down on fuel again. Power costs would be stable on a 
per unit cost, frankly. In fact, there might be some small increases, but again, not significant. 
And there, the reduction would be maybe 2%, 3% in terms of having higher throughput. But 
again, that would -- that -- as we go along, we believe that will also come down further. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it. And sir, just a follow-up in terms of our polystyrene, when we see the announcements 
of the global player of setting up the plants here in India, be it let's say Hitachi or other global 
players putting up their plants here in India. So we added 70,000 tons of capacity. Once we 
exhaust that like ABS, does that capacity also has a scope for debottlenecking, where we can 
without some more volumes because the imports are coming to India and this companies, who 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
are setting up plants here in India being an OE, we can tap them and increase our volumes. So 
if you can share your views? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, absolutely. It's very relevant, and we are cognizant of the fact that India with panel work 
realized teams would see a lot of capacity expansion, not just by Hitachi, but by several OEMs 
who are either already present or are setting up a brand-new kind of facilities in India. And 
since we are dealing with most of these companies at some level, we do believe that there is an 
opportunity for us to grow. In terms of debottlenecking possibilities again, we do believe that 
going from earlier 45,000 tons to 70,000 tons, what we are looking to grow the business to 
itself is about a 30% to 40% increase. And we do believe that even beyond 70,000, at least the 
location that we have in the edge, there is ample infrastructure and scope to increase those 
volumes even further. 
Now whether that would come by way of a fresh Greenfield, Brownfield or debottlenecking 
project is something that we are working on currently because we do believe that we can still, 
so to speak, when the asset more and even produce more volumes than what is an inbuilt 
capacity. But that is something that we cannot really commit to today. But yes, that would be 
the first priority because that can be done at lower cost to the company. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Thank you so much, sir, and wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Shah from Dalal & Broacha. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Sir, India as a market for both our products, are we still a 
net importer market. So let's assume, we reach to like 2,25,000 or 2,50,000 production for both 
the products combined in the next couple of years, will India still be a net importing market. 
And the second question is on the spreads, sir. Are you kind of sharing, what will be the per 
ton EBITDA or maybe per ton gross profit for both the products? Yes, that’s it from side. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So Chirag, with regards to ABS and polystyrene, the ABS market has a published sources as of 
last year. It was about 2,70,000 tons. We do believe that market is growing at 7% to 9% 
depending on which estimate you believe. So ABS say goes 1,00,000 tons or a little bit more, 
will be sufficient room in the market to grow further. Even if you consider the installed 
capacity of the competitors or the other existing players in the market as we understand them.  
On polystyrene, again, kind of 3,00,000 tons of a market, where 10,000 to 12,000 tons, again, 
is still being imported every 12,000 to 15,000 tons still is being improved every quarter. So 
even if we grow 70,000 and beyond, again, that is still currently growing 6% to 8%. So there'll 
still be room for us to grow even beyond the numbers that we have shared with you. And the 
idea for us very much is to grow beyond the numbers that we have told you because we do see 
a very strong and robust future for all the product segments that we cater to within the Indian 
market. 
As far as spreads are concerned, we have done away with the earlier reporting of different 
segments. We do believe that categorizing the segments that the earlier management was not 
appropriate. And we are not reporting on segment wise. We are giving broad ideas about 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
volumes that we are doing. But we do believe that within polystyrene when you call something 
a specialty and something and not a specialty, it obviously implies something which we do not 
wish to imply because we believe that even in polystyrene, there is a lot of value addition, 
which is possible. and that's what we are working towards. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, just wanted to ask, are you open to meet like analysts or investors like individually if 
somebody comes on to Baroda or Ahmedabad? Baroda rather. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Absolutely, Chirag, we are open to that. You can reach out to our company Secretary, Mr 
Sinha and insure your interest, and we are more than happy to meet with you and have a 
further discussion. 
Chirag Shah: 
Thank you. That’s it from side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Jain from MB Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Good evening, sir. I have this following question. One is out of the total demand of both ABS 
and polystyrene, we have -- what is the demand of this specialized grade that you're 
mentioning? So what is the percentage of that demand in the country? So that is my first 
question. Second is, is it -- are we willing to supply this ABS to EV manufacturers also or not? 
Third, for any Greenfield expansion to be done, what could be the asset turnover that can be 
expected in this type of business? And lastly, are we looking for any export opportunities? 
Thank you. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I got three of your questions, Mr. Rajesh. So maybe if I forget, you can remind me. So with 
regards to demand of the specialized ABS in the country, we do believe about roughly about 
60% of the market in India is for specialized or between 60% to 70% is going to be for 
specialized or customized products. And we believe that if you consider the market about 2,70 
lakh to 3 lakh tons, we can do the math, what that would be. And we also believe the market is 
growing at 7% to 9%. So we will see at least in the medium to short or medium-term future, 
that kind of a product mix. However, we are also pursuing blends. 
So we are doing other products or more value-added products, just not just the specifically 
customer ABS, but ABS along with other polymers creating alloy, which would also be 
required already by Pre-existing or new customers which can also add more value because we 
have a good understanding and very good R&D infrastructure, which allows us to do testing of 
such alloys and their success that we would be able to find by doing characterization and 
studies in their final application, which can be done at our lab. 
With regards to asset turnover of new plants, of course, it will depend on what will be the 
economic size plant and what will be the per ton cost. But broadly speaking, from what we 
understand globally, the asset turnover for ABS or polystyrene for ABS plant specifically 
would be 1:2 or 1:2.5. It could be anywhere from -- actually 1.5 or 1.75 to 2.5, depending on 
which technology, which product you do. But we have to do our own analysis of the same. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
As I already mentioned in one of the earlier questions that we are understanding, if we do set 
up a newer kind of a Greenfield or Brownfield project, what would be the capex associated 
with adding that capacity. That would give us a good idea of what the asset term would be. 
In terms of export opportunities, again, we do believe having taken over management in the 
last eight months or so, that there is a very strong brand positioning that our company has in 
India. We are not currently being able to service the entire Indian demand. So our first priority 
would be to do that. We also see the growth in India is higher than most of the other 
opportunities, we see internationally. 
And I do believe that, we would have higher realizations in India as well. So our focus would 
be here. But with time, as the capacities grow and the volumes grow, export is something 
definitely that we would consider as well. 
Chirag Shah: 
What you missed out was supply to EV manufacturers? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Oh, yes. That's a good question. As far as EV manufacturers are concerned, we are, in fact, the 
number 1 supplier in that segment. All the EV producers out of, you can say, the top 10 or 15 
EV manufacturers in the country, I would say, for at least 90% of the EVs, we have 70% 
market share or higher. So that's the segment which actually on account of our historically 
proven products in the IC segment or the internal combustion engine segments. We have been 
able to establish a very strong market dominant position in the EV segment as well, which is 
also growing well. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, if I'm allowed 2 more follow-up questions. One is regarding the specialized grade, 
whatever the nameplate capacity that we have. The question is, can we make 100% of that as 
well specialized grade only. So that is my first question. Second was, now in the case of ABS, 
we currently will be 2 players that we have. They have a capacity of around 1,50,000 or 
1,75,000. Now the other competitor is also coming up with a capacity of 70,000 and expected 
to put up additional 70,000 in the Phase 2 expansion. So once that is done, more or less, it 
looks like the 3 major players would be taking care of the domestic requirement. In such a 
scenario, would you be looking for any other new segment or products to diversify. That's all 
from my side. Yes. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So if we want to, of course, we can produce any products that we want in our plant. It's 
customized solutions that we offer to our products at our customers. But the reason why we 
still have split of producing customized or specialized products, vis-a-vis the standard product, 
is because the customers do require a certain percentage of standard products as well. 
 
So we do participate in both the markets to some degree. -- possible that we may increase our 
share of specialized market, vis-a-vis the standard product. And -- but it will all depend on 
market dynamics, how they move. But yes, if you look at kind of the overall capacity is 
coming into the market and even with our own expansion plan, while it would seem that there 
is not enough room for ABS, but I do believe that with -- by the time we grow to the levels that 
we want to by debottlenecking, by the time the third competitor, as we mentioned, would come 
into the market. 

Styrenix Performance Materials Limited  
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
The market is going to continuously grow at 7% to 10% -- so that additional volume 
requirement is going to keep happening. So I believe the market is still going to allow for 
further expansion at our end. Any case, we are, like I already mentioned in another question, 
looking at adding blend or adding new products to our portfolio to reduce -- or rather to 
increase our exposure in other segments to the same set of customers where we can have a 
broader product offering. So that effort is already ongoing. And in a sense, that would reduce 
our dependence on specific products for sure. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. Sir, just a follow-up. ABS, the specialized grades are mainly using the household plus 
the automotive industry, you mentioned that you're also trying out ABS with some polymers 
and all. Where there used those products are being used with? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So automotive, household, consumer durables, medical devices, engineering applications. 
There are many areas where the products should be going -- of course, EVs things like that as 
well and even the charging systems and all of that for that as well would be using it. The blend, 
again, would be primarily in the same areas where we are already supplying. So currently, we 
are being satisfied by way of imports or other players. And we believe that if we have a good 
product to offer, then we would be the natural preferred choice, given that we are already 
supplying to our existing customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Abhijaat Sinha for closing comments. 
Abhijaat Sinha: 
So good evening, everybody. On behalf of Styrenix Performance Materials Limited, I would 
like to thank you for showing your interest in the company and for joining this call today. We 
look forward to seeing you at our next call, which will be scheduled some time in November. 
Thank you, and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Styrenix Performance Materials Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
