 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TO ALL STOCK EXCHANGES 
 
BSE LIMITED 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Meeting of  
         Board of directors on July 20, 2023 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the press conference and earnings call conducted after the Board 
meeting held on July 20, 2023, for your information and records. 
 
This 
information 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2023-2024/q1.html. 
 
The audio/video recordings of the press conference and earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/quarterly-results/2023-
2024/q1.html.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Infosys Limited 
 
 
 
Manikantha A.G.S. 
Company Secretary  
SURYANARAYANA ANUR 
GURUGOPALA RAJU MANIKANTHA
Digitally signed by SURYANARAYANA 
ANUR GURUGOPALA RAJU MANIKANTHA 
Date: 2023.07.25 14:58:10 +05'30'

 
 
   
 
Infosys Limited 
Q1FY24 Media Conference Call 
July 20, 2023 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:   
   
Salil Parekh  
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  
  
Nilanjan Roy  
Chief Financial Officer  
  
Rishi Basu (Emcee) 
Corporate Communications 
   
JOURNALISTS  
   
Ritu Singh  
CNBC TV18 
 
Haripriya Sureban 
The Hindu BusinessLine 
 
Shilpa Phadnis 
The Times of India 
 
Chandra Ranganathan and Haripriya Suresh 
Moneycontrol 
 
Sai Ishwarbharath 
The Economic Times 
 
Ayushman Baruah 
Business Standard 
 
Uma Kannan  
The New Indian Express 
 
Sameer Ranjan Bakshi  
Financial Express 
 
Varun Vyas  
Reuters 
 
Shraddha Goled 
Mint 
 
Reshab Shaw 
Informist 
 
 
 
1

Rishi Basu 
On behalf of Infosys, I would like to welcome all of you. We request one question, or let us say, restricted 
number of questions from each media house to accommodate everyone over the next hour. And with that, let 
me invite our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Salil Parekh, for his opening remarks. Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Rishi and good evening, good afternoon, welcome to everyone that is here. It is always wonderful to 
have all of you here with us on the campus. I am sure you have seen there are a lot more people on the 
campus as well, and we are also benefiting from that. 
We have had a very strong Q1. Our Q1 growth was solid at 4.2% year-on-year, 1% Q-on-Q in constant 
currency. We had 20% growth in manufacturing, 13% in life sciences. Our European business grew by 10%. 
Our operating margin for the quarter was strong at 20.8%. 
Our large deals value for Q1 was at $2.3 bn - 56% of this was net new. This included one mega deal win. We 
also announced a mega deal with a value of $2 bn after the close of Q1, but before our results. With strong 
large deal and mega deal wins, we are building well for the future. 
We are delighted that Topaz, our Generative AI platform is resonating well with our clients. We are working on 
80 Generative AI projects for our clients at this time. The work we are doing, covers large language models for 
software development, for text, document, voice, and video. 
Internally, we have developed Generative AI tools based on open-source model of Generative AI platforms 
that are focused on software development. We have trained 40,000 employees in this area, and we see 
Generative AI and Topaz being transformational for all of our clients. 
In the short term, we see some clients stopping or slowing down transformation programs and discretionary 
work. This is especially so in financial services, in mortgages, asset management, investment banking, 
payments, and in telecom. We also see some impact in hi-tech industry and in parts of retail. 
Even as we have won two mega deals recently, we have a strong pipeline of large and mega deals. We see 
revenue from some of these and other large deals towards the later part of our financial year. Keeping that in 
mind, we are changing our revenue growth guidance for this financial year to growth of between 1% to 3.5% 
in constant currency. 
We have launched a broad comprehensive margin expansion program. The program will work across five 
areas: pyramid efficiency, automation, improvements in critical portfolios, reducing indirect costs, and 
communicating and deriving value across our portfolio. 
We have an ambition to improve our operating margins in the future periods. Our operating margin guidance 
for this financial year remains unchanged at between 20% and 22%. 
With that, let us open it up for questions. Rishi. 
2

 
 
   
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Salil. We will now open the floor for questions. Joining Salil is Mr. Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial 
Officer, Infosys. With that, we have the first question from Ritu Singh from CNBC TV18. 
Ritu Singh 
Hi.. The first question, of course, is on your guidance cut. It was a steady quarter for Infosys, whether it is the 
constant currency growth, the mega deals that you have announced, couple in the quarter and after the quarter 
close. And your TCV is also higher than the previous quarter. What has so drastically changed in the last three 
months for you to cut your guidance from 4% - 7% to 1% - 3.5%, and given that top-line you are expecting 
lower now for the year, how are you confident of maintaining margins at 20% to 22% for the year? That is the 
first question. 
And also, you know, your commentary from clients in terms of when you see, revival in your discretionary 
spends from whether it is BFSI, retail, hitech all these areas of concern that you have outlined. And your net 
employee reductions for the last couple of quarters, that has also been coming down. So, we wanted to 
understand what your hiring plans are? We understand you have already deferred pay hikes for some of the 
employees, if you could give us a sense on that? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first point, on the revenue growth guidance, we have, as you rightly pointed out, had a good Q1. We 
have had good large and mega deals. We have also seen some of these deals, the signings and the start 
dates being delayed. With that, we see a lot of that revenue from that sort of large and mega deals towards 
the later part of the financial year. And through the quarter, we have seen volumes in some of our clients, in 
the industries that I shared, were impacted where they were reducing transformational projects or slowing 
down decision making. So, when we combined those two and we looked out for the full year, we saw that sort 
of a range in terms of the growth guidance and decided that we should change our growth guidance. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. We will try to come back to you. 
Ritu Singh 
That did not answer my question.  
Salil Parekh 
On the margin, we have an extremely strong discipline for our operating margin. We have put in place this 
expanded margin program that I was referring to. There are five elements of that program, each of them being 
driven to make sure we have efficiency. You have also seen utilization in Q1 go up, and we will continue to 
see that with all the focus we are putting into productivity. We are also looking at reducing, within those five 
3

 
 
   
elements, indirect spends, and cuts of that nature. So, we feel comfortable with our operating margin guidance. 
And our operating margin for Q1 at 20.8% was more towards the middle part of that range. 
Ritu Singh 
We have seen a reduction in the headcount for the last couple of quarters, keeping that in mind, what are your 
hiring plans for the year?  
Salil Parekh 
So, we still have a target for recruiting for the year, but we will see how that plays out with respect to, what are 
the changes in terms of the demand environment and what we do in terms of the attrition numbers that we are 
seeing. The attrition that we saw in the quarter was stable versus last quarter. Our trailing last 12-month attrition 
is down to around 17%. So, we see that driving some of the decisions on the recruitments. 
Ritu Singh 
What did you say, your target for hiring for the year was? 
Salil Parekh 
We have not given that target. We said, we will look at that based on what that demand environment looks like 
and how we see the rest of the year playing out. 
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Ritu. The next question is from Haripriya Sureban from The Hindu Business Line. 
Haripriya Sureban  
What is it just for the transformational deals that you are seeing? Or has it translated to the cost takeout kind 
of - regular kind of deals as well? And given that AI, you have mentioned, you have many active projects, do 
you think that will sort of help you with margins as well, given that it is coming at a higher price point? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the first, the decision making we see has slowed down across large programs. The way a lot of the 
transformation programs that are running today, they are funded from cost efficiency that comes through that 
program itself. So overall, the decision making sometimes is slowing down. And we are seeing the start dates 
in terms of where some of these programs are likely to start, more towards the back end of the year. And that 
is the reason we are seeing the revenue impact through the year. 
On Generative AI, we are excited to be doing 80 projects. AI programs generally have a good margin. They 
have a lot of work which is focused on enhancing productivity, driving new areas of growth. But at this stage, 
it is a start. So, we will see when that scales up what the impact of margin is. 
4

 
 
   
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Shilpa Phadnis from The Times of India. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
Hello Sir. If you just look at your sequential revenue growth of 1%, 
On an annualized basis, you could have grown at 4% and your guidance is sub-par. So, I just wanted to 
understand from you, are there deep client concerns that has, you know, made Infosys scale down the 
guidance significantly? 
Salil Parekh 
So, the discussion on the guidance is sort of similar. We have seen many of these large and mega deal wins 
really give us much more confidence in the way clients are working with us, especially on cost efficiency, even 
with financial services, when we announce on transformation and also consolidation. However, there have 
been delays in the start of some of these programs and the decision-making in those. 
Coupled with that, we have also seen some of the volume during the quarter coming down because of clients 
in the industries that I mentioned, so financial services, asset management, payments, mortgages, telco, etc., 
in those specific industries, reducing their volume of work. And those two things have combined for reducing 
the guidance. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
I had one more question on your deal win. You spoke about the $2 bn deal win. Would that qualify as Infosys' 
biggest win that could potentially surpass Daimler? 
Salil Parekh 
So first, we are now sharing the deal value making sure that that is aligned to the regulations that are there. 
For the past, we have actually never shared the deal value. So, it will be difficult to compare that. 
Shilpa Phadnis 
And one last thing on the headcount, Sir. The sector itself is going through a lot of people challenges, you 
know, deferments of hikes and increments. So, if you can please clarify, what is the kind of hikes that you plan 
to roll out this year? Is it going to be deferred at all levels? We are getting to hear that senior level hikes are 
getting deferred. Can you please throw some light on that? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So actually, on the compensations, we are actively under consideration as we speak. So, I am sure, you 
will hear of it even before we finalize that, but it is under active consideration. 
5

 
 
   
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Chandra Ranganathan and Haripriya Suresh from Moneycontrol.com. 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Hi. Salil, you know, on the guidance, again, I wanted to understand what has changed in one quarter, 4%-7% 
to, you know, 1%-3.5%, any specific ramp-downs that you are seeing, what exactly is happening? And when 
we spoke to other managements, they say that, even though transformative programs, discretionary has 
slowed down, clients are still going in for short-term ROI projects. So, you know, is that something that you are 
looking at in the pipeline? 
Secondly, Nilanjan, on the hikes, you said it is under consideration, by when do you expect to announce?  
Haripriya Suresh 
Hi, also wanted to get some perspective on your, you have seen some top level exits recently as well. Is that 
a matter of concern? And what are you doing to sort of stem top level attrition? Just wanted to understand that. 
Salil Parekh 
So, the first question on the guidance, I think the way we have seen it is, what we saw in the start of the quarter, 
we had a certain view of where our large and mega deals were in terms of, when they would close and when 
some of that work would start. Plus, what was the volume on the other programs, on the transformation 
programs, on the digital programs, on our overall volume of work across the portfolio. 
What we saw is some of the start dates for the large deals, the mega deals were more later in the year. And 
the decision making, even as we have announced two of them, we still have some in our pipeline and we will 
see those over the course of the year as the pipeline evolves, and the volume which we saw the changes in 
for many discretionary projects or some of the transformation work. 
Combining all of that is where we decided that this was the guidance in terms of the growth that we could see 
today in terms of the outlook. What we do see is, as we look towards the back end of the year, much more 
growth orientation, because some of these deals will at that stage start to deliver their revenue as well. 
Chandra Ranganathan 
Short term, are you seeing more, the nature of the deals becoming more short term, ROI, cost takeout? 
Salil Parekh 
Yes, so we are definitely seeing consolidation, cost efficiency, automation, but we are not seeing short term, 
meaning short projects like that. But those are the types of deals we are seeing which is more focused on the 
efficiency as opposed to transformation. 
6

 
 
   
On the compensation, Nilanjan will come, I will just go with the third one first. We have seen, we have 
announced and rolled out our new leadership structure within the company. We have the great fortune of 
having incredible leadership talent within the company. And each of them, several of them are stepping up into 
new roles, driving the growth of this business. 
As you can see from these two mega deals and other large deals, overall strength of the business, those 
people have stepped in, and my sense is Infosys will continue to produce those sort of leaders. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, so I think, like I said, this is under consideration, so we will come back on the timing etc., but as of now, 
we are looking at it. We are looking at it as we speak. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Sai Ishwar from the Economic Times. 
Sai Ishwarbharath 
Hello, gentlemen. So, Salil, you were talking about the fall in volumes across the portfolio, right? So, what 
exactly is the reason for this fall in volume? Are clients fearing the recession and tightening their spends. And 
I just wanted to ask about the $100 mn-plus clients, it is falling by 2 sequentially. So, is that because of the 
ramp-down or is it because of projects getting completed? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On the first one, the volumes, there mainly, it is clients in the industries that I was referencing, trying to maintain 
their cost discipline to reduce what they consider discretionary in the short term. So, we see many of these 
sorts of actions, for example, in mortgages and financial services, or we see that in telecom, or we see that in 
investment banking, or we see that in hitech. Those are the sorts of projects that typically have got less 
attention in Q1. 
Sai Ishwarbharath 
So, have you priced in, like you said a lot of these start dates are baked in the second half of the year, right? 
So, the guidance now has baked in all the expected revenues, or do we see any improvement in guidance? 
Salil Parekh 
What we have announced as our wins on large deals and mega deals that is already in the guidance we have 
given. As we go through the year, as there are more events in terms of wins, we will see what impact that has. 
There could be impacts which are positive there could be impacts, depending on some of things, gets delayed 
or not. But as of what we see today is what we have put into the guidance.  
 
7

 
 
   
Nilanjan Roy 
On those two, I mean, I cannot specifically comment on those two specific clients. But generally, as Salil said, 
the overall impact had a discretionary spend cut rather than any projects fundamentally getting over, that is 
the general theme. 
Sai Ishwarbharath 
So, they shifted one bucket lower? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes, they shifted. So, if you see above 50, that is not changed. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you, Sai. The next question is from Ayushman Baruah from the Business Standard. 
Ayushman Baruah 
Hi. A lot has been spoken about AI, so keen to know, what percentage of deals are AI led? Do you see a 
component of AI in majority of the deals? Is AI integrated in most of the deal conversations that you have? 
That is first. 
And secondly, on the pricing, are you seeing any pricing pressure as such? Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
On pricing, Nilanjan will come back on that. On AI, first, we do not disclose the percentage of AI within our 
portfolio. However, AI or Generative AI is really transformative, and it is something that is changing everything 
that is going on. For example, we are doing work, which is related to software development, which is related 
to new code enhancements, migration, maintenance that covers the spectrum of the work that we do. And it is 
also related to other areas, for example, voice, video, text. These are areas where we do work, which is 
expanding the type of work we are doing. So, my sense is Generative AI is really going to transform everything 
that is happening within our portfolio. And Topaz that we have launched, being the leading platform or set of 
capabilities for Generative AI, I think will make a huge impact. Having 80 active projects is a massive step and 
it is moving with rapid speed. 
Nilanjan Roy 
The pricing environment remains quite stable. We have seen in some places, we are able to get some 
increases from cola, etc. Some cases isolated again, you get some discounts, but by and large it is a very 
stable environment. 
 
8

 
 
   
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Uma Kannan from The New Indian Express. 
Uma Kannan 
Good evening, gentlemen. You said, there are some softeners in verticals like BFSI, hitech. So, will this 
continue, or will it be better going forward in H2? And I also want to know, where are the headwinds coming 
from? And is it really paradoxical times for the IT industry as such? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, on the first part, what we look at is, what we see within our portfolio on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. 
It is, from our perspective, not something we look at as to when something will stop or not stop. We have within 
our portfolio, work that we can do on digital transformation, cloud, Generative AI, which are really growth drivers 
in the market. When clients or industries are looking at that we are ready with that, and we have that as one 
of our growth engines. 
On the other hand, when clients are looking at cost, efficiency, consolidation, we also have deep capability in 
that, and that is some of these wins that you have seen, that we have announced, are reflective of that. So 
that is what will kick in, in the other side, but we do not have a specific view on when something will change in 
that. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Sameer Bakshi from the Financial Express. 
Sameer Ranjan Bakshi 
Hello, Sir. So, in these times, do you see challenges in winning smaller deals, when there is a cut in 
discretionary spend? And the second one is, when your peers are focusing on Europe, why are you not able 
to consolidate the European market? Your revenue has fallen by 2%. Thank you. 
Salil Parekh 
In Europe,I will come to that, on a constant currency basis, we are at a growth of 10%. So, Europe, in fact, you 
are absolutely right, is an area, we have a lot of attention and focus on. And in many of those markets, we are 
expanding quite well. 
On the smaller projects, we do not see a difference. We are comfortable to win larger programs and smaller 
programs. It is just that there are some, which are more, not smaller but more discretionary from the perspective 
of a client, which is where we see some of the volume impact. On the larger mega deals, actually we are 
seeing very good traction in the two wins but also a good pipeline of large and mega deals. 
 
9

 
 
   
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. The next question is from Varun Vyas from Reuters News. 
Varun Vyas 
Hello. I was wondering if you could tell me, if the results missed the company's own expectations and when 
you might see some recovery? And could you explain how you classify large and mega deals? Like, is there a 
certain threshold above which a deal is considered that? 
Salil Parekh 
So, the way we see this, we find that when we look at things like Generative AI or if you look at the mega deals 
or the large deals, we see very good traction and momentum. When we see volumes on discretionary projects, 
we see some of those slowing down. So, in that sense it is not one size that fits all, we are seeing really good 
traction on the former. In terms of classification, it is $50 mn or larger that is classified within our system as 
large deal, and $500 mn or larger is a mega deal. 
Varun Vyas 
I was wondering, if you could also tell me what kind of variable pay you are paying. 
Salil Parekh 
So, we do not comment on that externally. 
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Varun. The next question is from Shraddha Goled from the Mint. 
Shraddha Goled 
Hi, good evening. I wanted to ask about the Generative AI training that you mentioned. About 40,000 
employees are being trained. So, what kind of training are they undergoing, more details on that? And also 
wanted to know, if any Generative AI apps or tools are being used internally for any of the operations or 
functions? 
Salil Parekh 
So, on the training, we are working with clients on both open-source Generative AI platforms and proprietary 
Generative AI platforms. These span from different tech companies. Our training internally is on many of these 
different platforms. Plus, we have built some tools on an open-source Generative AI platform that we are using 
internally for areas where we do software development. For example, in our products business, in some other 
areas of services, where we are doing new code development, enhancements or migration. 
10

 
 
   
So for all of those we have built some tools on open-source platforms. So, the training is on those elements of 
those platforms. We have in fact, rolled out what we call ‘AI assistance’ for our employees where the employees 
are focused on delivery work, which is in the software development area, on the sales work, on training, on 
knowledge management, on different components of the work. So, for us, really, we are becoming an AI-first 
company, driving through the change internally as well as externally. 
Shraddha Goled 
Are you also using for your internal operations?  
Salil Parekh 
Yes, absolutely. So those are the ones which we are using internally as well. 
Rishi Basu 
Thanks, Shraddha. The next question is from Reshab Shaw from The Informist. 
Reshab Shaw 
Hi, gentlemen. We have seen utilization going up by 2 basis points and attrition coming down. What stopped 
us from reaching the upper end of the margin guidance? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So, I think guidance of 20% to 22%, I mean, we ended the year as you know at 21% for the full year and 
for the quarter. So, at 20.8%, it is about a 20-basis points reduction. We know, we have levers available, like 
utilization is definitely, one of them. And the program which we have put into place has actually got five pillars. 
The first is automation through Generative AI. The second is a much more beneficial hierarchy index. The third 
is through more critical portfolio of projects. Fourth is value-based selling, the pricing, and the fifth is a whole 
indirect cost initiative. So, this is a five-pillar holistic approach we are taking. It has got about 20 tracks and it 
is being led by Jayesh. 
So, we have 30 leaders leading all these tracks. And definitely the aspiration is to continue to grow our margins 
in the medium term and long term. 
Rishi Basu 
Thank you. With that, we come to an end of this Q&A session. We thank our friends from media for being here 
today. Thank you Salil. Thank you Nilanjan. 
Before we conclude, please note that the archived webcast of this press conference will be available on the 
Infosys website and on our YouTube channel later today. We request our friends from media to join us for high 
tea outside. Thank you once again. Have a lovely evening. 
11

Infosys Limited
Earnings Conference Call
July 20, 2023
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Salil Parekh  
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Nilanjan Roy  
Chief Financial Officer 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
VP, Financial Controller & Head of Investor Relations 
ANALYSTS 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Kotak  
Yogesh Aggarwal 
HSBC 
Ankur Rudra 
J.P. Morgan 
Apurva Prasad 
HDFC Securities 
Kumar Rakesh 
BNP Paribas 
James Friedman 
Susquehanna 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Nomura 
Moshe Katri  
Wedbush Securities 
Mukul Garg  
Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Surendra Goyal 
Citigroup 
Prashant Kothari 
Pictet 
1

 
Bryan Bergin  
TD Cowen 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan  
Investec 
 
Vibhor Singhal  
Nuvama Equities 
 
 
 
2

 
  
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Infosys Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Mahindroo. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Mahindroo 
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Infosys earnings call for Q1 FY '24. Joining us here on this call is 
CEO and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh, CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy and other members of the senior 
management team. We will start the call with some remarks on the performance of the company for 
the quarter by Salil and Nilanjan, subsequent to which the call will be opened up for questions. 
Kindly, note that anything which we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-looking 
statement which must be read in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A full statement 
explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on 
www.sec.gov. 
I would now like to pass it on to Salil. 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks Sandeep. Good evening, and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you for joining 
us.  
We had a strong quarter in Q1. Our Q1 growth was solid at 4.2% year-on-year and 1.0% quarter-on-
quarter in constant currency. We had 21% growth in manufacturing, 14% in Life Sciences. Our 
Europe region grew by 10%. Our operating margin for the quarter was strong at 20.8%. We 
generated robust free cash flow of $699 mn in Q1.  
Our large deal value for Q1 was $2.3 bn, 56% of this was net new. We had one mega deal win in 
Q1. Our value of deals of financial services was 50% of the overall large deal value in Q1. We 
announced a mega deal of $2 bn value after the close of Q1 and before our results, before today. 
With a strong large deal and mega deal wins, we are building well for the future. Our pipeline of large 
deals is strong and we continue to have megadeals in our pipeline. 
3

 
We are delighted that Topaz, our AI and generative AI platform is resonating well with our clients. 
We are working on 80 generative AI projects for our clients at this time. The work we are doing 
encompasses large language models for software development, text, document, voice and video. 
Internally, we have developed generative AI tools using an open-source model for software 
development. We are working with open-source and proprietary generative AI platforms and 
modules. We have trained 40,000 employees on generative AI. We see opportunities for new work 
and for productivity improvements through this technology. All of these elements are available within 
our Topaz set of capabilities. We see this area of generative AI and Topaz being really transformative 
for our clients. 
As we look ahead with the large and mega deal successes and our strength in cost efficiency, 
automation and consolidation, we feel confident. In the short term, we see some clients stopping or 
slowing down work on transformation programs and discretionary work. This is especially so in 
financial services, in mortgages, asset management, investment banking and payments and in the 
telecom industry. We also see some impact in the hitech industry and in parts of retail. 
Even as we won two mega deals recently and have a strong pipeline of large and mega deals, we 
will see revenue from some of these and other large deals towards the later part of our financial year. 
Keeping that in mind, we are changing our revenue growth guidance for this financial year to growth 
of 1.0% to 3.5% in constant currency. 
As a consequence of our mega deal wins, overall traction in cost efficiency, automation, a 
differentiated digital cloud and generative AI capabilities, we are well positioned for the medium term 
and especially towards the end of our financial year and the period after that. 
We have launched a broader and comprehensive margin expansion program. The program will work 
across five areas: pyramid efficiency, automation and generative AI, improvements in critical 
portfolios, reducing our indirect costs and communicating and deriving value across the portfolio. 
Our senior leadership is mobilized on this. We're working on this program with our clients, our 
employees and partners, and we're taking steps for the short, medium and long term, while keeping 
the overall strategic direction of the company in mind. We have an ambition to improve our operating 
margin in the future periods. Our operating margin guidance for the financial year remains 
unchanged at 20% to 22%. 
With that, let me hand it over to Nilanjan. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thanks, Salil. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call.  
4

 
We entered FY '24 on the backdrop of uncertain macroeconomic environment with clients 
reassessing the IT spend and continue to focus on cost and efficiency programs.  
Q1 revenue growth was 4.2% on a Y-on-Y basis in constant currency. Sequentially, revenue grew 
by 1% in constant currency and 1.4% in dollar terms. 
Operating margin for Q1 was 20.8%, 20 basis points lower sequentially. This was primarily due to a 
70 basis points of benefit from cost optimization, including utilization and automation, which was 
offset by a balanced 90 basis point impact from employee-related costs, including higher variable 
pay, promotions, etc. 
Client metrics remained strong with the number of $50 mn clients increasing to 79 and $200 mn 
clients at 15, reflecting our strong ability to mine top clients by providing them multiple relevant 
services.  
Headcount at the end of the quarter stood at 336,000 employees, which is a decline of 2% from the 
previous quarter. A substantial portion of attrition has been backfilled by training and reskilling 
existing pool of talent and deployment of freshers. Consequently, our utilization excluding trainees 
improved to 81.1%, which has further headroom for growth. We will calibrate the hiring for FY '24 
based on available pool of employees, growth expectations and attrition trends. 
Free cash flow for the quarter was robust at $699 mn and the conversion to net profit for Q1 remained 
strong at 96.6%, led by strong collections. DSO increased by one day sequentially to 63. 
Consolidated cash and equivalents stood at $4.5 bn at the end of the quarter. This is before the 
payout of final dividend that happened in the first week of July.  
EPS grew by 6.6% in dollar terms and 12.4% in rupee terms.  
Yield on cash balance was 6.71% in Q1. 
ROE increased to 32.8% in Q1, a 1.8% increase year-on-year, which is a reflection of our strong 
cash generation and capital allocation policy.  
Large deal momentum continued and we signed 16 large deals in Q1; TCV was $2.3 bn with 56% 
net new. 3 deals reach were in FS, EURS and communication; 4 in retail; 2 in manufacturing and 1 
in Life Sciences vertical. Region wise this split by 11 in America, 4 in Europe and 1 in ROW. 
Coming to vertical segment performance. 
Financial services vertical witnessed continued softness in areas like mortgage, asset management, 
investment banking, cards and payments. Large and super regional banking clients in US have been 
resilient during this quarter. Large banking clients are focusing on vendor consolidation, cost takeout 
5

 
and self-funding transformation programs. Many financial institutions are looking at outsourcing the 
non-core business that includes taking away existing employees across technology and operations. 
While delayed decision-making is impacting the vertical, our recent deal wins and the strong pipeline 
will help create momentum and opportunity for future growth. 
In retail, cost efficiency and consolidation continues to remain top priority for our clients. There is 
intense focus on leveraging AI to accelerate digital transformation for enhanced customer and 
employee experience, predictive analytics and real-time insights. While decision cycles are long, 
large deal pipelines remain healthy in infra, apps and process modernization, cloud and workload 
migration. 
Communication sector is witnessing continued impact from budget cuts, delayed decision making 
for newer spend and slow ramp-up. Growth challenges for the clients persist due to increasing opex 
pressures. Cost optimization and vendor consolidation are top priority for clients who are open to 
innovative solutions and are asking for AI to amplify productivity. OEM clients are showing greater 
interest in revenue-generating services, decreased time to market, increased product quality and 
improved customer experience. Large deal pipeline in this vertical remains very healthy. 
Outlook for the energy, utilities, resources and services vertical continues to be positive, though there 
slowdown in decision-making. Energy clients are coming to us for large-scale transformation 
programs such as digital capabilities for energy transition and journey to net zero. Utilities clients are 
focused on in-flight transformation programs or those required for regulatory compliance. Service 
clients are focused on consolidation and M&A, cloud cost optimization and legacy transformation. 
Our investment in industry cloud and solutions in the energy transition area had helped us 
differentiate in these sectors to win multiple deals and build a very strong pipeline. 
Manufacturing clients are focusing on controlling the spend and awarding deals which are focused 
on differentiation. Despite the volatile environment, deal pipeline is strong. Areas like, engineering, 
IoT, supply chain, cloud, ERP and digital are seeing increased traction. There is a need to increase 
paper migration to cloud, increasing productivity by transforming to smart factories and transitioning 
to smart products. We are seeing opportunities across auto, aerospace and industrial. 
We have revised our revenue growth guidance for FY '24 to 1.0% to 3.5% in constant currency terms. 
This is due to lower-than-expected volumes, due to ramp-down in discretionary spend, coupled with 
lower mega deal volumes arising from delayed timing and longer ramp-up times due to regulatory 
approvals and transition. 
Margin guidance remained at 20% to 22% for FY '24. We continue to aspire for higher margins over 
the medium term with the razor-sharp focus on cost optimization and efficiency improvements. As 
6

 
Salil mentioned, we have launched a new margin maximization program across the five pillars 
comprising over 20 tracks. 
With that, we can open up the call for questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. The first question is from 
the line of Kawaljeet Saluja from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Yeah, hi. Thank you. You know, my first question is the fact that in the prepared remarks, both 
Nilanjan and Salil, both of you mentioned that the guidance cut is partly due to a delay in volumes or 
the delay in timing of mega deals. But as far as I remember, your guidance at the lower end was not 
predicated on mega deal closures, which is 4%, and 7% was predicated on mega deal closures and 
volumes flowing through. 
So I'm just trying to understand, if you can just delayer your guidance, you know basically just 
highlight what percentage of the cut is attributable to your perception of change in view in the external 
environment and what percentage is really the delayed signing of mega deals here? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So Kawal as you know, there was a guidance of 4% to 7%. Of course, the higher end of the 
guidance had a larger amount of the mega deals. And the 4%, of course, was predicated a lot on the 
base volumes, which by default would be in quarter 1, quarter 2. And this is where we have seen 
discretionary spend cuts in quarter 1 in some clients, and of course, in Q2 as well, some of that 
softness continues. 
As you know, if you have to meet the year, quarter 1 and quarter 2 are very critical for that really to 
happen. So fundamentally, that is the base reason. As we exit the year, of course, at the higher end, 
there was the impact of mega deals and our guidance on both ends have come down. And one more 
reason is that the top-end has come down is also largely also due to the delay in mega deals signing 
and the transition time. But the pipeline, as Salil said is very healthy. We got two deals under the 
belt, and we are as confident as we exit the year. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
But Nilanjan, just to try to know, when you basically spoke in the last quarter, you did highlight that 
1Q would be weaker and we expect pickup in 2Q, whereas right now you are saying that 1Q and 2Q 
are strong quarters. I'm just trying to understand the disconnect in commentary. 
7

 
The second part to the question Nilanjan is that, two consecutive quarters, two consecutive misses. 
I guess last time around as well, there were a lot of pushback saying that the environment has 
deteriorated and how you built any extra cushion into your guidance, etc. So what are your learnings 
in the last two quarters? And what are the steps you have taken to ensure that the forecasting 
process is a little bit more robust than what the guidance cut in the last two quarters indicate? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yeah. So Kawal see, when we give the guidance, we see the outlook at that point of time. We have 
a semblance of what is a pipe. We assume some convertibility. There is an existing book of business. 
But like I just said, in Q1, from a sequential basis, we are lower than where we thought we would 
end up to be, right? 
Because like I said, Q1 and Q2 was critical for us to meet that guidance. And we have seen these 
discretionary cuts in clients in some sectors which we have just called out. And that is, what I would 
say, the base business. And on the other side, there is the mega deal impact. We have got a good 
pipeline and some of these deals which was supposed to kick-in earlier, are getting delayed later 
into the year as we speak. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Okay, that is clear. Just a final comment on how the pipeline after the conversion of the $2 bn mega 
deal as such? Can you just comment on the pipeline? That will be useful. 
Salil Parekh 
So Kawal, this is Salil. The pipeline, we still have a good pipeline of both large deals. We have some 
mega deals in the pipeline as well. We see a lot of the work that we are doing on cost, on efficiency, 
automation, in consolidation those are tracking well with clients. There are some transformation 
programs which are funded from within the cost efficiency those are also something that we are 
tracking through. So we do see with the two mega deals signed, a good pipeline today of large deals 
and we have mega deals in the pipeline as well. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Right. And just one thing, is the upper end of the guidance band in any way predicated on future 
mega deal closures, or it's based on the deals closed up to now? 
Salil Parekh 
So here, the way we have built this guidance, or our view of the 3.5% is based on what we have 
closed today in large and mega deals, and then we have a way of estimating based on what we see 
8

 
into the future as an aggregate, not as a one-off, or not as a binary discussion, but in aggregate with 
what we see as the probabilities and also the probability of when that work will transition and the 
revenues are . So those are what we see in the pipeline and are baked into it. 
Kawaljeet Saluja 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for letting me come. Salil, just a couple of questions. Firstly, on banking, your 
banking weakness has been there for a few quarters and now most other companies are showing 
weakness as well. Whereas if you look at the clients itself, most of their financial results, the tech 
commentaries and the data is not that weak. So where is the disconnect you think? Are they spending 
more with captives or smaller subcontractors? Where is this market share loss coming from? 
Salil Parekh 
Yogesh, I think, what we see in our financial services or banking part of financial services, there are 
different clients of ours that have different patterns in terms of their own pressures within their 
business. Some of our clients have had good results, but there are some which have had more 
difficult economic situations. 
Also with a mix from geography between Europe, Asia Pacific, and US, when you break it down into 
specific sub-industry areas, when you look at asset management, when you look at investment 
banking, when you look at payments or mortgages, those are the ones where we are seeing the 
impact.  
Our sense is, generally our clients are not spending on those projects. It is not that they are spending 
somewhere else. Typically, they are choosing not to spend at this time. And as the environment 
changes, we will see how that pattern changes. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Okay, thanks. And just a quick follow-up. The revised guidance now, at the lower end, I wanted to 
ask, you have already won few mega deals and the lower end of the guidance suggests almost 
negative or flattish growth for the next three quarters, which would also mean that for six quarters, 
9

 
seven quarters now, revenues would be flat. So what are the assumptions for the lower end of the 
guidance I wanted to know? 
Salil Parekh 
See, here as Nilanjan was sharing about the guidance, the approach is really focused on what we 
have seen in terms of volumes, discretionary projects in Q1 and an overlay then of the actual mega 
deals and large deals we have already won, and the estimate that we are looking at. 
Some of those deals have start dates have moved out, whereas the volume and discretionary project 
slowing is still in quarter. So our view is based on how that plays out between those trends, we saw 
the 1% in terms of the lower end of the guidance when you combine that and then, of course, the 
high end we talked about earlier. 
Yogesh Aggarwal 
Great. Thanks, Salil. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Rudra 
Thank you. Salil, thank you for the updated guidance. I just wanted to get a sense of, obviously, the 
ask rate for the next three quarters has now moderated from, maybe it could have been 2% to 4%. 
With the same old guidance, it's 0% to 1.5% as discussed. Just curious about the discretionary cuts 
and the delays you referenced in your guidance change description. Has this happened more 
towards the latter half of the quarter? Has there been a linear change over the course of the quarter? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, Ankur, the way we have seen it is, there will be no difference in the pattern at the beginning 
or the end of the quarter. It is more focused on the industry that we referenced in our opening remarks 
between Nilanjan and me. We have seen in different places the discretionary work and some 
transformation work, where it has either slowed or stopped based on different industries. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay. And also, I just want to get a sense of maybe asking this in a slightly different way. Obviously, 
the guidance change is quite drastic. Is this just the change in environment of spending over the 
course of the last three months? Or is this also a difference in the way you measure the likelihood of 
10

 
success of when the deals ramp-up, or the win rate of future deals? Just curious about that and if 
this guidance is more conservative anyway versus the last time you said it? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, it is a combination, as you pointed out, of the environment in terms of the discretionary or 
transformational projects in the quarter. And then some of the mega deals and large deals, we saw 
a delay in decision-making in closing and also delay or changes in the start time or ramp-up of the 
profile of that deal. We have actually not seen any change in the win rate. And in fact, internally, we 
had a good win rate in Q1, and we continue to see good traction, whether it is consolidation, cost 
efficiency on the win rate side. 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate that. Just one clarification, if you could. I know this $2 bn framework agreement that you 
referenced is the second large deal. Could you clarify if this is fully contracted? And is this type of 
deal historically also been disclosed in your TCV’s over the last few quarters or years? 
Salil Parekh 
This deal, while we have first made the announcement, and I'm sure you have seen, we have 
completed the contract signing of the deal, that is when the deal was announced. These types of 
deals were also included in the past within our large deal mix. Of course, in the past, there was no 
requirement of disclosing the specific values. 
Ankur Rudra 
Okay. Understood. Last question if I can. On margins, they were obviously flattish this time, it seemed 
like you have done well given what the growth has been. The five-point margin maximization plan 
you have highlighted, is this you playing offense or defense on margins? In other words, is Infosys 
confident of potentially expanding margins in F '24? Or is it more for margin defense because growth 
outlook does not look very strong, at least at the lower end of guide? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So like we said, I mean, this is a two-year program we have started. It is quite comprehensive. 
It is just not looking at cost, it is looking at portfolio. And this is now being led personally by Jayesh 
with 20 tracks, 30 leaders. Of course, our aspiration continues to be that we will aspire for higher 
margins than where we are today. So from that perspective, it is offensive -- on offense, I would say 
offensive, but on offense, this thing to increase our margins. That is the intent. 
 
11

 
Ankur Rudra 
Appreciate it, thank you, and best of luck. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Apurva Prasad 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. Salil, just wanted a broad further on the guidance. In the last 
quarter, you had referred to achieving top-end basis the strength of pipeline and factors that are 
binary. So are those binary factors still in the pipeline or converted but transition is taking longer? So 
what I am trying to get at is how should we really reconcile the change in revenue guide in the last 
three months between delay and volume cuts, which is as large as $600 mn? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we have already announced two mega deals, which is a positive. We have large and mega 
deals in the pipeline. The way we have seen it is really the two points you mentioned, which is the 
volume discretionary work in quarter and the delay in the start of the realization, transition of some 
of the large and mega deals, those are what have translated to the change in the guidance. 
Apurva Prasad 
Any way that you could split those factors, how much of an impact would that have been? 
Salil Parekh 
We will not be in a position to quantify that further between those two, unfortunately. 
Apurva Prasad 
So okay. And just how would you characterize the business environment and your client 
conversations at the end of the quarter as compared to how it was at the beginning of the quarter? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, it is really, the way we see it is, our pipeline for large and mega deals is in excellent shape 
as we closed the quarter. We see good traction for mega deals and our large deals. The focus is 
much more when you are talking to clients on efficiency or cost or consolidation. We have a real 
traction with them. We see less discussions on digital transformation. 
12

 
And then in general, across the client base for those industries that I referenced in the opening 
remark, we see where there are discretionary programs where the client feels that they can slow 
them or pause them for some time, we see that action. So those are the two sort of actions we are 
seeing. Very good traction, in fact, on the large and mega deals. 
Moderator 
Apurva, does that answer your question? 
Apurva Prasad 
Yes, thanks. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking my question. My first question was more of a clarification. So 
can you just confirm the process of deciding the revenue growth guidance? Is it the same, which 
was last fiscal year versus this year? Or have you changed some of the assumptions for the 
processes that you follow? 
Salil Parekh 
Hi, Rakesh. This is Salil. So we have following the same approach that we followed over the last 
several years as we build our outlook or our guidance that we share with the market. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Great. Got it. Thanks. My second question was on the margin side. So this quarter, we had a slight 
decline on the margin sequentially. Now wage hike is yet to be given out. So how confident are you 
on holding on to the current margin or the margins which we had last year? And the cost saving 
program also you are going to start running? Or there would be more of headwinds than tailwinds 
on the margin side? 
Nilanjan Roy 
As you saw my margin walk, we had a 70 basis points benefit from utilization, cost optimization. So 
we are seeing the tailwinds of that. And the big part of that, we actually put back into employee-
related compensation, which is variable pay, that is a big part - promotion. So it is not that we are 
losing that to the market. That is a conscious decision for us to plow it back towards employees. 
13

 
So as we look ahead, we are actively considering compensation hikes, we announced this as well 
at press conference earlier. And the new program that kicks-in, we think in optimization will give us 
the necessary tailwinds to be well within the margin guidance band. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Thanks for that. My last question was around the volume commentary which you gave. So last 
quarter in April when we had the discussion. You had talked about that volume through the quarter, 
you were seeing signs of improvement. However, in this quarter, you have seen performing much 
below your expectation. So which are specific pockets you are seeing the weakness specifically? Is 
it more client specific or the entire industry working a much sharper weakness? 
Nilanjan Roy 
It is a client-specific, like this time iIn fact, we saw slightly more resilience in the US-based clients. 
Europe turned out to be slightly weaker. So it is very client specific actually across. I mean, it is sort 
of a leaking bucket in a number of clients. There is no large drop-off. And this is largely with the 
discretionary part. So it is some programs which can be pulled back and are discretionary in the 
nature, those are the ones we are seeing. 
Kumar Rakesh 
Thanks for that. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go 
ahead. 
James Friedman  
Hi, thank you. Salil, I think many investors are wondering, so I appreciate your thoughts. Does it 
seem to you that the soft demand was primarily due to macro factors, which are presumably 
temporary? Or is it potentially something more profound like perhaps related to the relevance of 
services or mindshare? So is this just macro it is going to go away, or is it a question of services in 
itself? 
Salil Parekh 
So this is Salil. Thanks for the question. The way we see it today, we see this demand environment, 
especially on discretionary, that we have been discussing so far, as a function of the macro 
environment. We can see, for example, if you look at different industries, manufacturing growing at 
14

 
21%, other industry is doing well, whereas financial service is weaker. So our service portfolio, we 
believe, works well. 
We have already transformed the company, moved it predominantly into a digital business. We are 
very strong on cloud with our cobalt offering. And now with generative AI and broadly with AI, we 
have launched our Topaz offering. 
My sense is that those are resonating well with clients. And the places where we see the constraints 
have been more with the macro. Even some of the large and mega deals we are winning, we are 
winning against a fairly intense competition where we are demonstrating our capabilities, whether it 
is on transformation or on cost or efficiency or consolidation. 
James Friedman  
Okay, thank you for that context, Salil. I will drop back in the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Bhandari from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bhandari  
Yeah. Thank you. I have two questions. First of all, Salil, congrats to you for this $2 bn mega deal. 
And if you could share some more details around this project given that it is probably the largest you 
announced anywhere globally. Is it pure services deal? Or there is an element of any hardware 
purchase along with it? And do you think this will get into revenue translation more in the second half 
of this year? 
Salil Parekh 
So thanks for the question. On this specific deal, what we have shared in the public domain is as per 
the filing with the stock exchange. It really focuses on work that we are doing related to AI and 
automation-led development, modernization and maintenance services. We do not have anything 
more to add to that comment. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Sure. And do you think this goes into revenue translation in second half? 
Salil Parekh 
Yes. So again, there, we do not have anything more on the specific deal. It is more about the general 
comments that we have talked about the large and mega deals. We do see, in general, across our 
15

 
large and mega deals, the revenue coming through in terms of the transitions and revenue realization 
more towards the later part of the year. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Got it. Thank you Salil for that. Nilanjan, my final and second question is to you. So you commented 
that the salary hikes are under active consideration. So do you think this year, the hike cycle could 
differ compared to a usual cycle? And it could be more linked to when the growth comes back, we 
probably will be in a better position to give the hikes for employees? 
Nilanjan Roy 
So like I said, we are considering everything. Nothing to add more than that really in terms of timing 
or anything like that. 
Abhishek Bhandari 
Okay, got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Moshe Katri 
So far, Europe has really been holding up well, much better than the US. Can you talk a bit about 
what you are seeing in Europe, maybe areas where you are seeing some strength in terms of 
verticals? I am assuming the UK is a big part of it. And if that trend continues based on what you are 
seeing, i.e. is Europe still holding in there or is it also slowing down? That is my first question, thanks. 
Salil Parekh 
So thanks to your question. This is Salil. We saw good traction, and we have seen that over the last 
several quarters in Europe, as you pointed out. We have seen that, especially in the manufacturing 
segment. We have had good traction in multiple geographies in Europe. So we have a good traction 
in the Nordics. We also announced a strategic win in the Nordics, which was public a few weeks 
ago. We have good traction in Germany, as you referenced, a good traction in the UK. So we have 
had good traction so far. 
Now the macro environment, we feel, as Nilanjan also pointed earlier, is definitely something that is 
affecting overall in Europe. So we are seeing within the segments we referenced, for example, 
16

 
Financial Services and the sub-segments there in telco, in some parts of retail, those being impacted 
in Europe as well, and we will see how that plays out into the future. 
Moshe Katri 
Okay. And my follow-up is about an article that came out this week in the local media in India, 
suggesting that there is an uptick in demand for lateral hires in the industry. And these hires will 
probably start happening in the month of October and on. Does that make sense to you versus what 
you are seeing out there in terms of demand and pipeline and the ramp up, that is kind of, as you 
said, it is going slower than expected? 
Salil Parekh 
So for that, my sense is, again, some of the comments you might have heard earlier from Nilanjan, 
our utilization has gone up. Our total headcount number is reduced, and we believe, we have some 
headroom for the utilization to go up further. So that would be the context in which we are operating. 
Moshe Katri 
Understood. Thanks for the color. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg 
Yes. Hi, thanks. Salil, just wanted to kind of probe a bit further on the change in the guidance, and 
I'm just focusing on the lower end of your previous guidance. Where it does not look like the miss in 
Q1 from what you are kind of thinking about last quarter was that meaningful for the guidance at the 
lower end to come down so drastically. 
So is it fair to assume that, the incremental slowdown which you have witnessed is more front ended, 
i.e. in Q2? Or was there an expectation of a meaningful pickup-in the business in the second half, 
which is now no longer there? 
Salil Parekh 
So on the guidance, again, some of the comments that Nilanjan shared earlier, we saw in Q1, the 
volume and discretionary projects slowing. And based on that, plus the delay in some of the large or 
mega deals are starting up in terms of revenue, we felt that has given us the view of the lower end 
of the guidance. 
17

 
What we see really the function of the way, the volume in the discretionary project evolves. The 
macro environment, as we look out, is changing as we see things, which are from US to Europe, to 
Asia, keeping those factors in mind is how we build that lower end of the guidance. 
Mukul Garg 
Sure. And similarly, on similar track, is there something, we need to kind of see, visualize in terms of 
sanctity of large deal TCV, which we disclosed. The commentary on pipeline and large deal wins 
continues to remain very robust. But there is a fair bit of pain, which you are kind of talking about 
from a discretionary side, which would be coming out of the large deal number. 
So can you share the impact on overall TCV? Or is that something, which you would kind of start 
reassessing simply because it is giving a misleading picture, when you look at only the large deals 
wins? 
Salil Parekh 
So there are some distinctions, what we are seeing in the large deals, mega deals, wins in the 
pipeline and what is more recent in the past quarters is more on cost or efficiency or consolidation. 
And so that work is continuing. 
What we referenced on the slowdown is more on discretionary projects, which are projects or 
transformation projects, which are from before, which could have been paused or slowed down by 
the client, and specifically in the industries, where we referenced the impact. Those are the ones, 
we are seeing. So they are not, in a sense, correlated with the large deals that we are looking at 
today. 
Mukul Garg 
Sure. And if I may just ask one clarification. You know, is there any impact in terms of your growth 
guidance from any client-specific issue, specifically, as Nilanjan kind of highlighted in Europe, in 
terms of client in-sourcing or kind of slowing down business to you, in any vertical? 
Salil Parekh 
So there, what Nilanjan was referencing to is not that it is client specific, as you know, in one or two 
clients. It was more in terms of clients within that industry vertical and more now shifting, what we 
had in the US to the European market. So it is not that we have specific one or two clients, where 
we have seen this impact showing up from there. 
 
18

 
Mukul Garg 
Sure. I think that is helpful. Thanks for taking my questions. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Surendra Goel from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Surendra Goyal  
Yeah. Good evening. So, I know that you do not share this data point, but could you give us a 
directional sense of how ACV, annualized contract value trends would have moved or would 
compare Y-o-Y, given the changing nature of the things towards the large and mega cost takeout 
deals? 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks for the questions, Surendra. We are not in a position to share that information. 
Surendra Goyal 
Okay. And on this recently announced mega deal in terms of renewal versus new? 
Salil Parekh 
The one that was announced after the quarter, before the results? 
Surendra Goyal 
Yes. 
Salil Parekh 
Okay. So again, we are not announcing the net new in a specific deal. What I mentioned earlier was 
the type of work, and that is what, we can say, in addition to what we filed with the stock exchange. 
Surendra Goyal 
Sure. Thanks, Salil. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kothari from Pictet. Please go ahead. 
 
19

 
Prashant Kothari 
Yeah. A couple of questions. One is, when you are looking at the revenue growth guidance this year, 
it seems we will be growing maybe worse than the peer group that we track, even in terms of the 
deciding on management compensation, how do we think about that? What are the things that we 
need to do in order to regain the kind of competitiveness in the market, so we can continue to outgrow 
out there? Or do you think, it is all down to discretionary demand being weak and therefore, there is 
nothing much that we can do, and we just need to wait for the cycle to come back? That is the first 
question. 
Salil Parekh 
So there, we have a view with our portfolio. There is a portfolio of services that works well with our 
clients. We absolutely have the intensity in the client environment with a large and mega deal wins 
to be back into the growth mode that we have been in for the last several years. 
We also have a high base for comps. Q1 of last year was a 21% growth year-on-year, in the previous 
year, whereas the environment of other peers were not there. So all of those factors coming into 
play, we are very much of the view that, we have what we need, and we are continuing to go into 
new areas, like, generative AI or continued investments in cloud to build out, what we want, what our 
clients are looking for, to continue with the growth situation. 
Prashant Kothari 
Okay. Thank you. So if it is kind of more about the external environment then, what would be a good 
kind of a leading indicator that you would use may be internally to figure out that, this weak 
discretionary demand phase is kind of coming to an end? 
Salil Parekh 
So internally, we have several elements, that we look at. These are not typically data we share 
externally. But in terms of the overall translation of that is what we translate into the guidance there. 
Prashant Kothari 
All right. Yeah, which is presenting a bit of a weak picture as of now. All right. Okay. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. 
 
20

 
Bryan Bergin 
Hi, good evening. Thank you. I wanted to ask on the margin expansion program. So I understand 
that this is a two-year initiative. Can you give us a sense of materiality to just how are you thinking 
about the potential cost savings or an approximate margin expansion potential that you expect to 
achieve from these pillars? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yes. So we cannot really quantify it. These are five critical tracks, pricing and a more holistic sort of 
value-based selling approach. That is a big one. We know from a pyramid perspective, we have a 
lot of scope as well. We understand the generative AI and our ongoing automation projects, which 
we have. That is a continuously and actually with generative AI, we think, we can up the productivity 
from baseline even more. 
Some of our portfolios in our mix, how do we improve margins, – a dedicated head team looking at 
these accounts. And finally, the indirect cost side and how do we keep a cap on that, looking at more 
efficient buying, procurement, savings, etc. 
So it is a quite a holistic approach, like I said, across 20 tracks. And these are being kicked-off. We 
cannot quantify the number at this stage. But like we said, our aspiration continues to be to improve 
our margin in the medium term. 
Bryan Bergin 
Okay. And then my follow-up, I understand you have got a lot of questions here on the fiscal '24 
growth outlook. Just trying to clarify maybe here and maybe tie all these questions together. Is it right 
to say that at the low end of your '24 growth guidance, that you are assuming a worsening of volume 
reductions and a worsening of decision-making pace for the balance of the year? And then at the 
upper end, that the decision-making improves? Just trying to really get to the point of are you 
assuming more of the same in the improvement or further deterioration, within this range? 
Salil Parekh 
There, the way we have constructed this guidance, we see that, there is a change or a difference in 
the environment, in the decision-making. We have seen some of the impact in some of the industries 
that we shared earlier. And we will see how that volume, discretionary work translates itself over 
time. So we baked in some range of possibilities into that. We wanted to see how those possibilities 
play out. 
 
21

 
Bryan Bergin 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yeah. Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So Nilanjan, the employee headcount is down 
3% over the last two quarters, but the absolute employee cost is up 2%. So what explains that 
dynamic? 
Nilanjan Roy 
Yeah. So like I said, this time, we have about 90 bps of impact, we do not see the entire thing in 
employee cost because even third-party costs have come down. But if you see about 90 basis points, 
actually more than 120 basis points and then 90 basis points is actually in employee costs, variable 
pay is a big one, which we have upped consciously, in this quarter, a little bit of promotion, then there 
are other balancing items. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Yeah. So, just a clarification there. So in the context of the deteriorating environment and attrition 
sort of falling, the assumption was that employee cost would be something relatively easier to 
manage. And obviously, because the performance, company-wide performance itself is lower, the 
variable also should be lower. So what is driving the dynamic on higher variable pay and the 
compensation? 
Nilanjan Roy 
So we look at this holistically. And we do not look at just one quarter and decide these decisions. We 
are looking at the overall environment and attrition, etc, and that is a decision we collectively take. It 
is just not on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
We have enough headroom in our utilization to grow volumes. And therefore, the attrition, which we 
see is not entirely replaced by lateral hiring. A part of that happens through lateral hiring, and we 
continue to re-skill and move up our fresher bench and rotate people through projects. So that 
benefit, we continue to get. 
And like I said, the 70 bps benefit, which we are seeing is coming partly because of improved 
utilization. 
22

 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Sure. And lastly, the $2.1 bn deal that we announced, in which vertical is that? If you could clarify 
that would be helpful? 
Nilanjan Roy 
No, we do not mention that on what vertical it is. 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much all the very best. 
Nilanjan Roy 
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Yeah, hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So, Salil, two questions from my side. One 
on the harping on the guidance part again. I mean, for long, I think, the guidance that Infosys gives 
is kind of seen a benchmark for the industry and a lead across for the entire sector as well. And the 
sharp cut that we had at this time. So just wanted to understand, the putting on hold of discretionary 
spend and other issues that you mentioned that caused us to lower the guidance, do you see that 
as a very Infosys specific thing, or do you see it more of an industry across the board that maybe 
other companies are not seeing it right now, they might be following suit in the next few quarters. Or 
is it something in the nature of our portfolio because of which you probably feel that it was cyclical? 
I mean, in the last three months, because the other companies that have reported, there might not 
have been such number difference in the guidances. But the kind of $600 mn shock that we have 
seen, we have not seen that kind of a change in commentary over the past three months by any 
other player per se. So would you like to basically give some colour on how readable is this 
environment, that has caused this deterioration to us and not to the other companies in the sector or 
the industry? 
 
 
23

 
Salil Parekh 
So there, my sense is, if you look at our Q1 number, we have 1% quarter-on-quarter growth, which 
from what I have seen across the industry is, maybe one of the strongest quarter-on-quarter growth. 
We have a clear view of what we see as we have been discussing on large and mega deals, giving 
us a strong growth orientation later in the year with some discretionary work, which is slowing in Q1. 
So I do not have a sense for the other players. That is how we see it. And if I look at Q1, we have a 
good outcome in terms of a solid quarter and looking at the industry, maybe higher growth Q-on-Q 
than many others. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. And in terms of conversations with the clients, just a follow-up on that, in terms of the 
conversations with the clients, I think you mentioned it before on the call as well. What is the overall 
general conversation like, when they put this discretionary part of the deals on hold? I mean, do they 
want to do it, given the weak macro at this point of time? Is there any rethinking on the part of whether 
they need this kind of spend at all? Are those original decisions being questioned itself to begin with? 
What exactly is the nature of the conversation with the clients, which are putting these spends on 
hold? 
Salil Parekh 
So here, what we have seen is, again, in the industries, we referenced before, whether it is financial 
services or telco or hi-tech, the clients or the industries are going through a difficult environment 
themselves in the macro. They are looking for help or support from their partners like us, where they 
put some projects, which they perceive to be not immediately relevant for them on a pause or 
slowing. Those are the discretionary works that slow down. And we will see as the environment 
changes, what happens there. 
Vibhor Singhal 
Got it. Great. Thanks for taking my question. And wish you all the best for the rest of the year. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
 
24

 
Salil Parekh 
Thanks. This is Salil. I just want to close out. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. In summary, for 
us, really, we have had a solid Q1, very good Q-on-Q growth, solid margins, excellent large deals 
and mega deal wins. This sets us up very nicely, with some of the delays and the volume slowing 
more for the later part of the year. We have also got incredible traction in generative AI with 80 
projects and the Topaz work resonating with clients. 
We now put in place a stronger program on margin expansion, which is in play. Putting all of that 
together, we see this is a year, where we will make that difference translating to mega deals and 
large deals, and as we come towards the later part of the year, showing the realization of all of those. 
So thanks again, everyone, for joining in, and look forward to catching up at the next quarterly call. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Infosys, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
25
