talbrfo^
INDIPARTS\—
y FPVT LTD.
May 22, 2023
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalai Street, Fort
Mumbai-400 001
Scrip Code-505160
Company Code- TALBROAUTO
Sub: Submission of Earnings Call Transcript for 04 & Financial Year 2022-23
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call
Transcript for Q4 & Financial Year 2022-23.
The same will also be available on the website of the Company at https://www.talbros.com.
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you,
Yours Sincerely
For Talbros Automotive Components Limited
Seema Narang
Company Secretary
14/1, First Floor, Mathura Road, Faridabad-121003, Haryana (India) . Ph.: 91-9810074147
Regd. Office : 400, Udyog Vihar, Phase-Ill, Gurgaon - 122016, Haryana, India
GSTIN : 06AAECT0308B1Z2. CIN : U50100HR2006PTC036192
E-mail : care@tipl.ind.in
Seema 
Narang
Digitally signed 
by Seema Narang 
Date: 2023.05.22 
17:09:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
Q4 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 17th May, 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
     
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ TALWAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED 
 
MR. NAVIN JUNEJA – DIRECTOR OF THE BOARD AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – TALBROS 
AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS FIRM – TALBROS 
AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED 
ta bn
talbrlS
^
a
C
H O
R
L
L’

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of 
the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Talwar, Joint Managing Director of Talbros 
Automotive Components Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Talwar: 
Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to our Q4 and FY '23 
Earnings Call. On the call today, I'm joined by Mr. Navin Juneja, our Director of the Board 
and our Group CFO, SGA, our IR firm in Mumbai. The result and the presentation are 
uploaded on the stock exchange and the company website. I hope everyone has seen it. 
I'll begin with the industry and the economy overview. In FY '22-'23, the automotive industry 
experienced a significant boost in production and sales, largely due to increased economic 
activity and mobility. According to industry data, a total of 25.9 million vehicles were 
produced between April '22 and March '23 compared with 23 million units in the previous 
year. Sales improved across most automotive segments, including passenger cars, commercial 
vehicles, tractors, resulting in a 20% increase in the overall automobile sales from 17.6 million 
in '21-'22 to 21.2 million units in '22, '23. 
Domestic sales of passenger vehicles increased by 27%, reaching over 3.9 million passenger 
cars, highest ever in our country, up from 3.1 million units in FY '22. The commercial vehicle 
segment had the second highest domestic sales with an increase from 7.2 lakh to 9.6 lakh units, 
representing a growth of 34%. 3-wheelers also witnessed impressive growth, surging from 2.6 
lakh to 4.9 lakh units, an increase of 87%. 2-wheeler sales, which was lagging behind  also 
increased from 13.6 million to 15.9 million units last year. 
The growth was particularly strong in the passenger vehicle segment and we  expect it to keep 
going on for the next coming years. And you've seen a lot of announcements from the big boys 
like  Maruti and Tata, how they're adding capacity. The demand for commercial vehicles have 
been boosted by the government initiatives aimed at building infrastructure such as roads, 
highways, and ports. As a company that is very strong in these 2 segments, Talbros will 
continue to perform even better and stronger and take more market share in these segments. 
Now at the company performance. FY '23 has been a strong year at Talbros Automotive. At a 
group level, including the joint ventures, the company, for the first time, achieved a revenue of 
INR1,037 crores, a growth of 18% year-on-year. As we said earlier, our company has received 
multiyear orders of about INR1,000 crores from both domestic as well as overseas OEMs 
across all our business lines, including gasket, heat shields, forging, chassis, and rubber. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Our gasket division has shifted focus towards heat shields while constantly diversifying the 
segment portfolio and securing exports. In this Gasket Division , we're happy to announce that 
for the first time, our heat shield division crossed about INR20 crores of revenues, and we 
expect this to reach about INR90 crores by FY '27. Gasket been the cash cow   and a market 
leader. We continue to get more and more orders from domestic OEMs as well as global 
OEMs. And we believe that even now we can get a lot more of exports in our gasket business 
line. 
We've also increased our contribution towards PV segment and CV we are expanding  into 
new geographies like Russia, Japan, for LCV, HCV and offroad segment products. In the 
forging division, we are leveraging our company's capability to convert castings into forgings 
and increasing our focus on electric vehicles. We recently added heavyweight parts up to 30 
kilos and increasing  our focus on  exports  managing geographies like U.K., North America, 
which we have  added a landmark customer in the U.K., which we mentioned about who 
converted from casting to forgings, who is very big in the construction and the off-highway 
segment. 
You will see in our joint ventures are clearly at an inflection point. Each one of them is 
showing very strong high double-digit growth going forward. Our Marelli joint venture, we 
already supplied components to the domestic OEMs and export OEMs. We are supplying 
components for the chassis, suspension and now recently making a cradle for Tata Motors, 
which is directly a needy component where the  battery motor will fit. Coming to our JV with 
Marugo, you have seen that how the company has turned the fortunes both in top-line and 
bottom line. 
We were successfully able to reduce a part for Maruti for the E20 hoses, which is the product 
for the biofuel, which the government is planning 20% ethanol into fuel to reduce its imports 
of crude oil mine. We are one of the few companies in the country to have successfully 
commissioned this product, and we are supplying  this successfully to the Maruti since last 4 
months. Now this will only go up. Nippon Leakless is a very high EBITDA margin business, 
and the company has strong relationship with Honda and Hero Motor corporations. 
We're constantly working on increasing our exports from the current level of 25% to 35% over 
the next 3 to 4 years with focus coming from all our business lines to grow more and more 
export-oriented, obviously, with fulfilling all the requirements of the domestic OEs first, where 
we find the demand to be very, very strong. 
The trend towards sector vehicles is expanding and we've been strengthening our EV portfolio, 
we secured orders from leading OEMs, both domestically and globally in the EV space as 
well. We also have secured some orders from the nonautomotive segment, and this will help us 
hedge our revenue going forward. With continuous innovation in products like heat shields, 
strengthening EV portfolio, orders from  non-automotive segments, strong clients, and journey 
towards sustainability for manufacturing biofuel hoses for the E20 segment, we are very 
strong.  

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
We are very confident of achieving good growth in the near future. As informed, to the  
investor community recently, we plan to double our revenues and become INR2,200 crores 
company by the year FY '27. I think with all this, what we shared with you that being a 
segment player, being into every segment, being in export and very strong cost controls 
internally through our presidents of all divisions and focus on localizations, I feel that our 
margins should increase over 15% to 16% EBITDA by FY '27. Before I hand the call to Navin 
Juneja, our Group CFO, who will take us through the numbers, I'm very happy to announce 
that we are proud to have delivered a strong performance last year and even above that in 
quarter 4. Navin, over to you. 
Navin Juneja: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all the participants. Let me 
begin with the financial overview. Our total revenue for Q4 of FY '23 stood at INR177 crores 
as against INR150 crores, a growth of 18% on Y-o-Y basis. For FY '23, our revenue stood at 
INR653 crores as against INR585 crores, a growth of 12% on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA for Q4 
FY '23 stood at INR27  crores as against INR23 crores, a growth of 18% on Y-o-Y basis. And 
for FY '23, EBITDA stood at INR93 crores as against INR83 crores, a growth of 12% on a Y-
o-Y basis. EBITDA margins for Q4 of FY '23 stood at 15.2% and for FY '23 stood at 14.3%. 
PAT for Q4 FY '23 stood at INR17 crores as against INR13 crores, a growth of 34% on Y-o-Y 
basis and for FY '23, PAT stood at INR56 crores as against INR45 crores, a growth of 24% on 
a Y-o-Y basis. The Board of Directors have declared a final dividend of INR2 per share of face 
value of 10 each the  total dividend for FY '23 stood at INR3 per equity share for FY '23. In the 
gasket division including Nippon Leakless Talbros for Q4 of FY '23, our stand-alone gasket 
sales are INR119 crores as against INR102 crores in Q4 of FY '22, a growth of 17%. 
Total revenue of Nippon Leakless was INR8 crores in Q4 of FY '23 as compared to INR7 
crores in Q4 of '22, a growth of 8%. These numbers are our share of business of 40%. For FY 
'23, our standalone gasket was INR434 crores as against INR382 crores in FY '22, a growth of 
14%. Total revenue of Nippon Leakless was INR35 crores in FY '23 as compared to INR30 
crores in FY '22, a growth of 19%. Nippon Leakless numbers  reflect our share of business that 
is 40%  40%.. 
The segment saw a combined EBITDA of INR18.6 crores in Q4 of FY '23 versus INR16.4 
crores in Q4 FY '22, a growth of 13% for FY23  this segment saw a combined EBITDA of 
INR67.5 crores as against INR59.5 crores, a growth of 13%. Now coming to our forging 
division. The revenue of this division in Q4 of FY '23 reach grew by 23% to INR59 crores -- 
sorry, INR59 crores as against INR48 crores in Q4 of FY '22. In FY '23, revenue grew by 7% 
to INR219 crores as against INR204 crores in FY '22. 
As you are aware in the first 9 months, there was a shortage of chips, etc , logistic issues of a 
lot of Other issues,  demand of JLR came down. So now everything is falling in line, and we 
are back on track in this division. EBITDA in Q4 FY '23 grew from 9% to INR10 crores as 
against INR8 crores in Q4 of FY '22. In FY '23, EBITDA grew by 14% to INR34 crores as 
against INR30 crores in FY '22. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Now coming to Marelli Talbros Chassis Systems. Revenue for Q4 FY '23 stood at INR27 
crores versus INR25 crores in Q4 'FY22, registering a growth of 11% on a Y-o-Y basis for FY 
'23 revenue stood at INR105 crores versus INR82 crores, a growth of 27% on Y-o-Y basis, 
these numbers are our 50% share of business. For Q4 FY '23, EBITDA stood at INR3 crores as 
against INR2 crores in Q4 FY '22, a growth of 26% on a Y-o-Y basis. For FY of '23, EBITDA 
stood at INR11 crores as against INR8 crores in FY '22, a growth of 34% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Now coming to our large JV of Talbros Marugo Rubber Pvt Ltd. Revenues stood at INR14 
crores in Q4 of FY '23 versus INR9 crores in Q4 FY '22, registering a growth of 68% on Y-o-
Y basis. For FY '23, revenue stood at INR42 crores as against INR27 crores, a growth of 55% 
on Y-o-Y basis.  
Again, these numbers are our share of 50% only. For Q4 of FY '23, EBITDA stood at INR2 
crores as against INR1 crore in Q4 of FY '22, a growth of 148%. For FY '23, EBITDA stood at 
INR4 crores as against INR1 crore in FY '22, a growth of 109% on Y-o-Y basis. Looking 
ahead, we see various opportunities for sustained growth in the automotive industry. The 
company has made substantial investment in new technologies, expanding new capacities, 
diversified its  product portfolio, broadened its customer base, and have entered additional 
markets. 
Talbros is confident that these initiatives will drive long-term growth for our company and 
positioned to take advantage of future opportunity in the industry. That's all from my side, and 
I would now like to open the floor to question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Shikha Mehta from Equitree Capital. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Okay. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just had a few questions. One was , on our  
last cost call, you mentioned the agri segment  picking up in Italy, etc. So how is that shaping 
up for us now? And also how is orders looking overall? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Shikha, how are you? Yes, agri is doing good. We supply to Dana and Carraro from our 
forging division to the agri segment in Italy, is doing strong, is doing okay. The carmakers like 
BMW and Jaguar Land Rover are slightly, I will not say sluggish, but muted but looks okay. 
We are looking at a good quarter, good year ahead for our forging division also going forward. 
We are fine. And I think the onset of the new customer, JCB, which has come in, that will 
obviously add on a value and revenue to the company. So we are not at all bothered about that. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Okay. Great. And so if I remember, we had a small portion in the Wire Harness segment in our 
portfolio. Are we looking to grow that, or what is the strategy regarding that? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Yes, we are looking to grow that. In fact, as we speak, we are looking to -- we have 
approached another OEM in the US for the Wire Harness business. And also one potential 
OEM in the country, who is not currently using this technology is visiting us 1st week of June. 
So hopefully, things  will materialize. And also from Russia, we've already got the order of 
about INR10 crores-plus for this component for the local Russian market for engines. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Okay. And overall right now, what would be our exposure to wire harness? 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Anuj Talwar: 
Wire harness is about INR30 crores, INR40 crores per annum at the moment, but this will go 
to about INR65 crores, INR70 crores in the next two years. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, if you could also shed some light on freight and power cost for Q4? 
Navin Juneja: 
Freight and power cost. Yes. Freight has -- overseas freight has come down, okay? We 
enjoyed the benefit of that  thorough the last In forging divisions, basically overseas freight is 
higher because of the major exports are coming from there. And it has come down and from 
pre-COVID levels, and we enjoyed the benefit of cost during the last four months. But I think 
we have to reset the prices with  all the customers going forward. I think  it will be done in this 
quarter. 
And regards to the Power, I think power is already we are under control in power segment. 
And in future, we have in some plants we have put up , because in  NCR, we can't run in the 
summer, you can't run the DC sets on the diesel. We have converted our DC set to PNG. So we 
will be using PNG going forward for the DC sets. So it's under control. Power is not a major 
concern for us. 
Shikha Mehta: 
 
Okay, great. That's all from my side for now. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking the question. My question is that, in FY -- is on the EV side, right 
on in FY ‘27 also we're expecting maybe 10%, 12% to only come from EVs. So I just want to 
get your sense that, one, how do you see that evolving and from the gasket side, do you see 
growth continue keeping the heat shield business side? Do you still see growth over the next 
three, four years in your gasket division? 
Navin juneja: 
So coming to a question on the EV side, of course, we are expecting from 2% to around 12% 
on the double top line, around INR250 crores business we are expecting by FY ‘27, the growth 
drivers will be heat shield we are going to be getting the order for the heat shield to be treated 
in the EV. So that order we are already negotiating number one from that side. Plus on the 
battery, we are going to -- already got the order for some revised gasket on the battery, number 
two. 
On the forging front, we are already supplying for our BMW vehicles, Volvo, we're supply to 
Volvo for our EV vehicles, the products are going, we expect a good growth on this business 
going forward. Plus our joint venture MMT  which already got the very good order of Cradle 
from Tata Motors, the value of this business around INR32 crores. Plus already, we have got 
the order from Maruti for the EV vehicles. So that will also add to the key. Plus JLR, we have 
already got for the chassis  business order for their EV vehicles going forward. So all these as 
of today the picture looks like INR250 crores and I think the more we go forward the bigger 
should increase, it should not come down, it should increase further. That is the way we are 
going. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And if I just look at your gasket business and I think you spoke about this couple of 
calls back also. But when we look at the gasket business, what kind of products if today we 
assume like-to-like, ICE vehicle is replaced by EV, then your gasket and your forging, what 
products replace it as is like-to-like and just from a forging and what is its use for you? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Yes, forging has got no impact at all, number one. Not as chassis, not as rubber. In the gasket 
business line for us, if I even remove heat shield as your question you asked me, even in gasket 
-- because we are into commercial vehicles, into tractors, into agri, into off-roaders, into PV, 
so it will continues to grow. I'm not saying it de-grown the gasket business. No, I'm not. 
There's no like that I'll be suddenly tomorrow the world will be replaced by EV. We will 
continue to grow on gasket. In fact, the flip slide is  that there's so much consolidation 
happening in this segment that a lot of the gasket owners or piston owners or bearing owners 
globally are owned by funds and they're not bullish about it. So it's coming a lot to companies 
like us in India who are still not that large. We're still going to capture more business going 
forward. 
We have grown last year by 30-40% in that division  and going forward our vision is to double 
this turnover in the next four years. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And the last question, this INR1,000 crores that you mentioned, which are the orders 
that you've received, can you give some guideline in terms of how much is it for FY ‘24 out of 
that that you need to do? 
Anuj Talwar: 
I think you should divide it by INR150 crores to INR200 crores year-on-year. By the time it  
comes into production and cycle and SOPs and all. That should be the number. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. Got it. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divya Daga from Vijit Global Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Divya Daga: 
My first question is that can you provide a breakup of order book for this quarter as well as for 
the whole year? 
Management: 
Breakup for the order book? 
Divya Daga: 
Yes. The existing order book that the company have. 
Anuj Talwar: 
I think, this is there in the presentation we have uploaded, that all have the details of all the 
presentation. You can see the order book there on the page number two. It  is across  multiple 
segments, multiple products, multiple territories is already uploaded. You can look at from 
there, please. It's all detailed out there that how much is electric, how much is commercial 
vehicle, off-road vehicle, all that. 
Divya Daga: 
Yes. So is it a complete order book that we have -- you have given? 
Anuj Talwar: 
It's a new order. You can't give the existing order as we keep on repeating if we do we keep on 
getting. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Divya Daga: 
Okay. And my next question is that as I saw the PPT, I have noticed that capacity  utilization 
for FY '23 has fallen down a little bit, is there any specific reason? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Capacity has come down a little bit. Utilization? 
Divya Daga: 
Capacity utilization, especially for forging… 
Anuj Talwar: 
Yes, it happens in the last -- every year, in the third half and fourth half -- first quarter, we put 
up the new machines for the new financial year, in advance. A slight effect of that, nothing of 
that, please. Because if we are growing, we need to put the machines in advance for the next 
year. That is why it happens. 
Divya Daga: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
Sir, the question is about the outlook for on a more near-term basis. So I understand you've 
given your FY '27 targets about reaching -- doubling your revenues. So that is like roughly 
from this current stage, 20% CAGR will be growing for the next four years. But then let's say, 
you mentioned you want to gain more market share and then you mentioned the industry 
overall is going to grow at a certain percentage on a CAGR basis. So given all these things, 
and let's say the demand suddenly shoots up   way more than expected, are you in a position in 
the next one to two years to grow more than this 20%? 
Navin Juneja: 
Of course. Number one, these are the projections given on the basis of what we can foresee as 
of today, okay? And tomorrow Maruti double the production, of course, we will be growing 
that way. Tata Motors double its production as compared if we get huge demand comes up as 
volume increases, of course, we can deliver. This is the basis of this, we expect the industry to 
move out. If it is go -- it goes better, of course, why not. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. So you're definitely in position. So let's say, if there is a lot more demand than this 20% 
-- 25%... 
Anuj Talwar: 
I mean we're putting up a new plant. We're moving our rubber facilities to Bawal  now we 
have a larger plant there. We're looking at a potential plant in Gujarat in the near future, we're 
working on a case study with that. So that's always ongoing. We put up a brand-new center in 
Bawal  for machine, brand-new machine unit. And so we're all ready for that. It's not that I say, 
no, let's divert demand to somebody else. No. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. And the EBITDA margins also will move like in a stage like phase-wise manner from... 
Navin Juneja: 
You can see, now for the year we have had 14.2% or 14.3% whatever it is. Of course, the 
volume goes up, it will improve. But it can't jump from one year from 14% to 15%. It can't 
jump because there are cost escalation also. Everything is there. And so we will go up to 15-
16%  definitely. There is no way we can't go there. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Rahil Shah: 
But at least we can say that in this FY '24, it will at least maintain sustain and then any 
improvement it will be possible... 
Anuj Talwar: 
yes definitely 
Rahil Shah: 
All right, sir. That's it for now. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divya Daga from Vijit Global Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Divya Daga: 
My question is just what's the update on capacity expansion in forging division? 
Anuj Talwar: 
We are planning to invest approximately INR60 crores in forging division in next four years 
starting this year. So I think this year should be around INR18 crores to INR20 crores. 
Divya Daga: 
INR18 crores to INR20 crores. Is there any specific capacity that we will add in FY '24? 
Anuj Talwar: 
We are adding personal machining in a big way. In machining in the tool room and machining 
center, we are adding 30 machines, 40 machines, 50 machines in that, plus we are adding  
presses in the some other stuff in the four shops in this year only. That is our plan. 
Divya Daga: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nehal Jain from SK Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nehal Jain: 
Hello, hi. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Can you throw some light on the customer mix 
for this quarter? And have we added any new customers and what are our plans for increasing 
the market share? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Yes. Ma’am mentioned to you that we constantly adding customers. We've added a customer 
in North America from the marine/garden equipment company, we've added a customer in the 
off-highway construction in the U.K. We're adding in Japan, we're adding the customer. We're 
looking at adding Volvo. We've added Russia Kamaz . So there's a lot going on. So it's like a 
very long list. 
I mean I got over 100 customers, so difficult to pinpoint, but it's an ongoing process. Not only 
adding customers is actually increasing  the share of business with the customer, like, for 
example, if  Tata Motors is doing  let's say, INR1,000 a component. Now I'm doing with them  
INR400 a component, and looking to do INR600 a component. So that's how we keep looking 
at it. Not only vertically, but also horizontally. 
Nihal Jain: 
Got it, sir. And also,  who are our top customers in the gasket and forging business like how 
muchdo our top five or top 10 contribute to this business. 
Anuj Talwar: 
For the gasket, forging or for the group? 
Nihal Jain: 
 For gasket and forging? 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Navin Juneja: 
Gasket top customers are Bajaj Auto, Tata Cummins, Tata Motors, VE Commercial, Hero 
MotoCorp, John Deere, Jaguar Land Rover, these are top customers. And in the forging our 
top customers are BMW, Dana Italy, Jaguar Land Rover, GKN Driveline, Carraro, Dana again 
India, these are my top customers. 
Nihal Jain: 
Okay. Noted, sir. And so how much are these the contributing to the business like, for 
example, how much are the top five contributing to the business? 
Anuj Talwar: 
To the business or the division. 
Nihal Jain: 
Division. 
Navin Juneja: 
I've not taken the percentage, but you can calculate. With Bajaj Auto we did a business of 
INR67 crores. And Tata Cummins, we did business of INR63 crores, Tata Motors INR26 
crores, VE, INR43 crores, Hero MotoCorp around INR17 crores, John Deere, INR15 crores, 
Jaguar INR14 crores. And then forging, we did a business around INR42 crores with BMW, 
Dana, INR41 Jaguar Land Rover INR26 crores, GKN Driveline Italy is INR19 crores, Carraro 
Italy INR16 crores, that is our number. 
Nihal Jain: 
Okay. Noted, sir. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Tophill Investment. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, I have two questions. First is, how do we see the overall demand scenario panning out? 
And also, we are focusing on exports and increasing its contribution over the past  5 years. 
And what is its future growth prospects. Can you elaborate on the same?  
Navin Juneja: 
Yes, I can do that. First of all, I must say that the demand is good in this quarter, okay, it's 
better than the first quarter of last year, number one. And secondly, export demand is good. 
And how we are going to -- we are adding more customers has just added -- Anuj has 
explained we added a customer in forging division in U.K. 
But just the development has started. I think that is a very big business of INR150 crores in the 
next 4 years on that business. Plus we are adding, talking to a new customer in the U.S. also in 
forging division in a big way. So that demand will be there. BMW is giving us new parts, the 
production, new generation parts of our EV vehicle, the production will start from next 
financial year. 
So in Marelli, also, they are looking for new businesses with JLR Plus, they're talking to their 
partners, got some buyback that is also going on. So these are the major plus gasket and heat 
shield also we are getting very good traction from the overseas customer as Anuj told you from 
Japan, from U.S. and from Russia. So we don't think so any problem in growing our -- we 
foresee that with these order books and with the  traction going on, I think we are able to 
achieve our target about 30% of our growth -- total business being exported from existing  
25%. These are the broad businesses we are talking about. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, sir. Second question that since we are also expanding in our non-auto space segment, 
and we have also been receiving orders for the same . Can you tell us about the growth 
opportunity in this space? 
Navin Juneja: 
These numbers are not very big. We are small, but it's a start. Let's see we started with 
Kawasaki I think that, that business will also which is at around INR10 crores that business 
will go further because we are talking about Kawasaki in  Japan for that business. That will not 
be a very huge  business but that would be GE, for example, JCB etc, it should be over 2,000 
business. It should be around 10% of that. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, sir. It was very helpful, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Shah from AK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jigar Shah: 
Can you discuss Q4 and FY '23 performance across all segments, 2-wheeler, passenger vehicle 
and other segments? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Sorry, we can't hear you. 
Jigar Shah: 
Can you please discuss the Q4 and FY '23 performance across all segments, 2-wheeler, 
passenger vehicles and other segments? 
Navin Juneja: 
Do you want performance for division wise or for the company as a whole? 
Jigar Shah: 
Division wise. 
Navin Juneja: 
Division wise. Give me a second, please. Yes. In the domestic business -- let me bring out the 
numbers. Yes. In the gasket and heat shield  business,  of 29% is 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler, 
passenger vehicles 2%, HCV is 30%, LCV 17%, agri off-road 12% other 7%, okay? Now 
coming to my forging business, yes, forging business  2- and 3-wheeler, 7%, 42% passenger 
vehicle, 26% agri and 60% others. 
Now coming to other division. Other division Nippon Leakless Talbros 95.5% is 2, 3-
wheelers, 2% passenger vehicles, and 2% others. Now coming to Magneti Marelli chassis 
business, passenger vehicle 91.4%, others 8.6%. Lastly the Marugo Rubber, my passenger 
vehicle 64.7%, LCV 11.3%, others 24%. 
Jigar Shah: 
My second question is, like, can you please discuss about JV performance during the quarter 
and since JVs are at an infection point today and they are a major growth prospect. So can you 
discuss on the same? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Joint ventures are doing extremely well. If you look at Talbros Marugo, I just mentioned to 
you that they have got the order for the biofuel hoses, which the government in India has 
initiated. So these are very strong products with higher revenue content from the earlier hoses 
so that's going to keep going up as in more vehicle a pretty good Maruti Suzuki. In the Marelli 
joint venture, we do a lot of components for Tata Motors and Maruti for suspension, chassis, 
and electric EV motor drive frames where again, the car front end is going up to a higher level, 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
like INR3,000, INR4,000. So that we induce a number of vehicles sold, you'll see growth out 
there. 
We've also got exports in Marelli joint venture, which is happening, especially in all the E 
drive case of Jaguar Land Rover going forward. And Nippon Leakless joint venture is doing 
well with a high container localization of components and with the 2-wheeler segment again 
picked up. That is the reason that they want to grow. 
We are expecting in the next 4 years, we have given the projection also in next 4 years we 
expect  Magneti Marelli turnover should go up from last year turnover of INR210 crores  goes 
to around INR700 crores in the next 4 years, my EBITDA margin in that business,  which is 
around 10.5% to go up to 14%. 
Similarly, my Marugo division should also grow exponentially from currently around 85 to 
around INR190 crores to INR200 crores in next 4 years with EBITDA margin, again, moving 
up from existing 7%-8% to 12%-13%. These are our potentials for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prachi Sharma from ACE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, I just have a few questions. If you could answer 
what was the capacity utilization across all segments? 
Navin Juneja: 
It is for the year it was around 85% in the Gasket  division, 77% of forging division, Nippon 
Leakless 55%, Magneti Marelli 73%, my Marugo Rubber Anti-vibration 85%, hoses 80%. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And sir, do we have any capacity expansion planned for the next year? 
Navin Juneja: 
Yes. Already, we have done that. I think we are in the process of expanding our capacity to 
take care of our demand for the third and fourth quarter. Already 6 months we have assured. 
We are adding more machines. And in various segments, various sectors, wherever we feel this 
gap. 
And on the forging side, we are adding four machining because a lot of demand from machine 
component of the JCB is coming. We are adding more machining and I think that will 
beCompleted in next 6 months and that will  take care of demand of JCB. And Magneti 
Marelli of course, we are excited for the cradle  business and for that we are expanding our 
capacity in Pune this year. In Marugo we added the major capacity expansion in the last 
quarter, which will take care of our next year more or less that is complete. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, what kind of revenue are we expecting from this expansion? 
Navin Juneja: 
Of course, we are looking at a 15%, 20% growth this year. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, just my last question. 
Navin Juneja: 
Alltogether. 

Talbros Automotive Components Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Prachi Sharma: 
Yes. Got it. Got it. So just the last question. What was the growth in EBITDA and PAT on 
account of better efficiency? 
Anuj Talwar: 
Mam it’s very difficult to calculate they are all put together.  Its because of the good product 
mix, exports, controls, localization etc.. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Anuj Talwar: 
Thank you so much for being on the call. We are pretty bullish about our company. We're 
pretty bullish about being a hedge automobile component manufacturing supplier to global 
OEMs and domestic OEMs, and we're looking at a good performance in the coming years. 
And we thank you for your patronage. Thank you. 
Navin Juneja: 
Thank you. 
Anuj Talwar: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Talbros Automotive Components 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
