                                                                                         
 
 
 
Date: 21st August, 2023 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Department of Corporate services 
Phirojee Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051   
 
Scrip Code: 500136 
Symbol: ESTER 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on 17th August 2023  
Dear Sir, 
In continuation of our letter dated 17th August, 2023 regarding Audio recording of Earnings Call 
for Investors and Analysts and pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of schedule III of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
the said Earnings call is enclosed herewith and is also available on the website of the company at 
the following link- 
https://www.esterindustries.com/node/1124  
Please take the same on your records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully,  
For Ester Industries Limited                                                                      
 
             
Poornima Gupta 
  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
Poornima 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Poornima Gupta 
DN: c=IN, st=Haryana, 
2.5.4.20=38c4bf26825c8505114f5ee4c368efc175d4ee
82bed50bc860fd01f63c88fa79, postalCode=133201, 
street=Barara,Barara,Barara,Ambala, 
pseudonym=7f1e6e8adad4f809d884b8dec6b4a008, 
serialNumber=8baeab600418795b857a7b0ce2af97ed
0996f1597e4e4f2a11f7f7a78812ef3b, title=0795, 
o=Personal, cn=Poornima Gupta 
Date: 2023.08.21 17:09:24 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
Ester Industries Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 17, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ester Industries Limited Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone and a warm welcome to Ester Industries Q1 FY24 
Analyst and Investor Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Sourabh Agarwal 
- CFO and Mr. Girish Behal - Business Head. We will begin this call with opening 
remarks from the management, following which we will have the floor open for an 
interactive Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a note to this effect was sent to 
you in the invite earlier. We trust you have had a chance to go through the documents 
on financial performance. 
I would now like to invite Sourabh Agarwal for opening remarks. Over to you, 
Sourabh. 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Thank you, Gavin, and thank you everyone for joining us today. I have alongside 
with me Mr. Girish Behal – Business Head of Ester Industries. I will briefly talk about 
the key business highlights post which I will walk you through our financial 
performance.  
The overall business environment for both Films and Specialty Polymer remains 
challenging. Our quarterly performance is reflective of the stress prevailing across 
both the businesses. We have seen similar subdued performance reported by our 
peers as well for the quarter. Film business as we have been highlighting has seen 
sharp addition on the supply side following commissioning of new capacities which 
in turn has had an adverse impact on the realizations and profitability. As far as 
Specialty Polymers is concerned, that business as we have been articulating is 
largely IP protected and as such is not subject to any competitive risk. The primary 

 
Page 2 of 7 
reason for the slowdown in Specialty Polymer business has been the recessionary 
worries in the US economy, which in turn is percolating into slow demand.    
Let me start with the headline numbers, on a standalone basis our revenues for the 
quarter stood at Rs.206 crore, with EBITDA of Rs.13 crore and loss for the quarter 
was Rs. 5 crores. The soft performance as mentioned earlier is reflective of the on-
ground challenges both our businesses are grappling with – Film business as we 
have indicated in our earlier calls is witnessing higher supply following 
commissioning of new capacities. This coupled with muted demand in export 
markets has had an adverse impact on the realizations. Specialty Polymer business 
performance was impacted by recessionary concerns prevailing in US economy, 
major market for the business.  
Moving on to individual businesses now, starting with Specialty Polymer – our 
performance for the quarter was largely on expected lines given the recessionary 
worries prevailing across US economy, the key market for the business. We have 
seen lower product off-take not only for our newly launched products but even our 
marquee products i.e. MB03 and Innovative PBT witnessed lower sales for the 
quarter. To quantify, Innovative PBT volumes during the quarter stood at 79 MT as 
against 485 MT, while the same for MB03 stood at 247 MT as against 403 MT. I 
would just like to reiterate that the sales moderation has nothing to do with 
competitive intensity given that most of our products are IP protected. As we 
mentioned in our Q4FY23 earnings call, we expect offtake to continue to be slow for 
the next couple of quarters, before reviving. Despite, the external challenges we 
remain committed towards leveraging our R&D capabilities and introducing newer 
and exciting products. We remain optimistic about the business’ prospects over the 
medium to long term and are confident of tiding over the near-term challenges.   
Moving on to our Film business, as we have been repeating in our earlier 
interactions, we have seen excess supply entering the market following 
commissioning of new units in bunches. While the demand is progressing at a steady 
pace, the supply has outgrown the demand which in turn has had a cascading effect 
on the realizations & margins. This coupled with muted demand in exports markets 
has further aggravated the profitability. Our overall volumes for the quarter stood at 
18,221 MT comprising of 12,461 MT on a standalone basis and 5760 MT at our 
subsidiary level. The volumes would have been higher but for the plant shutdown 
undertaken during the quarter.While we expect the business to operate in a 
challenging environment in near term, we remain focused on our attempts towards 
lowering cost, enhancing efficiencies and improving our product mix by increasing 
the share of value-added products. We have invested in an off-line coater to increase 
the share of value-added products, which is expected to be commissioned soon. 
Build-up of volume from new coater will be achieved gradually and continuously. We 
are also working on new products that will enable us to improve profitability despite 
adverse market scenario. We believe such efforts will help us to deliver stable and 
profitable performance in the long term.  
Let me now quickly walk you through our financial performance post which we can 
commence the Q&A session. 
Starting with the revenues, on a standalone level, the same stood at Rs.206 crore 
as against Rs. 402 crore in corresponding quarter last year, lower by 49%. The 
reason for the de-growth pertains to non – availability of sales of Engineering Plastics 
as SBU was divested on 15th Sept 2022 (Rs. 78 Crore), the excess supply in the 
Films business and recessionary worries in US, the key market for our Specialty 
Polymer business. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 13 crore as against Rs.73 
crore generated in Q1FY23, lower by 82%. EBIT contributed by Engineering Plastics 
SBU was Rs.11 Crores during Q1FY23. Lower margins in Film business coupled 
with adverse product mix for the quarter in Specialty Polymer business led to lower 

 
Page 3 of 7 
profitability and margins for the quarter. Loss for the quarter stood at Rs. 5 crores as 
against profit of Rs. 42 crores garnered in Q1FY23. Lower off-take coupled with 
weaker realizations / margins resulted in loss for the quarter. 
Moving on to the performance of Ester Filmtech Limited our wholly owned subsidiary, 
revenues for the same stood at Rs. 64 crore with EBITDA loss of Rs. 3 crore for the 
quarter. As most of you must be aware, Ester Filmtech started its commercial 
operations during the last quarter wherein its registered revenues worth Rs. 49 
crores with EBITDA loss of Rs. 10 crore. In terms of volumes, Q1FY24 generated 
5,760 MT as against 4757 MT volumes generated in previous quarter. Volumes for 
Q1FY24 could have been even higher but for the plant shutdown we had to take 
during the quarter. EBITDA losses are largely owing to lower utilization level and the 
stress in the films business prevailing currently that has impacted margins. With time 
we are confident that Ester Filmtech will contribute positively to the overall growth of 
the business as the capacity utilization improves. As mentioned previously, the plant 
is expected to generate revenues worth approximately Rs.500 crore upon achieving 
optimal utilization.  
It is important to mention that despite losses, EIL has liquidity in the form of 
investments in safe liquid financial instruments amounting to Rs.  142 Crore. As a 
result, net interest-bearing debt in the balance sheet of EIL as on 30th June 2023 is 
Rs. 209 Crore.  
To conclude, I would just like to reiterate that, while the near-term outlook for both 
our businesses remain challenging, we remain optimistic and confident of tiding over 
the hurdles and scaling them to their true potential in the medium to long term.   
That concludes my opening remarks, we can now commence the Q&A session. 
Now, we can commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have our first question from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from 
Dolat Capital.  
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sir my first question is on the plant shutdown, what was the reason for the shutdown? 
Was it a maintenance shutdown? And if you can quantify the volume impact that you 
had because of the shutdown? 
Girish Behal: 
So this particular plant of our new investment in Telangana, which was 
commissioned in January and these kind of plant in the initial period have got certain 
stabilization period, so whatever the shutdown that we have ever had relating to the 
plant stabilization requirement, I think Sourabh has already mentioned the kind of 
volume that we have done in the last quarter. So that is a reflection of the volume 
loss of what we have got because this plant has a full-scale capacity when it runs to 
the full potential about 48,000 tons and we have I think done about 5,800 tons 
approximately volume in this quarter. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
My next question is on the Specialty Polymers, so there you have seen that it has 
been highly volatile in recent years, so what would explain the inconsistency there? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Our primary market for Specialty Polymers is the US, so right now if you look, we are 
going through a recessionary phase in the US because of which our offtake for 
Specialty Polymers has taken a dip. As soon as the recessionary pressure in the US 
improves and there is a recovery in the market, we expect that our sale is also going 
to go up. 

 
Page 4 of 7 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company.   
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly, if you could give us the utilization level for our plant at Uttarakhand? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
I think we have already shared the numbers in terms of production, EFL utilization 
was around 50% and Ester Industries’ utilization was around 90%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
90% you mentioned, right? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Currently what should be the utilization levels for this September quarter? We are 
already two-third into it? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
For Ester Industries, we are expecting utilization to be above 90% and for our Ester 
Filmtech, we are expecting utilization anywhere between 50% to 70%, but obviously 
that is also dependent on many factors which is both external as well as internal. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir how have the raw material prices shaped up for the last quarter? And what is the 
trend currently, if you could give me breakup of the mix also? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Raw material prices have been remaining in range-bound manner. We have not seen 
much movement in the raw material prices. 
Saket Kapoor: 
How has our realization shaped up and the margins for the Film for this quarter? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
As we have explained and if you see the segmental performance also our margins 
for Film business is around less than 2% for the quarter, which is just ended and in 
Specialty business, our margins was around 30%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Is the raw material mix that you provided us, then you mentioned about the debt 
number also, sir on a consolidated, what is our long-term debt and the working capital 
requirement and the cost of funds? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
We will give you total debt number, as on date our total debt is Rs. 650 crore 
approximately adjusted for our investment and our weighted average cost of 
borrowing in Ester Filmtech is roughly around 7% and in Ester Industries is roughly 
around 9%. But you will appreciate that these interest rates keep changing as far as 
there is a change in RBI policy. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What are the current year maturities? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
In the current year, the total debt repayment is around Rs. 100 crore, out of which 
we have already repaid around the Rs. 52 crore. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for the new facility at Telangana, do we have any moratorium, or we will be 
repaying the debt from this year itself? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
So the numbers which I gave you were combined, the Rs. 100 crore repayment 
schedule includes Telangana also and the actual repayment is around Rs. 52 crore 
which I mentioned including Telangana also. Yes, there was a moratorium in the 
loans that we have taken for Telangana facility, but the business has already 
commenced operations, so the moratorium period is almost over and now the 
repayments are going to start, as we have already made our first repayment as in 
30th June of 2023. 

 
Page 5 of 7 
Saket Kapoor: 
At the net level, it is Rs. 660 crore for the consolidated entity? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Yes, Rs. 650 crore consolidated including your working capital. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Can you provide another mix for the raw materials price trends? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
See the raw material prices increase has almost remained in range bound manner. 
So price trend as I mentioned, it is in a range bound manner, it will be very difficult 
for me to quote any number here, but all I can say is that there is not much movement 
in the price between January to July. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Earlier sir, it was the raw material mix that used to also define the trends for your 
realizations, if there was an increase in the raw material, it was a pass on to your 
customers and you realizations were maintained, but now do you think because of 
this over capacity or the new facilities coming online and it is taking time to get 
adjusted with the demand, do you think the realizations will remain under pressure 
even though the raw material prices have now normalized or are in a narrow brand? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Yes, we feel that it will remain under pressure and the major reason for this is that 
there is excess supply in the market compared to the demand which is leading to 
this price pressure. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir the value-added parts that you were mentioning something I missed your opening 
remarks in the valued added segment, what is the percentage of sales we have done 
for this quarter, last financial year and what should we end this year with? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
So in terms of value-added, in June quarter, we have done around 28% and if you 
mention about FY23, the value-added percentage is 22% and overall, we are 
targeting to remain in this area 20% to 30% on an overall basis for the full year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I missed your last point, your voice got muffled. What is the year-end target you have 
mentioned? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
28% to 30%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The last point is, the Telangana facility has differentiated product than the one we 
have at Ester at Uttarakhand unit? Or the product lines are different for them? We 
are catering to different segments for the Telangana facility or are they aligned to 
similar product? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
They are aligned to similar product, but the only difference between Telangana and 
our Khatima Plant is that in Khatima we have a higher mix of value-added product, 
while in case of Telangana the facility is more focused towards commodity product 
and the only value-addition that we have is that we have a metallizer. But going 
forward in market the demand increase, we may look at options for enhancing the 
product mix with Telangana also. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And one more point on the Specialty Polymer segment, sir, last quarter when we 
were addressing the investors, I think you correct me there, we were not looking at 
these kinds of volumes for this quarter, we were optimistic, so where is the trouble 
coming? And for the coming quarter, what kind of volumes are deliverables as 
scheduled? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
As a business, we are always optimistic and we always believe that the market is 
going to recover. However, optimism may not be 100% converted into reality, so 
when we close our March quarter we are very optimistic about our Specialty Films in 

 
Page 6 of 7 
the June quarter 1 of FY24, but the things did not turn out as per our expectation. 
However, we are hopeful that we are going to achieve maybe an approximate 
turnover from Rs. 200 crore on our Specialty Polymer in FY23-24 that is subject to 
recovery in the US, which we mentioned because US is our major country and our 
primary customer for this product. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Is your understanding that the second quarter will be in line with what the first quarter 
has been, in the same the volume offtakes will be similar? Or do we see any 
improvement meaningful one? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
See again, it depends on lot of factors, and it also depends on a lot on market 
because the fundamental premise here is the supply demand gap, which is 
completely market driven. So while we are optimistic about second quarter, it is very 
difficult for me to give you any direction on the same. However, we believe that it will 
be marginally better than the quarter 1. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And a small suggestion, sir when we are submitting our results on the exchanges, 
we must take note of the PDF files and the quality of print also for investors have a 
look themselves at the submission there? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Yes, it is a common problem that you face and the major reason for this is that there 
signature is required from the auditor as well as the Chairman and there is a very 
minimum amount of time during which we need to do the filing, so because of double 
or triple scanning, the quality of the print is not good, but we have taken note of your 
point and we will try to ensure that you have a better quality of print, which is available 
and the numbers are clearly visible. Having said that, if you want a specific 
requirement, you can always reach out to us. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We request also Mr. Rustagi and Mr. Singhania, any one of them to definitely be 
present on the call going forward. 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Yes, Mr. Rustagi was supposed to take this call, but unfortunately, he is not well 
today and actually going under some treatment because of which he could not attend 
the call today and next quarter he will take this call. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir, for the reply and we hope that things do take a positive turn and for 
plant visit and all we will make the request to the IR team, sir? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
Yes, you can reach out to our Secretarial team, or you can reach out to the IR team 
and you will be do that. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Madan.   
Madan: 
My question is what would be the revenue target of our company in next 2 years? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
The revenue target of the company for next 2 years? 
Madan: 
Yes. 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
It is very difficult for me to give you any number at this point of time in terms of 
revenue target for the next two years. However, it will all depend on the final 
realization which we are going to get in our end product as well as the cost of raw 
material, so right now you can safely assume that it will be in line with our past 
performance, but giving out any number at this point in time will be very difficult. 

 
Page 7 of 7 
Madan: 
Next question, when will be the Telangana plant we can use full capacity, are you 
full utilization in this quarter? 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
So, Telangana plant utilization, it is under ramp up phase as Girish has mentioned 
in the previous question that was asked. And as you are aware that whenever we 
are starting a new facility, there are some teething issues which come at the 
beginning. However, we are hopeful that by the end of this year we will be able to 
ramp up to our full capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sourabh Agarwal: 
So I would like to thank all the participants for joining today and I hope we were able 
to answer all your questions and we look forward to meet you again in the Earnings 
call for the second quarter. Thank you so much. Thanks everyone. 
  
