JFL/NSE-BSE/2023-24/ 46 
   July 31, 2023 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 533155 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: JUBLFOOD 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Ref:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors 
held on July 25, 2023, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for Q1 FY24, 
which 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.jubilantfoodworks.com/investors-financial-information . 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
For Jubilant FoodWorks Limited 
Mona Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Investor E-mail id: investor@jublfood.com 
   Encl: A/a 
MONA 
AGGA
RWAL
Digitally signed 
by MONA 
AGGARWAL 
Date: 
2023.07.31 
17:48:21 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
 
July 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jubilant FoodWorks Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Jajodia, thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jajodia: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Jubilant FoodWorks Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Call for Investors and Analysts. We are joined today by senior members of the 
management team, including our Chairman, Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia our Co-
Chairman, Mr. Hari S. Bhartia; and our CEO, Mr. Sameer Khetarpal; and our CFO, 
Mr. Ashish Goenka. 
We will commence with key thoughts from Mr. Hari Bhartia. We will then turn to our 
CEO to share his perspective. After the prepared remarks from the management, 
the forum will be open for the question-and-answer session. 
A cautionary note, some of the statements made on today's call could be forward-
looking in nature, and the actual results could vary from the statement. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in Jubilant FoodWorks earning documents. We 
will share the replay of the call on the company's website under the Investor 
Relations section. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Hari Bhartia to share his views with you. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Hari Bhartia: 
Thank you, Thank you, Deepak, and Good Evening, everyone. Welcome to our 
earnings call. 
We held our first quarter Board Meeting in Bengaluru today, which is incidentally the 
city with biggest Domino’s network in India, first city within Domino’s ecosystem 
globally to offer 20-minute delivery promise, city where we launched our first 
Popeyes restaurant and will also soon become the city to house our biggest 
commissary with regards to capacity, investments and technological advancement. 
Turning to our commentary on results, we continue to focus on providing value to 
our customer and drive order led growth. The quarter saw healthy order led growth 
and with concerted efforts we have been able to stem the decline in ticket on a 
sequential basis.  

3 
 
 
On the cost side, lapping up a higher base, while the prices for key ingredients 
remain elevated, the sequential price increase has halted. Cheese prices remain 
high and the recent spike in vegetable prices does pose near terms risks. 
In such conditions, we are focused on driving efficiency and cost savings across 
lines and leverage on our strengths. Thanks to our unique commissary-based 
sourcing and supply chain strength, we are able to offer superlative value to 
consumers at industry-leading margins. This also helped us in ensuring 
uninterrupted service to our customers despite supply tightness in some vegetables 
recently.  
We have also stepped up the intensity of new product introductions across the price 
spectrum. We recently launched the spicy pizza range of new pizzas starting at an 
affordable price point of Rs. 179. 
As shared in the previous calls, we will continue to invest for future growth. Though 
we made a slow start in store network expansion, we remain committed on the full-
year guidance for both Domino’s and Popeyes. Our state-of-the-art multi-brand 
commissary in Bengaluru will commence production in August. At full capacity, it 
would be able to serve 750+ stores.  
We are delighted and equally humbled by the unprecedented response received 
from our loyalty program – Domino’s Cheesy Rewards. Thanks to our deep 
commitment to constantly identifying ways to offer more value to our customers, 
incredible brand trust and service satisfaction, we now have more than 16.8 million 
enrolled members, and their order contribution reached 48% in June ’23. This is an 
incredible testament to the strength of our operations and tech ecosystem to come 
together and champion the initiative to reward loyal members.  
We remain fully committed in our relentless pursuit to raise the consumer service 
bar, look inwards to improve our systems and processes and work to ensure that we 
emerge stronger from the current rough patch.  
With that, I now request Sameer to share the performance highlights and progress 
on our initiatives with you.  
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thank you, Thank you, Mr. Bhartia, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for 
joining the call today. 
We reported revenue of Rs. 13.1 billion, up by 4.6% QoQ and 5.6% YoY. Our 
strategy of  customer and market first, technology forward and operationally 
excellent is beginning to yield results. ADS for mature stores grew by 2.7%, we 

4 
 
 
arrested the decline in ticket size, app-installs, loyalty enrolments led to growth in 
delivery channel sales by 8.4%, and we executed efficiently to improve EBITDA 
margin by 97 basis points sequentially. Despite key input costs holding up, our gross 
margin at 76.0% expanded by 75 bps sequentially. The EBITDA margin at 21.1% 
increased by 97 bps sequentially. Our PAT margin came in at 5.7%. Popeyes in the 
last 4 months have expanded to five cities in Southern India and we continue to get 
love of customers, indicated by the long queues, when we open a new store. I 
continue to stay bullish on the growth opportunity that QSR industry presents.  
Let me now share updates from the lens of our key priorities. 
First being Customer and Market first. 
In Domino’s, we heard our customers and plugged a key portfolio gap with the 
launch of spicy pizza range of four new pizzas. The entry price point for this range 
is kept at Rs. 179. For context, our pizza mania range starts at Rs 49 and extends 
up to Rs. 169 with its 13 offerings. This also helped in improving ticket size. 
Refreshed pizza mania range is a big success. It is an important reason for driving 
volume growth and and is a hook to recruit new customers from the unorganized 
segment. Thanks to our unique commissary based sourcing model, which offers  
quality products at low prices without diluting gross margins. 
We are an omni-channel company – we registered highest ever in-stadium sales 
during IPL matches, and serving customers on an moving train. Our network of 
1800+ stores allows us to bolt multiple channels.  
We opened 23 Domino’s stores in the current quarter and entered one new city 
taking our Domino’s India network to 1,838 stores across 394 cities. We are not 
revising the network guidance of 200-225 stores and remain committed to expand 
our network as per our guidance. 
In Popeyes, we added four new restaurants and entered two new cities – Manipal 
and Coimbatore during the quarter. Popeyes is now also available for order on both 
aggregators – Swiggy and Zomato - in addition to our own assets. This has resulted 
in higher share of delivery orders. In July, we also entered Hyderabad – our fifth city. 
We are humbled with the response received by Popeyes and are working towards 
opening 30-35 restaurants this year.  
In Dunkin’, as you aware, coffee consumption is on the rise. We introduced two new 
international flavors and opened one new restaurant. We now have nine coffee-first 
stores, that are building a habit in their trade-area.   

5 
 
 
In Hong’s Kitchen, we continue to see robust growth in revenue with order and ticket 
led growth. Customers are loving the offerings from Indian-styled Chinese. We 
added two new stores in Delhi during the quarter taking the tally to 15 stores across 
three cities.   
Turning to international operations, In Sri Lanka, the system sales growth was 13.1% 
and the Company opened two new stores taking the network strength to 50 stores. 
The Company introduced Domino’s Roasties – stuffed roasted bread with the 
delightful local Sri Lankan twist. In Bangladesh, system sales grew by 69.6% and 
the network expanded to 20 stores. The Company introduced Choco Breadstick. 
Our second set of priorities relates to Data and Technology Forward. 
The consumer engagement levels across different metrics continue to remain 
elevated. The cumulative enrolment in Domino’s Cheesy Rewards grew by 23.5% 
q-o-q to 16.8 million. The cohorts of users in low, medium and high frequency 
increased significantly. The quarterly app downloads scaled a record high of 10.0 
million and MAU(App) came in at 10.3 million. 
With the launch of a new, redesigned UX for our Domino’s India app, consumers get 
an immersive experience leading to higher conversion.   
The launch of re-order widget this quarter is meant for users whose primary 
determinant of a great pre-order experience is to quickly order their favourite 
customized order. She is a user who prioritizes speed of order over the application 
of some discount coupons. This improves conversion and drives frequency. 
There is clearly more work to do to fully service the demand potential of our stores. 
During the quarter, we analysed app open signals to decipher the demand 
emanating from unserviceable areas. We optimized the delivery coverage area 
which resulted in capturing higher demand from the existing network while upholding 
the high service levels.  
Our third priority is to continue driving Operational Excellence. 
Regardless of when the externalities in the demand environment will become a tail-
wind, we are looking inwards and constantly trying to further enhance all areas of 
our operations.  
During the quarter, we launched several efficiency enhancement programs aimed 
at process simplification and productivity improvement. Christened, as Project Vijay, 
we have made this an organization-wide program and seeing more ideas come in, 

6 
 
 
every-day.  
We dialled up sourcing efficiency, efforts to localize ingredients and are working to 
develop alternate vendors resulting in improved cost base without impacting the 
quality of ingredients.  
New stores opened across brands, saw material improvement in month-1 sales, as 
we implemented a local marketing playbook.  
Our fourth priority, essentially a pre-requisite for delivering on the first three 
priorities, is the foundation of people and culture. 
One of the key actionable in this area was to control inordinately high attrition 
amongst the frontline teams, led to positive outcomes.. A series of targeted 
interventions has helped us stem the sequential attrition trend. During the quarter, 
we launched defined career progression tracks for our frontline teams with an intent 
to codify various growth opportunities.  
We also stepped up our focus on Diversity, Equity & Inclusion agenda as a means 
to further strengthen our foundation of people and culture. We now have 55 all 
women stores.  
With that, now let me turn to the moderator to initiate the question-and-answer 
session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from 
Jefferies. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
A few questions. First is on the dine-in side, the revenues were flat in this quarter. 
What exactly is your assessment or why there is a quite a bit of a differential between 
delivery and dine-in, what explains that in your view? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Hi Vivek. I think there's no specific underlying reasons. We want to improve our dine-
in experience. We want to grow that. A lot of efforts are being on. We did see a little 
bit of a slowdown and slower footfalls in our mall stores. But I would again focus on 
our internal paths forward. We do see order-led growth, like I mentioned, we have 
arrested the ticket decline. We are improving the store experience, as mentioned in 
our presentation. We do see order growth even in our dine-in. 
Moderator: 
We will proceed to the next question from the line of Amit Sachdeva from HSBC. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Sameer, my first question is on 20-minute delivery. As you talked about in 

7 
 
 
Bangalore, this -- the 20-minute delivery was implemented quite ubiquitously, if I 
may say. And what has been the experience in Bangalore where it's fully 
implemented? And could you give us a path of how it is being rolled out in other 
markets? 
What would be the scope of it now that you have sort of done the full city and how -
- what time frame you're looking at? And what sort of impact it is already having if 
you can share some experience of that, that would be quite useful. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Great question, Amit. Like I mentioned, this is a big differentiator, delivering under 
20 minutes consistently. We've seen the like-for-like growth to be higher wherever 
we do it consistently. Bangalore continues to see higher levels of order-led growth 
versus other cities. And therefore, it is also reflecting in our higher growth in the 
delivery channel. This is one of the reasons why we continue to excel in delivery. 
And that's the reason why it is growing faster than dine-in. 
In terms of expansion, Amit, like I said, safety first and then everything comes later. 
We realize that we have to add more stores, and we're finding more and more wide 
pockets of the city as the city is expanding. And 60% of the orders, like I said, in the 
rest of the country continue to be less than 20 minutes, and that's why we have 
higher repeat rates. So internally, we have taken a target to expand to more number 
of cities before in Q3 after the rainy season ends. As we expand more stores, make 
sure we have the right coverage in the other cities, Bangalore has been a very 
positive surprise for us. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Okay. Great. So possibly, as we approach the second half, where Q3 comes in post 
rain, you probably would see slightly more pervasive impact of delivery for at least 
helping you with like-for-like growth. Is this a fair expectation one can build on that 
sort of delivery initiative? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think we also, during rains, we also see a positive impact because we've 
strengthened our delivery infrastructure. As the rider availability comes down, we 
are now better geared to manage rains. And part of the reason is we were focusing 
on 20-minute delivery. It makes the overall system a lot healthier. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. No, that's very helpful for me. My second question is on Popeyes. Clearly, 
when I hear your commentary and that Popeyes is giving you very positive 
responses where you are opening and it seems that product market fit is fully 
achieved customer is, at least from the face of which is liking it, you also have a 
reasonable agenda for network rollout, 35 stores you're going to be opening this 
year. So my question is that what is the minimum number of stores there that you 

8 
 
 
will feel comfortable sharing the Popeyes revenue and contribution margin etcetera 
separately from the overall numbers. And how has been the past quarter for 
Popeyes stores, if you can -- while the Domino's numbers are talked about, but can 
you share some operating color for Popeyes as well, how it is shaping in this quarter, 
how it has sort of done? 
Ashish Goenka: 
So Amit, if I may come in, thanks for the question. Wherever we are opening stores 
in Popeyes, it is exceeding our internal expectations and action standards. But I 
think the brand is still at a very, very inceptual stage. And I think we don't feel 
comfortable at this stage to be sharing numbers around it. I think the network has to 
build to a certain meaningful scale before we can start sharing those numbers. So 
we will internally evaluate and maybe come back as to what stage we'll be able to 
share those. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
And in terms of operating color, our sandwich in a brioche bun, bone-in chicken, and 
the store opening playbook is getting better and better. And that is what is causing 
the lines outside that you see. We are also able to sustain new store led excitement 
and the allied momentum. And like I mentioned, we are live on both the aggregators 
along with our own app, so therefore, delivery as a channel has also grown. 
So overall, feel good about the customer love. We, of course, need to open stores. 
That is the primary task for the team, and we are looking forward to opening 30 to 
35 Popeyes stores this year. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Great. Sameer. Ashish, if I may suggest, basically, it will be great at whatever stage 
you are comfortable with probably if you could share the key numbers from Popeyes, 
whatever that scale is, if not at the corporate overhead level but it is gross margin 
and contribution margin level. If you can step it out from of the overall numbers, that 
would be very, very helpful, whenever you feel comfortable. 
Ashish Goenka: 
We have made a note of it and will certainly come back on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from Nuvama. 
Nihal Jham: 
You've been reporting the monthly active user data. What I noticed is that this 
quarter, we've seen a fall in the MDU number, whereas this is a quarter where you 
see IPL and I would assume the activations were rallying and even the data that you 
said there's never been a fall versus this quarter. So just wanted to understand, is it 
in any way a structural things that you want to highlight on this number? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
No alarm here, Nihal. We've actually just relooked at our sources of traffic, and we 
did a quality assessment, and we reduced performance in marketing in channels 

9 
 
 
where the quality was bad. So our conversions have gone up. Our app orders have 
gone up. So from that perspective, let me assure you there is not that customers are 
not loving our app. Our ratings have gone up, our installs have gone up. We're just 
more focused on channels, which give us higher conversion. So it's more about 
prioritization of performance marketing spend, nothing else. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, Sameer, that is helpful. The second question was you've maintained, 
obviously, your target in terms of the number of stores for Domino's at around 200 
to 225. Is this quarter a reflection just of the current environment in terms of taking 
it a little light and also on the 200 to 220 plus stores, would we see the concentration 
of being in more of our existing cities? And incrementally, the number of cities that 
you are historically adding on a year basis will not be similar to previous years. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. So firstly, I do see a healthy pipeline that is there in the system, where we have 
gone ahead and done the negotiation. We have given approvals as an investment 
committee. So the overall addition guidance of 200 to 225, I am not very concerned 
at the moment. This quarter, I think it's a little bit of a slow start, I admit. I think teams 
are prioritizing, reprioritizing where to open stores. In terms of the mix, we will 
continue to expand, like we said, across Tier 1, 2, 3 cities and split the stores 
somewhat in the proportion that we have done in the past. So no major deviation 
from for our store expansion strategy, but whenever we open a store, we look -- we 
assess that individual store. It should give us the desired payback, it should be in 
line with our margin expectations. So I think those markers continue to be there and 
at the moment, we believe 200, 225 is a good number that we are targeting. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. My final question was on the inflation bit. You did mention that there is 
comfort especially with further increase in prices, but we do see a spike in vegetables 
at this point in time. So overall, despite the recent news and the spike in certain 
commodities, is there comfort of inflation or it still remains a concern at this point in 
time? 
Ashish Goenka: 
So Nihal, I think overall, basket remains still elevated as compared to last year. So 
while we did see some moderation sequentially, especially on cheese, cheese prices 
do remain significantly elevated versus last year. But I think sequentially, we are 
seeing some moderation. And I think the recent increase in vegetable prices, again, 
is the area of concern. But when I look at the overall basket, I think we are seeing 
some level of stability at least on a sequential basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. 
Tejash Shah: 
My question is the extension of the previous question. So see, worst of the inflation 

10 
 
 
seems to be behind us, especially in the key raw materials of cheese and milk 
derivatives. So assuming that the trend continues and picks up in our favour for the 
rest of the year, how do you plan to repurpose the saving in terms of conflicting 
objective of margin expansion versus reinvestment that you'll have to do in the 
business. So how do you plan to play that kind of competing objectives that you 
have now from here on? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. So I think Tejas firstly, the inflation is not turning negative, which means 
compared to last year, the prices have not come down, at least, we've not seen it 
come down in cheese. So it may not increase at that pace or may see a slight 
deflation sequentially but as we look at it compared to last year basis, the price of 
cheese continues to be higher than that. Having said that, we are finding internal 
efficiencies and opportunities to improve our margins, which is reflected in the 
current quarter results as well. 
The area of investment continues to be in Domino's India, where we'll open more 
stores, where we will strengthen our frontline training and infrastructure to our store 
managers and also in digital and technology assets. So those areas of investment, 
I will continue to double down on.  
Tejash Shah: 
And my second and last question is if you can comment on the competitive 
landscape, mainly from the lens of regional competitors like La Pino'z and OvenStory 
and others, and then do you track them or there is a measure that or internal metric 
that you have to measure our market share versus some of these regional 
competitors who are not in public domain, we don't have much data on those 
competitors. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think we do track. Firstly, and I'll keep on saying this maybe sound like a 
broken record. In a $50 billion foodservice market, pizza as the category is about $1 
billion and we hold the dominant shares in it, and we do track that. We do track our 
share of expenditure. We do track our top of the mind measure metrics, and we also 
track shares across channels. So from that perspective, I don't think there is a 
concern. But for us to grow, we have to take share from other categories and convert 
unorganized to organized, right? So that is the job to be done by our teams. 
So on that front, we are doubling down in terms of our network expansion and also 
the menu range like we spoke about, spicy is one piece, which is very prevalent. 
And again, we are the first country within Domino's portfolio to have a spicy range 
again, learning from our feedback from the customers. And then our technological 
assets which differentiates us from the competition that you spoke about. But the 
larger point being pizza is about $1 billion category and rest there is a $49 billion 

11 
 
 
market outside of it that we need to capture. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: 
My first question was with respect to the demand trends. Now we are about 25 days 
into the second quarter. So Sameer, I wanted to hear from you if we are seeing 
some green shoots with respect to a demand recovery? And if you could even 
highlight what are the trends, we are seeing in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities versus the smaller 
towns? So that was my first question. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. So like I mentioned in my opening remarks, Sheela, that our strategy of 
customer and market-first and data and technology forward is playing out across  
channels. To give you more color, our mature stores, ADS grew 2.7%. We believe 
the strategy that we have put in place is yielding results. And therefore, I'm confident 
that it will only accelerate as more and more parts get executed. 
So the Spicy range was one such example where we were able to arrest the decline 
in ticket size, get more consumers to try mid-range pizzas versus low-range pizzas. 
We have also instituted combos on our app and on aggregators. And therefore, as 
the order-led growth continues, if we improve the ticket size, this should result in 
better growth actually. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. And in terms of markets, are we seeing any different trends or broadly 
the demand trends are similar? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So I think it is a little bit patchy, to be very honest. Last quarter, I could see malls to 
be doing very well. This quarter, I saw there was a slowdown. It's hard to pick up a 
trend for me to say. We opened 1 store in Tier 4 city, it is doing exceedingly well. I 
continue to be surprised by what is the latent demand that exists in Tier 3, Tier 4 
cities. Tier 1 cities as there's more back to work. You do see some of those tech 
institutes and educational institutes after the holiday is also picking up. So I don't 
have a clear trend line. It is kind of a bit kind of moving around, but I'm not teasing 
out anything at the moment that Tier 1 is growing faster than Tier 3, Tier 4. The Tier 
4 store that we opened did exceedingly well. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. And Sameer, if I may ask another question with respect to India is 
hosting the cricket World Cup this year. So are we having any kind of strategies that 
in terms of innovations, which could work out in favour for us, and you could benefit 
from this event? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes and I mentioned, in the last earnings call that when Suryakumar Yadav hit a 
century during the T20, our sales went up. So Cricket is one occasion where friends 

12 
 
 
and families sit together and order a pizza. We do plan to capitalize. IPL was one 
such event. So in fact, I shared in my opening comments that we also started offering 
in-stadium pizzas and that we could see the sales spike-up during the season. So 
definitely, we have plans to capitalize on World Cup, which is in the Q3 time frame. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And then my final question is with respect to the new innovation at INR179. Is this 
our endeavour to offset the inflationary pressures we are getting and introduce the 
new product at a higher price point versus say, INR159 earlier now, we're taking it 
up to INR179 and is the worst on the inflation side behind us? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So Sheela, So firstly, I'm like finding these opportunities, from what customers are 
telling us versus looking at my portfolio out. So customers did come back that they 
want spicy pizza. It does well. We will add more into the range and hopefully create 
a property around this. And it so happened that when we looked at the price gaps in 
terms of what consumers were willing to pay, it was obviously higher than Pizza 
Mania. And when we benchmark it against competition, we continue to be the most 
competitive on this kind of a range. On margins, we've identified close to 75 projects 
internally through Project Vijay that we are tracking every Monday morning along 
with the leadership team, that's what give me comfort that we have enough ideas. 
Now we need to execute and continue to expand our margins. 
Inflationary environment I felt it was cooling off, but the vegetable prices have come 
back and surprised everyone. So I think we're again living in very uncertain 
environment, be it due to natural factors or factors which are external. So I don't 
know how that will govern the commodity prices, something which I can't control, but 
internal efficiencies is what we are more focused on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Firstly, on demand -- and I understand that sequentially, ADS has improved, but I 
think part of it is also attributable to just the seasonality as well as some -- maybe 
some bit of impact of IPL. So not necessarily looking at any numbers, but when you 
look at the demand environment, maybe sometime in June and then last 25 days of 
July, from a consumer sentiment perspective, do you see things improving versus 
what it was in the last 3, 4 months, 5 months? And just excluding the seasonality, 
right, more from a like-to-like basis, do you see that the overall consumer sentiments 
are improving? And I think that would be the first question, sir. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I think demand environment continues to be uncertain. But I'll again bring you back 
to the strategy that is playing out for us which is focus on faster deliveries, focused 
on our own app traffic, improving the experience, improving the conversion, offer 

13 
 
 
pizzas right from INR49, which attracts a lot of new consumers and take them along 
through in our Cheesy Rewards journey to come back and spend more of their wallet 
on our app or into the store. So those pieces actually give me the comfort that this 
should only improve. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, sir. That's helpful. And the second question is in the lines of your answer. So 
first on the monthly active user and maybe the Domino's Cheesy Rewards, right? Is 
it fair to say that as your Cheesy Rewards kind of contribution goes up, maybe the 
same -- the monthly active user may not see a very high growth because it's 
basically about conversion higher. So maybe because of your Cheesy Rewards, 
your conversion rates are high end. So the monthly active user’s data may not be 
very good reflection of overall demand environment? 
And the second thing was in terms of some of the strategies you have taken. So 
reimagining of stores in terms of improving the dine-in, so it would be great to hear 
your thoughts in terms of what percentage of stores you are looking to reimagine, 
say, maybe in this year? And secondly, have you seen similar to what you shared 
about Bangalore. So of the few stores which you have imagined, already, have you 
seen any demand improvement on those stores? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Again, I will not read too much into the monthly active user base. Like I said, we just 
focused on more efficient channels to improve the marketing ROI. I think we 
continue to see new customer growth rate. Like I said, our sales continue to be 
order-led. Therefore, from that perspective, we do see new customers. I mean India 
is a country of more than 1.3 billion. Even if I look at immediate target addressable 
market, there are like 150 million monthly active food customers who order on food 
and only about 10 million are coming on to our app. 
So from that perspective, there is huge headroom to acquire new customers. Of 
course, customers enrolled in Cheesy Rewards, they know what to expect. They are 
loyal, that cohort of whether they order 9 times a year or 6 times a year, that is 
increasing. That obviously has much higher conversion rates, very natural for the 
cohort. But the headroom to acquire new customers remains, and I think for a long 
time, our growth will also be new customer-led. 
On dine-in, we are reimaging stores. The presentation does talk about, there are 
1,400 stores out of 1,850, which are anyway our new Ace design or Pizza theatre 
design. On the balance, we are taking judicious calls on which stores to reimage. 
For example, if you live in north, you can go to botanical gardens in Noida near the 
Metro station, you will see our Advant store in Noida. So you will see those stores 
image. They do exceedingly well, the dine-in, weekly orders actually improved by 

14 
 
 
15% to 20%. And we also do a thorough assessment when and where to do. So that 
base is not high -- it's not that we are going to reimage 500 or 600 stores, that's less 
than 10% is what we will reimage or relocate. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, sir. And just last bit and 2 parts first is on the milk prices, cheese prices, so 
there were news flow that the milk procurement prices have started to decline. So 
while you may not have seen any immediate impact, but given you have a 
relationship with the vendors for such a long time and you have better data than we 
have. So I mean, if this trend continues, do you expect the cheese prices at the price 
at which you are sourcing to decline? That's first part. 
And secondly, on Popeyes, just purely from this year perspective, when you say 30, 
35 stores, from a strategy perspective, would you like to go deeper into the existing 
market, or we will see more city being added. And the question is basically coming 
from the fact that the supply chain is a challenge in that category, and you're just 
setting up. So we have seen you expanding to 5 cities. So going forward, when we 
look at the balance 9 months, will it be more stores in these existing 5 cities or maybe 
add a few more cities. That would be all from my side. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So I think the milk prices would have seen a very little or a marginal decline in an 
environment where typically it increases, but it continues to be higher than what it 
was last year. So it has not fallen. There is no deflation in milk prices or cheese 
prices. If it were to go down below that, I think that's a call we'll take during that time, 
we have not really planned for it we also did not pass on all the input cost inflation 
to consumers, we absorbed as reflected in our margins. But I doubt, to be honest, it 
will start, there will be a deflation in milk and cheese prices. I don't see it at the 
moment, actually. 
On Popeyes, so I don't think supply chain is a challenge. We are commissioning our 
biggest food factory in Bangalore, like Mr. Bhartia talked about. In absence of that, 
we anyway work with the vendors. I think what is most important to me is open the 
store in the right location and in South India, our real estate team is building that 
pipeline. 
And we have in the last 4 months itself, we have expanded beyond Bangalore to 
Chennai, Madurai, Coimbatore, and recently to Hyderabad. So we are looking at 
more cities in South India for sure, and we do -- we have drawn plans to also expand 
to North India. So supply chain is not the bottleneck. I just wanted to assure that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi Sameer and team. Just two quick questions. As you said that the inflation has still 

15 
 
 
remained elevated, and we are trying to get the lower end of the pyramid. I mean, 
dining experiences is one of the things, and you focus more on the volume. Now in 
that sense, the 2 questions is that what is the impact of this whole refurbishment, 
which has happened in terms of Ace and Pizza theatre design. And will that be able 
to drive the volume? 
Because if I look at you have introduced Cheesy Rewards, so that Cheesy Rewards 
is basically to improve the traffic and you are improving the dine-in experience. But 
then if the inflation is not going to subside, even though volume growth will be there, 
our margin will be still stretched. 
Ashish Goenka: 
So Shirish, I think we have demonstrated that, a, because of the internal efficiency 
that we are driving despite high inflation, we have been able to sequentially improve 
margins. And secondly, despite a lot of focus on order-led growth and therefore 
focus on low price point, we had earlier also talked about the INR49 price point, 
which I think is unique in the country because no other competition offers such low 
price point, which allows customers to enter. Despite that, we have been able to 
again improve our margins because we have the full spectrum of the price piano 
that we play, and I think we have been able to also drive mix to our advantage. 
And so despite absorbing the impact of inflation despite absorbing the fact that there 
were minimum wages increase throughout the country in the last quarter, we have 
been able to improve our gross margin by 70 basis points and EBITDA margin by 
100 basis points. Combination of driving internal efficiency, and Sameer has talked 
about it across the organization, along with driving mix in a very, very focused 
manner and also targeted discounts, which improves our overall ROI around 
discounts. 
So I think a host of these measures gives us the confidence that despite an elevated 
inflation, which seems to have stabilized, at least sequentially, we are not seeing too 
much of inflation and our continued focus on driving mix and internal efficiency will 
help us at least keep the margin stable or improve from here. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
This is again the question on volume. We have introduced INR49, and we heard 
Sameer, you said that INR49 to INR159 is the sweet place where we are driving the 
volume, but we have also now introduced and premiumizing at INR169. So is it 
sufficiently enough and gives the room for the premiumization and therefore, you 
are again confident that the margin may not deteriorate from here? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So then there are 2 different questions. Does the range give enough width and in 
this investor presentation, we've shared that our range starts at INR49 and goes all 

16 
 
 
the way to INR1,149. So in fact, we are the only QSR company that offer that kind 
of a range on the right-hand spectrum, you have the Gourmet pizza with almost 5 
kinds of different cheese. And on the left hand of spectrum, you have a base INR49 
product. So therefore, we have the menu width to cater to various segments and 
various tiers of the society and cities. 
Now your question around what will happen to margins? We have demonstrated 
that there is no gross margin impact with entry range launch and through internal 
efficiencies, we've in fact been able to improve our EBITDA margin. So again, like 
Ashish mentioned and I also alluded, margin should remain stable or improve from 
here, and I don't see any concern unless until there is some unprecedented 
inflationary environment that we put ourselves into it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Two questions from my side. So firstly, on the cost efficiency plans that you have, 
just wanted a flavour of how much of that have you already implemented and the 
results of which are visible in this quarterly results? And how much you are yet to 
implement and that will give further sort of margin expansion in the coming quarters? 
Just a percentage rough sort of indication that like 60%, 70% we have implemented 
or whatever that number is will be okay with me. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Percy great question. I think this is a constant, I would say, a never-ending battle 
that I tell my team that we always have to be more efficient than yesterday. And 
there will always be new headwinds that we will see, for example, tomato prices this 
quarter. So I would refrain from telling you that we are like 50% done or 70% done. 
I will only tell you we have a lot more opportunity. And I'm not going to leave it, and 
my team meets every Monday morning first thing to expand the hopper and also 
implement what is on our plate. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, right. I understand this is always an ongoing thing, and it can continue for 
many years, and it can actually be a perpetual thing. What I meant to ask is that you 
said that you have identified some 80 ideas, right? So I'm restricting myself to that, 
that there might be some ideas we have identified but yet not implemented. And that 
could give more margin expansion in the future. I was just trying to get a sense on 
how much is already in the bag and how much will come. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Let me assure you, Percy. There are enough and more ideas that we have. And the 
team is steadfast focused on implementation. I'll refrain from saying whether we 
implemented a 40% or 60% or 20%. That would tantamount to giving a guidance for 
the future. But let me assure you, teams are focused on all cost line items. We know 

17 
 
 
where to find the opportunity, and we have a name program and a leader for every 
initiative. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sure, sure. If I were to ask a slightly different question that, let's say, what is a target 
for a stable state margin 2 years down the line or 3 years down the line? Like you 
are currently at 21%. In the COVID peak, you had gone to 26% plus. So obviously, 
that probably was not a very sustainable margin. Neither is the current margin 
sustainable and probably it will be somewhere in between. But it's a very wide range. 
So just your thoughts on what you think this format, or this brand deserves as a 
sustainable stable state kind of a margin? 
Ashish Goenka: 
Percy, I think, again, without giving any guidance, our internal endeavour in the long 
run will be to at least stabilize between 23% to 24%. I think that's a good state to be 
in. When do we get there? I think it remains a question mark. But I think our 
endeavour and all our efforts are towards getting to that level. I think 26% was, of 
course, unsustainable, 23% to 24% would be a good level to get. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. My second and last question is on the dine-in. So you said that 1,400 
restaurants are already under the sort of new format out of 1,800. So that's a very 
large percentage. And despite that, dine-in is not really picking up. So what more 
needs to be done from your side for the dine-in to pick up? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So firstly, we need to recognize that post COVID, there is a permanent demand shift 
towards delivery. Therefore, you will see all QSR companies investing in their 
delivery channel. And thankfully, that channel works for us. I would say there are a 
few bottom stores that we need to correct, right? And that have seen a material 
decline. That number, like I said, is about less than 10%, we'll get to about 100-odd 
stores this year. And that is the only way out of it. And of course, making sure we 
execute flawlessly in terms of giving the hot pizza on the plate in time. So making 
sure the functional excellence continues to be high. Those are the pieces which will 
bring back the growth in dine-in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
First question on the employee cost. There has been an increase of more than 20% 
year-on-year, significantly higher compared to increase in sales. Is it just because 
of aggressive expansion and the minimum wage which you mentioned? Or is there 
any one-off in this? 
Ashish Goenka: 
Kunal, three prime reasons. One of course is the minimum wage, and it's been 
higher this year than what we have seen in the past. Second, of course, we have 
expanded our store network significantly in the last one year or so. So that cost, 

18 
 
 
again, is reflecting there. And the third is also a bit of a mix impact because the 
variable manpower cost reflects in other manufacturing costs. So there has been a 
slightly adverse mix this quarter as compared to previous quarter of last year, but 
overall, of course, it reduces our cost because you see we have not seen a 
proportionate increase in other manufacturing and other costs, so some of it is mix 
as well. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. Okay. That's one. Second one is if you can share your thoughts on DP 
Eurasia stake now. The stock has come off very significantly compared to the open 
offer price which you had in 2021. Would you look to acquire more? Or is there a 
risk of write-off due to erosion in value? 
Ashish Goenka: 
So there is no erosion in value. And we believe that the underlying value of the 
business is significantly higher than what is reflected currently. So there is no erosion 
in value, and we do not see any impairment risk for this year. 
As far as further acquisition is concerned, I think I'm unable to give any guidance on 
that because our Board mandate is only to go up to 49.9% and not beyond. So I 
think we are very close to that number already now. 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay. And just one last question on the financial impact of the new commissary 
which is coming up next month. What kind of operating cost depreciation or cost 
savings or any revenue benefits we should be factoring in from the Bangalore 
commissary? 
Ashish Goenka: 
Sure. So once the factory fully commissions, there will be two impacts. One, at an 
operating cost level, we will see some savings because we'll be in-sourcing or 
bringing some of our activities that we were doing through third-party we will do in-
house. And because of the scale and the way the plant has been built, we will see 
some operating goodness flowing into our P&L, but of course, you'll have a slightly 
higher depreciation, but the impact will be not significant, given the fact that we will, 
of course, be depreciating this cost over close to 15 years. So I think net-net impact 
should be minimal. We'll have some operating efficiency gains and some additional 
depreciation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Varun Singh: 
My question is, I understand that all the vectors or the strategic intervention that we 
have executed to solve for kind of SSSG. So I mean, if you have to choose or like if 
we ask you that what would be that 1 key vector that you will give like the topmost 
priority to solve for the subdued same-store sales growth or to reach to 7% to 10% 
kind of SSSG, what would be that vector as per you sir? 

19 
 
 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think and I may sound a bit professorial over here. There are no silver bullet 
over there. We have to execute on every pizza every store all the time, right? That's 
the hard part of managing such distributed operations. 
Varun, so there is no silver bullet. But if you force me to pick one, I would say it is 
the culture and the people as our foundation, right? I mean when it rains, you will 
see some of the parts of North Indian were flooded. And I could see our delivery 
riders almost water coming to knee level actually driving and delivering pizzas. I 
went to store that near midnight, 11:30 - 12:00 in Gurgaon, and I was asking why 
your pants are folded up and they showed me how deep the water was. 
So I think that's what makes the difference, ultimately. It is the passion to serve the 
customers. It is the Domino's spirit in terms of hustle when there are more orders 
and take the ownership to get to the customer. That is where we differentiate and 
that is the true secret sauce and not necessarily the pizza, the menu offering or the 
technology, ultimately, pizza has to be made with love, which is 5-star, taken to the 
customer in 20 minutes and served with a smile. That is the hard part. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, like the 1,400-odd stores, where we already have done store 
reimagination, how is the dine-in performance in these stores? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
1,400 stores, we opened with the ACE design or pizza theatre design. So therefore, 
they don't need any correction. They obviously do better than the older format stores 
and older stores as mentioned, we are rapidly reimaging the botoom decile stores. 
So these stores, which are what we call as ACE design or pizza theatre design. They 
have higher dine-in ratios versus the other. And we do track, by the way, before and 
after, and we do see healthy dine-in weekly orders and also the overall weekly 
orders because dine-in is a big channel for new customer recruitment. So it has a 
big rub of effect on delivery also. 
Varun Singh: 
Some objective measurement when you say healthy dine-in, I mean, is that like 
instead of 60-40, 50-50 or anything of that sort. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Whenever we reimage a store, we see it anywhere from 12% to 20% improvement 
in the dine-in sales. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it. And sir, my last question is on the loyalty program. So currently, 48% we are 
-- I mean 48% is the revenue share. So by when you expect this to reach kind of 
100%. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Hopefully never, right? I mean, therefore, that would mean that we are not acquiring 
new customers. So like I said, there are like 120 million monthly active customers 

20 
 
 
who are buying food on various channels. we get only 10-11 million. So for a long 
time to come, we should acquire new customers. When the program matures, what 
we've seen in other geographies, it should stabilize around 60%. 
Moderator: 
We take the last question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, we have earlier delivered about 78% to 79% gross margin since second quarter, 
and we are currently at about 76%. I wanted to check if this difference largely 
because of food inflation or there are other elements of, say, higher competitive 
intensity or adverse channel mix also on this. 
Ashish Goenka: 
Devanshu, I think those margins were largely on the back of a significantly deflated 
commodity environment. And that we have not seen for now almost close to 2 years. 
We have seen unprecedented inflation in the last 4 to 6 quarters. So I think really 
not comparable. And I'm not sure when we will see those kind of commodity cycles 
again. And therefore, as Sameer alluded to earlier, a lot of our focus has been on 
driving our mix and at the same time, driving internal efficiencies to continue to 
improve gross margins and overall EBITDA margin. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And sir, as you said, 23%-24% is the endeavour on EBITDA margin front. So what 
would be a similar number for gross margin? 
Ashish Goenka: 
It will be difficult to give a gross margin number because a large part of the gross 
margin delivery is dependent on how the commodity prices pan out. And that is why 
we are focusing on every line of cost to drive efficiency and drive overall productivity 
in the P&L. So I think it will be a combination of both, but it will come more from non-
gross margin as per my prognosis, because gross margins are more difficult to drive 
given the commodity and inflation cycle. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Right. Lastly, sir, Hong's has seen 2 additions in this quarter. So just wanted to 
check, are we at a level where unit metrics and the product composition, etcetera, 
saw, and we can see sort of faster acceleration for this format? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I think we are, again, very happy with the progress the team from Hong's 
Kitchen is doing. They are truly building an Indian style Chinese QSR format, which, 
again, serves across channels. They have their own delivery and also their own app. 
So again what they have been able to demonstrate is very high customer repeats 
and the love for the food. I think that having solved; I would still say that they have 
a bit of a job to do on demonstrating consistently high store economics. By the way, 
the stores that we opened in Laxmi Nagar have become one of the best stores very 
quickly in a span of about 2 months. 

21 
 
 
So again, I'm giving you these anecdotes to give you my confidence on how the 
team is executing. But, before we go all out and open the floodgates of expansion, 
they have a bit of work to do, largely on the unit economics side of it, but many big 
rocks have been actually solved for. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure. Sir, and these -- all these formats will be supplied through common supply 
chain. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I think this is what we bring as a horizontal capabilities as there are actually 4 
capabilities. One is our manufacturing. Second is logistics because the same truck 
which carries dough balls for Domino's can actually service the store. Number three 
is our technology capabilities. the same engineering team, which builds the 
Domino's app actually builds the other apps. 
And number four is the last mile capability in terms of workforce management, 
delivery riders and route mapping, route planning, etcetera. So all those four 
capabilities are horizontal capabilities, they can be bolted on to any new brand that 
is an international brand, or we are developing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
On behalf of Jubilant FoodWorks Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thank you. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
