 
 
 
  06/06/2023 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip code : 509152 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : GRPLTD  –  Series: EQ 
    
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript 
Please find attached herewith earnings call transcript held with analyst/ institutional investors 
on 31st May, 2023 at 3:00 p.m. to discuss Company’s operational and financial performance 
for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023.  
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
 
For GRP Ltd. 
 
        
 
Jyoti Sancheti 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl : a/a 
 
JYOTI 
SANCHETI
Digitally signed by JYOTI 
SANCHETI 
Date: 2023.06.06 13:21:41 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“GRP LimitedQ4 and FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 31, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 31st May 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSH GANDHI – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
GRP LIMITED 
 
MS. SHILPA MEHTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GRP LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GRP Limited Q4 and FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Gandhi, Joint Managing Director, GRP Limited 
for his opening remarks. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Thank you so much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us on 
GRP Limited's conference call to discuss earnings of quarter 4 as well as fiscal year 2023. Along 
with me here today, I have our company CFO, Ms. Shilpa Mehta; and SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisors to assist on the call. We have already uploaded our investor presentation on 
the stock exchanges and the company website, and I hope each of you have had the opportunity 
to go through the same. 
Fiscal year '23 has been a fairly busy year for all of us at GRP Limited, having undergone several 
structural changes and undertaken various new initiatives during the year and I'm outlining all 
of those as under.  
At the beginning of the year, GRP sold its entire shareholding in Marangoni GRP Private 
Limited, which was a joint venture company. This sale resulted in a gain of INR 5.7 crores for 
GRP. The decision to sell the investment in the joint venture, as indicated in the past, is on 
account of a strategic shift in GRP's portfolio and priorities as we want to continue maintaining 
leadership position as a material supplier. 
During the year, we also incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary named GRP Circular Solutions 
Limited with an objective to expand focus on recycling plastic waste. The motivation for a 
separate company for plastic recycling hinges on the Government of India's plans under the 
Extended Producer Responsibility and the numerous opportunities that have arisen out of that 
regulation for development and partnerships in the field. 
Within GRP Circular Solutions Limited, the first set of products that GRP has launched are 
Repurposed Polyolefins. This business aims to provide sustainable and circular material 
solutions for the rigid packaging industry. GRP or GCSL, in this case, will convert end-of-life 
polyolefin rigid packaging material into raw materials with a performance which will be 
relatively close to virgin raw materials. 
During the fiscal year FY23, 6,000 tonne capacity was added in this business under the 
Repurposed Polyolefins. And I'm pleased to announce that while we installed the capacity, we 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
also were able to gain approval of several large customers for this. GRP or GCSL has become 
the only approved supplier or partner to a premier global petrochemical brand, namely Mobil, 
for use of the material in commercial pails made with 50% post-consumer recycled 
polypropylene. The application of these materials that GCSL has developed will range from 
paint pails to lubricant pails to automotive battery covers and packaging pallets. GCSL continues 
to engage with several brand owners across each of these sectors for product approval, and we 
are fairly confident to be able to gain more prominence in this business during this year. 
In line with maintaining the focus on end-of-life tyre and plastic recycling, GRP also announced 
the divestment of its 100% stake in its wholly owned subsidiary, Grip Polymers Limited.  
Deepening our commitment during the year to renewable energy and operational efficiency, 
GRP made additional investments in windmills during the year. With acquiring 3 new windmills, 
our total wind energy capacity across all locations stands at about 4.35 megawatt. And this move 
is aimed at increasing our sustainable energy sources while achieving cost reduction in a highly 
power-intensive industry. 
The implementation of this acquisition is expected to have a positive impact on GRP's energy 
costs starting from the second quarter of FY24, and we should be able to demonstrate those 
savings in the energy costs thereafter. This investment aligns with GRP's long-term 
sustainability goals, while providing an opportunity to optimize operational expenses and 
enhance cost efficiencies. This investment in the wind energy was in addition to GRP having 
commissioned a 500-kilowatt solar energy plant at its premises in Solapur. With that investment, 
which was made during the early part of the fiscal year, the connected load of solar energy across 
different GRP locations stands at about 1.6 megawatt. 
Combination of the windmill and solar energy investments, today, GRP's total renewable energy 
sources are at about 6 megawatts, and it contributes to about 60% of the connected load of the 
GRP operations, which is at about 10 megawatts. In terms of number of units, all these renewable 
energy units contribute to roughly 27% of the units consumed at all the operating facilities. We 
maintain our commitment to renewable energy as a source of cleaning the environment as well 
as focusing on operational efficiencies. And during the current year, we have further plans to 
add between 2.5 to 2.75 megawatt of renewable energy in the form of wind and solar sources. 
Apart from the above, GRP has made a conscious decision to consolidate its operations across 
the Western states of India, which is namely Maharashtra and Gujarat. And with that as an 
objective, we had sold the land and buildings, wherein erstwhile reclaim rubber facility existed 
in Perundurai in the State of Tamil Nadu. To cement our commitment towards the Western 
region, GRP commissioned a semi processing plant for manufacturing crumb rubber at the 
company's land -- the company's facility in Dahej in Gujarat. This site for the time being will 
augment capacities in Ankleshwar and Panoli but will have a long-term focus on other recycled 
products manufacturing. So, with this, while Tamil Nadu has been divested off, GRP has added 
Dahej as another location for manufacturing capability going forward. 
During the last quarter of the financial year, an unfortunate incident was the fire at our facility 
in Solapur. This is the facility where the expansion or the diversification efforts of your company 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
were based, which is in the plants where the Non-Reclaim Rubber businesses were housed. 
While we at GRP have accorded highest priority to fire safety and have systems for effective 
combat against such incidents, this unfortunate incident did take place and has been an eye 
opener for us. Fortunately, there were no casualties or injuries and the fixed assets and the 
inventory at the location were adequately covered by insurance. GRP has lodged the insurance 
claim totalling INR 16.45 crores for the damage caused on account of the fire. The insurance 
company has made an on-account payment of INR 2.5 crores at the moment, and we hope to 
receive the entire claim during the current financial year. 
We've already started and made efforts to upgrade the existing infrastructure for improved 
prevention, detection, and mitigation of fire across all the other locations at GRP as well. In the 
meantime, to restore normalcy in the business operations following the fire incident, GRP has 
already taken several steps to put several of the equipment up in regular production. A lot of 
these were through repairs. A lot of -- some of them were also replacement of equipment that 
were completely damaged. We were able to shift the equipment to a newly constructed building. 
And apart from the production that will be done on the same site, we have also entered into 
contract manufacturing of certain products and SKUs and initiated customer supplies from the 
outsourcing facility. We've been able to restore all fire-fighting equipment at the Solapur plant 
for safety purposes and planning for construction and repair of the damaged structures is ongoing 
and will be completed within the next 3 to 4 months. 
Now let me provide you a quick snapshot on the operational side. The volume growth in the 
Reclaim Rubber business, which continues to be the largest business for the company, was at 
about 5%. This was at an increased or an improved pace in the first 3 quarters of the year, but 
there was a degrowth in the last quarter of the year. And that slowdown is on account of a 
slowdown in exports to the European Union and North America, which affected the overall 
volume growth. Despite this, the domestic sales have maintained the market share. And while 
there has been an overall rubber consumption increase of about 4%, your company has been able 
to grow its domestic share by a factor which is higher than 4%. 
The Engineering Plastics business experienced a high-volume growth of about 30% until the 
third quarter. However, margins were negatively impacted for the 12-month period due to the 
fire incident. There has been a 9% increase in power tariffs and changes in the product mix have 
resulted in increased energy costs. So, while we have made investments to add renewable energy 
sources, we are expecting those to help reduce power costs in the current year and going forward. 
We've taken conscious efforts at reducing the working capital cycle and we've been able to 
achieve a 7-day reduction in working capital cycle compared to the previous year through 
improved efforts and working capital management. And that is obviously leading to lower 
utilization of external borrowings as well as a tighter control over the rest of the working capital. 
There has been a significant reduction in international freight costs starting Q4 of the financial 
year FY23. And we are hoping that most of those benefits will be retained by the company in 
the current year. And we are expecting the freight cost to be at those levels for most part of the 
current fiscal year. There was a decline in quarter-on-quarter revenue in both the Reclaim and 
Non-Reclaim businesses in the quarter 4. And the drop in revenue, as has been explained, is due 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
to an unfavourable market condition internationally as well as the disruptions caused by the fire 
incident. The weak sentiment going through in European Union and North America are likely 
to be maintained or are likely to continue for the next 2 quarters. And while we have adequate 
visibility of orders for the next few quarters, there is definitely a volume degrowth in the 
international markets compared to the calendar year 2022. 
In FY23, the revenue growth also had a factor of the selling price increase, which your company 
has been able to push through to customers and also a favourable currency during the year. In 
the Non-Reclaim Rubber business, for the year, there has been a higher volume sale in the 
Engineering Plastics business, but the Composite business degrew due to challenges that our 
customer faced. The Polymer Composite business is based on and dependent on a single 
customer. 
And increased freight cost for most part of calendar year 2022, starting from the time post-
COVID, had led to our customer going through a significant difficult time. While a lot of that is 
now behind us, we are hoping to start supplies and a new agreement has been put in place, 
whereby starting this month, which is May of 2023, business has resumed with the customer 
with a changed ownership structure and revised capital structure. 
EBITDA margins for Reclaim Rubber expanded by 40 basis points on a year-on-year basis, 
again, based on the improved currency and lower logistics costs. In the Non-Reclaim Rubber 
business, it declined due to the volume reduction in Polymer Composite business, which has 
always been a very, very profitable business and the impact of fire in the Q4 of the year. We 
continue to remain optimistic about our Non-Reclaim Rubber business despite its relatively 
small base and despite the challenges that we have faced in the last financial year. The increased 
capacity that has been created and the positive business prospects on account of customer 
approvals are encouraging, and we remain confident of this business growing at a significantly 
higher rate than the traditional Reclaim Rubber business. 
We have started to leverage the synergies from the Reclaim Rubber business into the Non-
Reclaim Rubber business by way of improved collection efficiencies as well as a technology 
differentiation that we've been able to create in the Non-Reclaim Rubber business. We continue 
to remain positive and confident. 
And in this year -- in this financial year, we are also hoping for a significant boost in both margins 
as well as revenue on account of the full-scale implementation of the extended producer 
responsibility in both the tyre as well as the plastic recycling industries. With this backdrop, let 
me hand over the floor to Shilpa to take you through the financial highlights for the quarter as 
well as the year gone by. 
Shilpa N. Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Let me take you through the consolidated financial highlights for 
quarter 4 of FY23 and for the financial year FY23. We are starting with quarter 4. So revenue 
from operations in Q4 FY23 was at INR 955 million as compared to INR 1,112 million in Q4 
FY22. So, it was down by 14% on a year-on-year basis. Revenue degrowth was on account of 
reduction in volume by 9% and due to the slowdown in European Union and North America, 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
which resulted in lower export revenues for Reclaim Rubber and also due to impact of fire on 
non-Reclaim business. 
Gross profit for Q4 FY23 is INR 483 million as compared to the INR 625 million in 
corresponding Q4 FY22, which is down by 23% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA for Q4 FY23 
is INR 58 million. versus INR 80 million in Q4 FY22 and that was down by 27%. EBITDA 
margin for Q4 FY23 is at 6.1%, which was at 7.2% in Q4 of previous year. Profit after-tax for 
Q4 is at INR 28 million, which was INR 23 million in last year Q4. So, it was up by 19% on 
year-on-year basis. 
Now let us go to FY23. So FY23 to FY22 comparison, revenue from operations in FY23 was at 
INR 4,510 million as compared to INR 3,884 million in FY22, which is up by 16%. This revenue 
growth of 16% is backed by increased volumes, higher realization, and favourable currency. 
Gross profit for FY23 stood at INR 2,417 million as compared to INR 2,064 million in FY22, 
which is up by 17%. EBITDA for FY23 is at INR 248 million as compared to INR 232 million 
in FY22, which again grew by 7% and this growth in EBITDA is led by growth in revenue 
coupled with reduction in freight costs. EBITDA margin is at 5.5% as compared to 6% in FY22. 
Profit after-tax is at INR 139 million in FY23 compared to INR 58 million in FY22, which is up 
by 142% on year-on-year basis. This PAT growth was from improved volume growth and one-
time gains on sale of assets, investments in the JV company and subsidiary. On the debt side, 
I'm pleased to share that we were able to reduce our gross debt, which includes both long-term 
and short-term by INR 113 million from INR 997 million to INR 883 million in FY23. And our 
debt-to-equity ratio is 0.59 FY23, which was at 0.73 in FY22. With this, I now open the floor 
for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Vivek Ganguly from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
I had one question on the EPR targets. I was trying to understand the space a little better. 
Referring to -- hello, can you hear me? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Yes, you're audible, but I didn't catch the first part of your question regarding... 
Vivek Ganguly: 
No, no. So, I've not yet completed the question. So, referring to Slide 17 where you had charted 
out the EPR targets, so if you can explain this a little better in the sense if a company is 
manufacturing using -- uses, let's say, 100 kilos of rubber, so is that 35% of that has to be reclaim 
rubber? Is that what it means? And how does this play out? I'm referring to Slide #17. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Yes, I'm seeing that. So, I think there are 2 parts to the EPR story. One is the obligations of the 
tyre manufacturer and what they need to do. So if you look at that particular chart and talking 
about 35% is the -- I, think what is happening -- what this means is that for the manufacturers or 
importers of new tires, whatever is the quantity of tires that they have produced 2 years before, 
which is basically, if you look at the bottom, it says that it will start after 2 years. 
And shall be 100% of the tyre manufacturers or imported in the years Y minus 2, which means 
in FY23, whatever was their production or import of FY21, 35% of that needs to be bought back 
by way of credits in the year FY23. So as a tyre producer, if in FY21 they had produced 100 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
tonnes of tires, they are required to purchase 35 tonnes of credit in the year FY23. That's what 
this chart means. And similarly, against, their production of FY22, they need to purchase credit 
for that in FY24 to the extent of 70% of the production of the year FY22 and so on. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
So, this is applicable to India, or this is applicable on a global scenario? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, this is only what is sold or manufactured, while sales, manufactured, if you look at the 
definition within the EPR, it is actually sales of tires in India. And that's the reason for the tyre 
companies it will be net domestic sales. And for the tyre importers as well, this will be the total 
tires sold in India and the percentage of that by way of credits that they need to purchase 2 years 
later. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
So how does the credit purchase work out in the sense, let's say, if reclaim rubber is available 
only to the extent of, let's say, 5%. So, the remaining 30%, they will have to buy credits. And 
where do they buy the credits from, in what form? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, buying credits is independent of the production that they have done. So, if the country as a 
whole consumes about 2 million tonnes of tires, as an example, 35% of that will need to be 
bought in terms of credits from recyclers 2 years later. And the expectation therefore is that as 
the regulation tightens and the producers or the brand owners are obligated to buy these credits, 
there will be obviously a growth in the recycling activity in the country. 
Now the recycling activity has already been defined by way of the end products that are 
produced, reclaim rubber and then similarly crumb rubber and then several other types of end-
of-life recycling are eligible to be sold for credit. So, reclaim rubber, whatever production of 
reclaim rubber that we as an industry or the country produces, that much of credits will be 
available to the industry to sell to the tyre company and the tyre companies will be obligated to 
buy those credits from different recyclers. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
So, would you'll be, like say, if you'll -- and please, I'm new to the space, I'm trying to understand 
this. So, if, let's say, 30% is the obligation, but the rubber that is reclaimed or reprocessed, 
recycled is only X percentage. So, if you sell that to, let's say, a tire, that will be considered as a 
credit in the -- which is used in fulfilling their obligation? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
No. So, the consumption of reclaim rubber or crumb rubber does not earn any benefit for the 
tyre companies. They have to buy credits from recyclers independent of what they use within 
the tyre manufacturing processes. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
So how does that work? Where do -- because if they have to buy something, some asset, whether 
it is a real asset, or a virtual asset has to be generated. So, what is that asset that will get 
generated? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Every tonne of reclaim or every tonne of recycled rubber that is produced, and again, there are 
multiple types of recycled rubbers as defined under the EPR policy, every tonne of that product 
will generate a certain value of credit. And that will be regulated through the Central Pollution 
Control Board through a portal that has been created and at the moment is under beta testing. 
And hopefully, in the next few weeks, that should kind of go operational, as a result of which 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
credits will be generated for the recyclers and will be traded across an exchange to be sold to the 
tyre manufacturers. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
So just to clarify. So, if you generate 1 tonne of reclaim rubber, so maybe you will get an 
equivalent of 1 unit of credit, which then you can go out and sell, put it out on an exchange, 
which they have to buy. So that -- does that incentivize them to buy more of reclaim rubber or 
more of the credit? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, I think at the moment, the regulation is at its nascent stage, and I'd be happy to have an 
offline conversation to kind of talk more about it. But at the moment, it's in its nascent stage. We 
do expect that the regulation, as it is written, may undergo changes because there is a steering 
committee that has been formed. 
And the role of the steering committee, which comprises of stakeholders from across different 
parts of the business, there's an expectation that there will be modifications to some of the policy 
guidelines that are in there and that the steering committee is empowered to make. So, in what 
form does it finally get sanctioned and approved and implemented, that kind of remains to be 
seen. But some of what you've asked for are questions that the steering committee is also 
deliberating. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. 
Rohit: 
So, I have a few questions. One was, sir, in terms of our reclaim business. So do you think that 
this year... 
Moderator: 
Rohit, we are not able to hear you clearly. Your voice is sounding very muffled. 
Rohit: 
So Harsh, my question was in terms of our Reclaim Rubber business. So, you alluded to a few 
things in your opening remarks. Freight costs this year, I mean, now have come down 
significantly, especially in the H2. So, going into FY24, how do you see the margins in the 
Reclaim Rubber business specifically adjusted for the slowdown that you're seeing in the export 
markets? If you can just give an outlook on that. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So again, I mean -- so freight has reduced I think different -- depending on the different trade 
lanes, the impact or the extent of the reduction varies. But to put it in context, the freight cost 
reduction has been anywhere between 30% to 50% on several trade routes. Now the impact on 
margins will depend obviously on the different customers and the volumes that are kind of going 
out to the different customers. 
So tough for me to give you an exact number on what that rupees per kg or rupee crore would 
be. But I would say that, I mean, at this moment, from a high of freight costs, which was in 
excess of about INR50 crores for the year that we have seen in the past, we are seeing that freight 
costs have by and large reduced by, as I said, anywhere between 30% to 50%. So that's the likely 
overall impact on the cost of freight. 
Against that, how much will get passed on to customers versus how much will be retained by 
the customer is a case-to-case basis. I mean, there are several customers where the freight was a 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
direct pass-through. And in those cases, the freight -- our pricing is moderated or adjusted to 
reflect the revised freight costs. In some cases where the risk of the freight based on the 
Incoterms was for GRP. Those are the ones where we will continue to retain the margin that will 
get accrued on account of the freight cost reduction. So, it's a mixed bag. I'm unable to give you 
an exact number, but I can definitely say that on a net basis, it will definitely be margin positive 
for the company. 
Rohit: 
So, no, I was not actually asking for specific numbers, but just broadly, because you alluded to 
a couple of things. One, obviously, freight costs have come down. At the same time, demand is 
a bit subdued in export markets and also power costs have also gone up. So, putting all in total, 
I mean, in terms of the segmental performance that we see on the reclaim rubber side, last 2 
quarters have seen some margin improvement where we've touched close to 9% and 10%. So, 
do you think there are -- I mean, from here on, the margins will continue to go up given 
everything put together? That's what I wanted to understand. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, we are fairly optimistic that the margins will certainly be better in the next year. I mean, it 
will continue to get better for the next 2 or 3 quarters because the impact on account of freight 
will certainly be net positive. As far as power costs are concerned, again, as you've seen that 
there has been about a 9% to 10% increase in unit cost, but that we are also more than offsetting 
by way of the investments that we have made in the renewable energy. 
One additional factor, which I've not talked about, but this is going to impact this year is that 
there has been a one-time 25% increase in the minimum wages in the State of Gujarat. While 
most of our workforce was earning slightly more than minimum wage, there will be a one-time 
adjustment on account of this minimum wage increase in the State of Gujarat. But putting all of 
these 3 put together as well, we are still expecting that the margins on the whole for the Reclaim 
Rubber business will be definitely positive net-net. 
In terms of percentage or basis point improvement, my expectation is, as you've said, it has gone 
up already to closer to about 8%-odd. And we are fairly optimistic and hopeful that it should get 
into double-digits fairly soon or probably are already in that territory and should start getting 
reflected in the overall numbers. 
Rohit: 
And just one more question on this overall power cost. So, do you see power costs at an absolute 
level for you remaining stagnant or sort of not increasing or coming down from H2 of this year 
because of the investment that you've made? Is that -- do you see that or that's still upon us? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, on a rupee per unit basis, there will be a reduction in the rupee per unit cost. And of course, 
energy is the second largest cost within the operating cost structure. So clearly, there will be 
savings on account of that. I mean, to put it plainly, as I said, I mean, we'll be at about 27% of 
our energy will be coming from this power. If I add up all of that together, it's representing a 
total savings of roughly INR 4.5-odd crores if we were to do a comparison of direct grid power 
versus this 27% coming from renewable. And therefore, that impact will start flowing in again 
from Q2 of this year. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Rohit: 
Now moving on to the non-reclaim side of the business, I remember this year, we had also 
expanded capacity and we were quite optimistic at the beginning of the year to utilize that 
expanded capacity based on customer sort of soft commitments. However, obviously, I 
understand about the Composite business had an issue and also the demand overall has also 
become subdued. So just generally wanted to understand how do you see that business, because 
you consistently maintained that that business is much more profitable, however, PAT is yet to 
be seen from an overall level due to the low offtake? So, could you sort of explain that also? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, our Non-Reclaim business is, as I've said before, just to kind of do a little recap, we have 2 
businesses within that currently and which is the Engineering Plastics business and the 
Composite business. Engineering Plastics business continues to grow. In fact, as we expanded 
capacity or doubled capacity during the year, we were close to getting to about 70% utilization 
of that capacity based on the orders in hand as of February of this year. However, on account of 
the fire, I would say, we've been set back because a lot of the capacity that was added, some of 
it kind of had been lost to the fire and we are in the process of restoring that. 
As far as business itself or the order situation there itself is concerned, we will have an overall 
capacity based on all the expansion, et cetera, at about 7,000 tonnes on an annual basis. I would 
say that we were at about 70% to 75% of that capacity by way of orders by February. So as and 
when we are able to restore that capacity, we are fairly confident that by the end of the year we 
should get to about 80%, 85% of that utilization once the equipment are all restored and the 
building is up and operational. 
As far as the Composite business is concerned, as I said, we had a volume degrowth which was 
close to 15% from the previous year. But from March of this year, because of the renewed 
contracts, we have restarted that operation. Again, we won't be able to go back to peak capacity 
because there also we have lost about 1/3 of the capacity to the fire. And while we restore that, 
the business will slowly kind of inch up. We are hoping that that business also by the end of the 
year will get back to about 70% of what its capability is. 
So, net-net, both these businesses, the order situation as well as the customer outlook is looking 
fairly positive. It's a question of when we are able to get the capacities up and running. But 
otherwise, we are not seeing either of these businesses affected by the downturn in any way 
because these both are serving a very different niche end application and we are fairly confident 
of getting back to that 70%, 75% capacity utilization. 
The other non-reclaim business is the polypropylene or the plastic business that we have set-up. 
There, again, we've been set back by about 3 years on account of -- 3 months, I'm sorry, 3 to 4 
months on account of the fire. And another change that has happened there is that the regulation 
on the plastic packaging under EPR has been pushed back by one year. 
And in light of that, we are hoping that we will get back to about 40% to 50% utilization before 
the end of the year. The approvals are kind of slowly, slowly trickling in and coming through. 
Our supply chain for sourcing waste plastic is in place and have spread to an extent that we are 
fairly confident of getting too close to 90% of the capacity that we have created, we have the 
sources in place as well. So, it's a question of when and not whether. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
So, this is a brief outlook on each of the non-RR businesses. But I would say that by the time 
the buildings are rebuilt, and the plant is completely put to use and operational, I would say, it 
would be closer to September before the new building and the new -- and the capacities are all 
commissioned in -- back to its level pre-February 15. 
Rohit: 
Just one follow-up on the plastics business. So, despite -- so in the plastics business, there are -
- if my understanding is right, there is a 2 kind of revenue line items, right? One is the credits 
and that would also be there in the reclaim rubber bought. But just to be focusing on the plastics 
part for a bit, you'll also sell the repurposed polyolefins and also you will sell the credits. So, do 
you expect both these to contribute in FY24 or more the refocused part with the customer that 
we've got approval with to begin with in FY24? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, the EPR revenue impact in the plastic, as I said, the mandate has been pushed back by a year, 
but a lot of voluntary purchase of credits is already ongoing. So yes, there will be an EPR income 
generated from the plastic recycling businesses. And that includes both the Composite business 
as well as the Repurposed Polyolefin business. 
So that will be net positive as far as the P&L is concerned. Of course, it will be split between 
GRP and GCSL, which is where the Repurposed Polyolefin business is housed. As far as tires 
is concerned, we are confident that it will start generating a positive EPR income in this fiscal 
itself, because that -- we are not expecting that to be deferred for any reason. 
Rohit: 
And one of the -- one company's conference calls, it was shared that the plastic credits, 
depending on the product, the pricing rate has been INR 2 to INR 20 a kilo. I mean, can you talk 
a bit about what kind of realizations are you guys looking at for your product? And how do you 
see that? Any sense that you can share? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think the pricing that people are talking about is a little speculative because currently it is 
voluntary. We've seen prices range anywhere from INR 1 a kilo to as what you mentioned. I 
don't think the markets have stabilized or matured where one can predict what's the likely unit 
revenue that one can generate for credit. 
So, it's very early days, if I may, to kind of be able to put that out. I mean, we've already started 
selling some credits. And as I said, the prices range depending on the brand owners as well as 
the stability that we are able to provide the credits with. I mean, too early. I think once the market 
is better, I would say, organized and the mandates are clearly in place, that's when the true 
discovery of the price per credit will happen. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Indiabridge Capital. 
Umang Shah: 
As it was in the previous year, the realization that we received, especially in the export markets, 
have been much higher as compared to previous years in case of reclaim rubber and yet there's 
no increase in the operating margins or the gross margins. So, any reason for the same? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I'm sorry, export realization has improved, I didn't get you. I'm sorry, I didn't follow the question 
at all. Your voice and line is not really very clear. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Umang Shah: 
What I was saying was -- can you hear me? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I'm sorry, but I'm unable to hear you clearly at all. Your voice is breaking. I'm only hearing a 
few words and not the entire question. 
Moderator: 
Sir, he'll be re-joining the queue. We'll move on to the next question coming from the line of 
Ajay Surya from Niveshaay. 
Ajay Surya: 
So, my question is like, if I look at the past before pyrolysis started to take off, we had operating 
margins in the range of like 13%, 15% and even 18% sometimes. But post-2012 the margins 
never reached double-digits and remained around 5%, 10% levels. But now with the EPR policy 
coming in, which will reduce the pyrolysis activity, can we see our margins go back to those 
levels on like coming next 1, 2 years post the EPR implementation? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I'd divide this into 2 parts. One is 10 years is a very, very long time for an industry to continue 
to have or exhibit the same kind of performances. So, I think what has happened 10, 11 years 
ago, I mean, I think economic memory is generally a lot more short-term than that. So, I wouldn't 
necessarily want to comment on that as to what the performance was and what the margins were 
10 or 11 years ago. 
As far as the margin improvement on account of EPR is concerned, which your question is, yes, 
it will be definitely positive for the company, as I mentioned already before. But because I'm 
unable to predict what will be the price of the credit or the revenue that one will generate for the 
credit, it is very difficult to quantify what it will mean in terms of margin percentage or operating 
margin percentage as far as reclaim rubber is concerned. 
If I again was to sort of make a general statement on how the Reclaim Rubber business itself is 
growing and how the margins have been on a quarter-on-quarter basis, I mean, clearly, there is 
an improvement that we have seen quarter-after-quarter. I mean, except, as I said, I mean, there's 
been a little bit of a dip in sales in Q4. But other than that, the contribution of margins have 
certainly started to show an improvement. And we are fairly confident that if the demand holds, 
these margins will continue getting better. 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir, my next question is regarding the non-reclaim part. So, if we look at like nylon is replacing 
the metal in automotive, what is the trend towards recycled nylon? Like, are we seeing 20%, 
30% kind of recycled nylon used in the industry or how much recycling content is used? Can 
you throw some light on that? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think nylon, you're right, by and large, is replacing different kind of materials itself. And if you 
look at the engineering plastic industry in India, the growth has been faster than the rest of the 
plastic industry. That's clearly indicating that nylon apart from other engineering plastics are 
continuing to replace other kind of polymers or even in some cases other kind of materials. As 
you've given the right example that nylon replacing, in some applications, metal that was being 
used. 
Within that space or within the stream of engineering plastics, what is the share of recycled 
nylon, again, that is dependent on the end application. I can only say that, for example, very 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
recently, Kia and Hyundai have gone out on record to say that the plastic components used in 
the automotive can incorporate up to 30% recycled content in there. Now this is a very big 
sweeping statement made by a large brand owner who has a global footprint. What it means and 
when all of those will get reflected in the compound formulation changes is a process which the 
OEs and Tier 1s will start working with these brand owners over a period of time. 
Is it helping us? Yes, we have been able to get a few auto company approvals for our nylon -- 
compounded nylon. And it is starting to replace some amount of virgin nylon in several 
applications. What is the percentage of replacement, if I was to say, it is ranging again from as 
little as 5% to in some cases it has gone up to about 15% to 20% replacement of the virgin nylon. 
Now in automotive, which is the largest consumer of the engineering plastics, it's the largest 
impact, but it will probably be a slow-moving impact. 
Where the impact we are seeing more pronounced is in the electrical and in the furniture sector 
where the percentage of recycled nylon is already in high-double-digits, in some cases high-
teens, in some cases even in the 20% range and so on and so forth. So, I do believe that the non-
automotive applications will switch more towards recycled plastic materials than the pace at 
which the automotive manufacturers will switch. 
So clearly, that is a positive for us in the industry. But I want to also caution you that while nylon 
is replacing certain types of metals, you have to be cognizant that in the long run, certain type 
of polyolefin materials when compounded is also replacing some amount of engineering plastics. 
So it's going to be a cycle where everybody will need to be ahead of the curve and make sure 
that they are able to produce a cost-efficient material with the performance properties of the next 
material that is in the hierarchy. I hope that answers the question, but that's in a nutshell what is 
happening. 
Another major change that is happening in the industry, which all of us are seeing is that a lot of 
consolidation has taken place, especially in the engineering plastic industry. If you look at India 
alone, we had more than 15, 20 engineering plastic compounders in the country until 5 years 
ago. Today, that number is in the single digits. And this is because a lot of capacity has been 
consolidated through either M&A activity or international players coming and setting up 
operations in the country as a result of which several domestic companies have kind of become 
redundant. 
Now as this is happening, most of the international or the multinational compounders who are 
integrated across the value chain are focused more on the higher end applications. And that has 
actually left a little bit of a gap or a void in the general-purpose recycled engineering plastics 
space. And that is actually a lot of it is in the electrical and the furniture and this space. And 
that's a positive that we are seeing for our company because we are focused on the recycled 
materials and are able to offer products for those end applications which we've been able to get 
approval for. 
So, net-net, it's a positive. But I would say, substitution in the automotive industry is slow, but 
it's the largest volume. Substitution in electrical and furniture is high and fast, but it's a smaller 
volume. And the consolidation in the industry is also leaving behind some space for 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
compounders like us to kind of take market share in the general-purpose recycled engineering 
plastic space. I hope that answers the question. 
Ajay Surya: 
So, my final question is regarding -- like you said, there are lot of M&A activities in this 
engineered plastic compounders. So can we see that and even reclaim rubber like because credits 
will have to be purchased like our companies and unorganized industry, we have seen reclaim 
rubber means a little bit of unorganized industry. So, can we see them being targeted for tyre 
companies? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Are you asking whether tyre companies will be looking at reclaim rubber producers to be 
acquired? Is that what your question is, if I got it correctly? 
Ajay Surya: 
Yes, that is what it is. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think that's a question you need to ask the tyre companies. I'm not sure whether I can answer 
that with any level of certainty. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question that is from the line of Akash Mehta from Caprize 
Investments. 
Akash Mehta: 
I have two different questions. First one, I think you mentioned in the speech regarding the semi 
processing plant for manufacture of crumb rubber. So, if you can just provide some more details 
on the same? And what is the demand that we expect for crumb rubber as such? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Sure. So currently, the plant that has been set-up in Dahej is to meet the internal needs of the 
GRP reclaim rubber facilities in Ankleshwar and Panoli, but this is a facility that has been 
operationalized for the time being. Dahej is a very strategic location because it is very close to 
the tyre companies there. I mean, there are 2 large tyre companies operating within the vicinity 
of a few hundred meters from where our existing factory is. 
We started with producing, as I said, crumb rubber to feed the reclaim rubber unit. But we do 
believe that the location provides a strategic advantage to do a lot more and it could be a lot of 
downstream possibilities. It could be -- with the crumb rubber itself, there are many applications 
in the rubber industry as well as in the non-rubber industry. There are also opportunities to 
diversify into -- or from a technology point of view into alternate technologies for reclaim 
rubber. 
And there are several things on the table. I don't have an answer on what we will do there within 
a 3-year horizon. We are working on a lot of things. And we will continue to see how we can 
put that asset to much better use than what it is being done today. For the time being, it's only 
serving the needs of the Ankleshwar and Panoli reclaim rubber units. 
Akash Mehta: 
So, the internal consumption. And the second, I had a question on the order book. If you could 
provide me the details of your orders in hand for the Non-Reclaim and Reclaim Rubber segment? 
And some insights on the order book whether it is from new customers or from the existing one? 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Harsh Gandhi: 
As far as the order book in reclaim rubber is concerned, we've had Q4, as I said already, has 
been a weak quarter. Even this quarter, which is Q1 of this fiscal -- first part of the quarter has 
been a little tepid in terms of the demand. But we are starting to see some increased activity 
coming back again mostly in the domestic industry and some amount in the non-traditional 
market. So, we're starting to see a revival of demand in Latin America and some parts of Asia. 
Europe and North America continued to remain more or less the same as what they have been 
in Q4 of last year. 
Now if you look at the presentation that has been put up on the website, and I think this is Slide 
#16, there is already an indication of what the global tyre markets look like. And I think that 
should give you a fair sense of what is happening world-over in terms of the tyre production and 
what it therefore means for consumption of different materials. I mean, in India, we've had a 
smallish growth in the rubber consumption or in the offtake. Internationally, I think it's only 
been 0.8%, while in India it has been about 4% to 4.2%. 
So, I mean, with that as a backdrop, I would say, order book is not looking extremely 
encouraging where we have excess orders overcapacity. I think we're trying to increase share of 
wallet with our customers and trying to ensure that our market share stays ahead of competitors 
at this stage. And that's really what's happening. 
As far as the non-reclaim rubber is concerned, I already talked about what is the outlook for the 
Engineering Plastics business where we are fairly confident of getting back to the levels, but 
there is a capacity issue for recycling of pails. The composites, again, as I said, there is an order 
book, there is a revised contract. It's the capacity which is again a challenge in terms of being 
able to fulfil what the entire requirement of the customer is. I hope that provides you a 
perspective of all the businesses! 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Potti from Marshmallow Capital. 
Rohit Potti: 
So, most of the questions have been answered. I'm just curious to hear, I think a couple of calls 
back you mentioned that we are looking to go up the value curve in reclaim rubber and we're 
coming out with high performance products, which would have lesser competition which would 
add to the margins and ideally could be introduced in the current financial year. So just wanted 
an update on that, please? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Yes, advances with the new technology are at an advanced stage,   I mean, we are at an advanced 
stage of getting approvals for some of these new products that we are developing. I think before 
the end of the year, we will have new lines of capacity with this new technology in place. 
Currently, we are at the approval process with a few customers, specifically the tyre companies. 
And we're also evaluating 2 different technologies for which pilots have been set-up at our plants 
at the moment. 
And we are fairly confident that in all likelihood, both these technologies we will be 
implementing on a commercial scale by the end of the year. I can't give more details than that, 
but yes, I mean, this is, as I've mentioned in the past, cleaner processes and upgraded product in 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
terms of properties compared to what we've been selling so far. Its high-performance materials 
produced using cleaner technologies. 
Rohit Potti: 
So, could you give -- I mean, I know you don't want to share more details, I understand that. So, 
in terms of entry barriers, so does it take longer to come up with the technology if a competitor 
has to do that? And is the approval process for these materials longer from the customer's point 
of view? I just want to know what the barrier to entry would be here? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think as far as the customer approval process is concerned, what we are seeing is given the 
level of interest that the tyre industry has in using a larger percentage of the high performance 
reclaim rubber. We are seeing that the approval times are likely to be shorter than what our 
traditional time used to be. I used to always say that process for approval used to be between 6 
to 24 months. I'm seeing based on the interest of the tyre industry that this time strain will be 
compressed a lot more, and therefore, faster approvals are definitely likely to be seen and 
witnessed. 
As far as barriers to entry are concerned, I would say, globally, there are 3 or 4 different 
technologies that are being tried and tested in different parts of the world. So, while we are 
claiming that we are looking at these new technologies for high performance materials, I think 
several technology providers as well as competitors are also testing and evaluating alternate 
technologies for commissioning as well. 
I mean, is it a question of either or, I don't think so. I think it's a question of this and that. And I 
think the tyre industry is welcoming all these different technologies. They are evaluating 
different materials. So, I personally feel that each of the different players, be the technology 
provider or a recycling company, if they are able to deliver on the promise of a better 
performance material and doing it in a cleaner way. 
I think the stress I want to put is this because a lot of tyre companies are asking for high 
performance materials, but they want to make sure that the processes are cleaner with less carbon 
footprint than the current set of processes. So as long as people are able to deliver, I am fairly 
confident the tyre industry will be able to absorb a lot more capacity in the coming years. 
If you just look at the aspirations that each of them have and the information of -- or rather what 
they have put out in the public domain in terms of targets of use of this recycled material, I think 
they will need multiple technologies to be approved for them to get to those numbers. So, I will 
be very surprised if they say, I like this technology versus that. I think they will say this 
technology for this product, this technology for that product. And I think they're going to be 
much quicker in adoption of these new products. 
Rohit Potti: 
So, one interesting which I noticed is that you didn't mention price in your whole commentary 
right now. So, I think in reclaim rubber, at least the legacy business, the price competitiveness 
as against rubber and other competitive products is an important factor. So, is that less of a factor 
in this higher performance technology? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Look, we will be working with the same raw material. And because we got cleaner processes, 
we are not expecting that the operating cost will be significantly higher than the current 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
technologies in use, because while overall operating costs might go up, the cost of pollution and 
compliance and all of those other things are going to be lower. Similarly, energy costs might be 
higher, but manpower costs will be lower. 
So, net-net, we believe that the overall operating cost with these newer technologies will be 
comparable to the current cost of technology operations. And therefore, the delta that will be 
available on the product performance will actually be margin accretive for the entire community. 
Rohit Potti: 
And going back to sort of the broader strategy over the next 3 to 5 years. So, over the last 2 or 3 
years, we've added at least 2 new very promising lines, the Engineering Plastics we are scaling 
up and the Repurposed Polyolefins that you referred to. So, are you going to double down on 
these -- the high technology reclaim rubber and these 2 non-reclaim businesses or are you adding 
more products? How are you thinking about that over the longer term? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I think -- I mean, if you look at -- or reflect on what I have mentioned in terms of divesting from 
non-strategic investments, including land, including subsidiary, et cetera, et cetera, we've kind 
of shored up enough cash and also the working capital efficiency that we've put in. I think the 
idea was to shore up the cash to pretty much to be able to invest across this entire spectrum of 
technologies in the tyre recycling space and in the plastic recycling space. 
The investment in the Engineering Plastic came naturally to us because of the linkage of the raw 
material. And at the moment, our expansion or the growth in that business will be linked to the 
extent of nylon or material that we are able to more or less generate from our own reclaim rubber 
processes. So, to that extent, the Engineering Plastic will kind of go hand in hand in terms of 
growth with the Reclaim Rubber expansion plan. As far as the polyolefin expansion is 
concerned, I think that will get more dependent based on product approvals from brand owners 
and our ability to kind of scale up the supply chain or the collection efforts. 
Just another quick reminder, I mean, again, you'll go through the financials in any case, but just 
something for you to watch out for is the asset turns in the Reclaim Rubber have always been 
low, but with the new technology will move up. But the asset turns in the plastic recycling 
business are already much higher than what we see in the Reclaim Rubber business. So, I mean, 
from that perspective, the ability to scale sooner with limited capital in the plastic recycling will 
be more effective. 
Rohit Potti: 
Sir, last question from my end is, so as things stand now, I mean, given the growth drivers which 
are retained Engineering Plastics and the Repurposed Polyolefins. Could you -- I mean, I know 
you touched upon the growth, but growth margins and returns on the employed capital. So, could 
you rank them in terms of -- as things stand now, it will be helpful, sir? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I didn't follow the question completely. I mean, you spoke about growth, you spoke about the 
ROCE, and you spoke about margins. Are you asking me which one is most important to rank 
it in the order of priority? 
Rohit Potti: 
No, no. How do these -- I mean, how do these 3 segments stand in these 3 parameters. So, growth 
you've conveyed that Repurposed Polyolefins and probably Engineering Plastics are much faster 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
growing. But in terms of margins and returns on the capital employed, how do these 3 segments 
rank is what I was curious to know. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
So, I mean, again, interesting question. When we do the capital allocation, one can't have a 
myopic view. And given that the polymer industry as well as, as a result of the commodity 
industry and the pricing in there is so volatile. I mean, gone are the days when we could make 
5-year plans with very little variability from those plants. I think today, even sticking to a 1-year 
or a 2-year plan is becoming extremely hard. 
Given that backdrop, I would say, for the Reclaim Rubber business, in the long run, the ROCE 
will improve as we double down our efforts on different types of end products and different 
technologies that we will adopt. So, I think there the rate is against -- rate for improving margins 
and ROCE are based on the pace at which we are able to get into these new technologies. 
As far as nylon is concerned, we continue to remain competitive, and the margins are high 
because of the back-end integration into the supply chain that is coming from the tyre recycling 
business. So, I think there, I would say, the margins and the ROCE will probably be the highest, 
but there the ability to scale is limited because we will continue to depend on our own raw 
material. 
As far as Repurposed Polyolefin space is concerned, again, it's a little too early to say anything 
because there's very few organized competitors in this industry as of now. But that will change 
come 1 April 2024, because once the mandate is in place, you will really start seeing a lot more 
manufacturers becoming more aggressive, more active. And as a result, whoever is able to 
assume full position in terms of most brand owners as customers and product which is able to 
be incorporated at 30% and 50%, that is really what will dictate the future margins and ROCE. 
So, I think as far as Repurposed Polyolefin is concerned, I think it's really too early for us to tell 
you where we stand in the pecking order. When it comes to nylon, I can confidently say that, I 
mean, these margins and ROCE will always remain high given our backward integration. And 
as far as RR is concerned, our ability to commercialize this new technology will dictate how the 
margins and ROCE improve over the course of the next 3 to 5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kanika Kothari from Kothari Securities. 
Kanika Kothari: 
Sir, just wanted some -- I wanted to know if you could give any long-term guidance on revenue 
margins. Maybe what can be the sustainable EBITDA margin for Reclaim and Non-Reclaim 
Rubber business? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I mean, like in the past, I've never been able to give a guidance on either revenue or margins. I 
mean, as a policy, we've not really done it. So unfortunately, apologies, Kanika, but I wouldn't 
be able to provide a perspective. Yes, I would say, we've had a 17%-odd growth in revenue this 
year. I mean, at least for the next 1 or 2 years, we are hoping based on the capacity that we have 
created, that we will have a double-digit growth over the course of the next 2 years on a sustained 
basis. 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
On the margin front, again, I mean, we don't comment on where it will go, but I've already given 
you adequate information over the call-in terms of steps we are taking to improve the operating 
margins from where we are currently. So, I think that should suffice for now. I mean, we don't 
formally give out guidance on numbers, etcetera, as a policy. But as I said, I've already told you 
what we are doing to improve the margins. I don't think I can comment beyond that. I hope you 
understand. 
Kanika Kothari: 
And lastly, just wanted to know your thoughts on bonus issue and/or a split? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
I mean, I think at the Board level, we continue to deliberate on all such capital restructuring 
proposals. I mean, this -- if I may, I mean, the question that you asked in some ways I take back 
is a recommendation or a suggestion which we will certainly discuss at the next Board meeting. 
And then if the Board does feel that our capital structure allows us to look at either of a 
structuring to issue bonuses, we will consider it. 
At this stage, I don't have any commitment, comment or view on the same. As far as split is 
concerned, if the objective is to sort of improve liquidity in the market, it's also something that 
we have been considering and thinking about and we shall look at it and implement it at an 
appropriate time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kartik Bhat an Individual Investor. 
Kartik Bhat: 
So, my question was around the Engineering Plastics division. Some of it was answered I think 
earlier, but I was reading up on the presentation that it has applications in consumer, automotive, 
electrical and electronics and so on. So, what is our differentiator as such that gives us the edge 
versus other competition in this sector? That is one. And do we have any number in mind saying 
that how much will the likely contribution would be from the non-Reclaim business? Reclaim 
versus Non-Reclaim pie, maybe 3 to 4 years down the line? 
Harsh Gandhi: 
As I replied to Kanika, I mean, I'm not in a position to give you numbers, but a long-term vision 
which has been always aspirational in nature and has been sort of provided in the past as well is 
that we want at some point that the Non-Reclaim Rubber businesses should become as large as 
the Reclaim business in time to come. I mean, I don't want to set a timeline to that, but that's the 
internal aspiration that we have. 
As far as your question on competitive intensity and the niche or the advantage that we have in 
the Engineering Plastics space, as I said, I mean, we continue to -- I mean, the Engineering 
Plastics business is based on reprocessed nylon and glass-filled or the compounded nylon. And 
the nylon in this majority of this is coming from our Reclaim Rubber business, which is basically 
from end-of-life tyres. We also use textile waste; we also use some amount of fishnet waste. And 
the combination of this is what is providing us the raw material to serve these different industries. 
As far as the automotive is concerned, I mean, there are several applications which somebody 
asked in the past, which are metal components that are moving to plastics and within that nylon. 
And nylon as a percentage within the automotive is kind of moving up. When it comes to 
electrical and electronics, I mean, this is all lot to do with the switch gears. As an end consumer, 

 
 
 
 
GRP Limited 
May 31, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
industrial is actually conveying in the material handling systems and consumer is things like 
furniture and luggage and so on, which uses again a lot of the nylon. 
I mean, our competitive advantage is the fact that we have our own source of raw materials. A 
lot of the other recycling companies don't have access to in-house raw materials. They are relying 
on collectors who are collecting end-of-life waste or post-industrial waste. And they are buying 
those at market prices and being able to blend it and they are compounding. In our case, because 
it's in-house, that's the leverage or the advantage that we have against our competitors. I hope 
that answers both parts of the question. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Harsh Gandhi for his closing comments. 
Harsh Gandhi: 
Thank you all. As I always say that for me these investor calls are more learning from all of you 
guys because the question that you ask as always are always insightful, gives us a good sense of 
direction and it helps us to go back to the drawing board to look for more answers for your 
questions. So, with that, I'd like to thank each of you for the time having taken to attend the call 
for preparing yourselves for asking these insightful questions. 
And as I said, we will go back to the drawing board, work on some of these. And we are hoping 
that this year with all the changes that we've made in the last year, it will start reflecting on much 
improved performance. And I guess the government regulation and the EPR implementation 
should help your company grow more rapidly than we have in the last 1 decade. 
So without referencing the gentleman who asked me about how we were 10 years ago versus 
now, I guess this is in some ways a new dimension for the entire industry, a lot of interest across 
different stakeholder communities, most importantly, the customers, and we continue to remain 
committed to serve them, provide them with new products, new technologies, and hopefully, 
therefore, better performance for all of our shareholder partners. Thank you so much for your 
time and appreciate the same. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GRP Limited, 
that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
