 
          
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
CIN-L72900DL1986PLC330369 
Regd. Office: 622, 6th Floor, DLF Tower A, Jasola Distt. Center, New Delhi- 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
         Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector-125, Noida- 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, - Tel: +91 120 5029101 
           Email ID: Complianceofficer@digispice.com; Website: www.digispice.com 
 
Date: August 8, 2023 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call held on 1st August, 2023 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated 26th July, 2023 intimating you about the schedule of 
the conference call for Investors/Analysts held on 1st August, 2023 with senior 
management team, please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call.  
 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts . 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the 
same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
(Ruchi Mehta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
RUCHI 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by RUCHI MEHTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=8e892ab09e48a636e0dbc885f
dbf93d53d095341b4241609cd3943c6aa
3e931b, postalCode=110091, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=cd0d3e0ee621ced09f7c5
9de557f78e2914d4d9a98a3be999b1ae4
ad155b0f45, cn=RUCHI MEHTA 
Date: 2023.08.08 22:43:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
DiGiSPICE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Zoom Webinar 
 
August 1st, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Participants:  
Mr. Dilip Modi, Chairman, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited; 
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Co-founder, Executive Director & CEO, Spice 
Money Limited; and 
Mr. Sunil Kapoor, Whole Time Director & CFO, Spice Money Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Zoom Webinar 
August 1st, 2023 
 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Good afternoon everyone. Warm welcome to the Earnings Zoom Webinar of DiGiSPICE 
Technologies Limited (‘DiGiSPICE’ or the ‘Company’) for Q1 FY24. We have with us Mr. Dilip 
Modi, Chairman of DiGiSPICE; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Co-founder, Executive Director, & Chief 
Executive Officer of Spice Money Limited (‘Spice Money’); and Mr. Sunil Kapoor, Whole-Time 
Director & Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward looking in nature. The actual results may vary as they are dependent on 
several external factors. The statement in this regard has been included in the results 
presentation sent to you earlier. We will commence the call with the management taking you 
through the operational and financial performance for the period under review following 
which we will have an interactive Q&A session. I would now like to invite Mr. Dilip Modi to 
commence the presentation. Over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Modi: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of DiGiSPICE, I would like to welcome you all to the 
Q1FY24 call for the company. It is always a pleasure to get to interact with all of you and we 
have always walked away from these discussions with lots of learnings and insights based on 
the questions & answers that we have in this session. I am looking forward to similar 
interactive dialogue with all of you today. Friends, in Q1 at the start of April, we took a 
decision to exit our digital technologies segment business and therefore, if you see from Q1 
onwards, we are only reporting in our results the financial technology services segment. So, 
now when you look at the results, you basically end up seeing the business of Spice Money 
and related costs. All financials linked to the digital technology services business are now 
shown as a single line around as profit & loss from discontinued operations. So, it is much 
easier for everyone to now track the progress of the continuing business versus the 
discontinuing business. The discontinued operations will continue to get reflected in the 
consolidated financials of the company over the next few quarters, but we are hoping that 
the impact of this will just taper off and finally we will just end up reporting the financials 
associated with the continuing operations, which is that of Spice Money and related 
businesses. 
We at DiGiSPICE continue to be very excited about the fintech space, specifically the area that 
we are focused on, which is rural fintech. We at Spice Money are committed to solve for the 
challenges around lack of access to lots of consumers and merchants in semi-urban and rural 
India. Through our Spice Money digital platform, we are enabling delivery of both financial 
and non-financial services, both in deep rural India as well as in semi-urban India. Over the 
last 3 to 4 years, we have built one of the largest OFF-US AePS networks in the country, with 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
close to over 17% market share. Our network is now present in over 2.37 lakhs villages of 
India and approx 6,500 small towns. As the economy progresses from USD 3.5 trillion to 
upwards, it is this part of India that will significantly grow to contribute to the growth of the 
Indian economy. And we, through our digital distribution network, see ourselves playing a 
significant role in that GDP growth. 
Our focus is to leverage the Spice money distribution network that we have built out to be 
able to add value to other segments. In our call today, we will share with you some of the 
progress that we have seen at the start of this financial year in new segments like the 
collections business, the banking business, as well as the credit business; all three of which 
have already started showing some numbers this quarter. Our goal continues to be to build a 
very healthy and robust financial and digital services delivery business. We believe that there 
exists significant unserved and underserved demand pools, whether it be in the space of 
credit, savings, or commerce in semi-urban and rural India. And we are excited to work with a 
lot of product manufacturers and service providers, be it leading banks in the country, NBFCs, 
insurance players, and many other players in the commerce segment to see how we can 
enable them to be able to deliver goods & services to markets in deep rural India in a very 
cost efficient and viable way. 
We are very excited that we start the year with now a restructured set of financials where we 
are now being able to demonstrate our focus on a very core business segment of ours, which 
is fintech. And we hope that going forward, over the next few quarters, we will be able to 
show you how the business is growing quarter on quarter in this particular segment. 
I would now like to hand over to Sanjeev, the CEO of the company, to walk us through some 
of the business metrics. Over to you, Sanjeev. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Good afternoon everyone. Firstly, a warm welcome to this Q1 FY24 results presentation. 
What I will do is I will go through a couple of slides talking about the Spice Money business 
model and give you an update on the business numbers. And then I will request Sunil to come 
in to take us through the financial highlights for Spice Money and also the consolidated. 
My first few slides will be a bit repetitive for others who have been attending these calls, but 
allow me to do this for anyone who has just tuned in for the first time. What are we trying to 
solve in Spice Money? Fundamentally, we are democratizing financial and digital services for 
the underserved. And how are we doing it? We are building on the digital stacks to solve for 
this problem of lack of access in rural India. Was this problem there earlier? Answer is yes, it 
has been there for years. But the fact that in the last 6 years, this country which has been 
able to build open infrastructure and digital stacks that we could leverage is what has enabled 
players like us to solve for this fundamental problem of lack of access. The current digital 
stacks on the left, as all of us know about it, is what we have been using. There are emerging 
digital stacks which we are aware of. ONDC is one of them. AA (Account Aggregator) is 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
another. Even Digital Health ID is a futuristic, very interesting digital stack that is going to 
emerge. Can we at Spice Money leverage the current digital stacks the way we have been 
doing and then also bank on the new emerging digital stacks to solve for the problems of lack 
of access of those segments? That is the opportunity we are chasing. 
Given this, what is our business model? For us, our customer is the Spice Money 
entrepreneur whom we call a Spice Money Adhikari. We have enabled this person, this 
entrepreneur with an app which we call the Spice Money Adhikari app. On this app, we have 
enabled a lot of services which he uses to serve consumers in and around his community. 
Example, if you look at it on one side, you have these service partners like banks, insurance 
companies, NBFCs, and even the digital additional services companies like Commerce, Travel, 
who want to enter rural India. We have enabled those services on this platform, this app. And 
here, there's this entrepreneur in a village or a block level where a consumer walks up to him 
and says, "Hey listen, I want to withdraw money. Can you help me?" He does that. He wants 
to transfer money to a certain account. He wants to pay his loan EMI, he wants to pay his 
electricity bills, he wants to book a ticket. All those services that he wants to do, he visits this 
Spice Money Adhikari and he avails these services at the doorstep right there at the village. 
We believe that this current business model is a win-win because one at the center who is 
our customer entrepreneur, he is earning money. The more and more products and services 
we enable for him, the more and more business he does and more and more money he 
makes. This is the entrepreneurship. On one side is the service partners who wanted to 
access rural India but were unable to do it. Now, they are using our network and our platform 
to access at much lower cost. And then there is this rural consumer who was not able to get 
access to these services earlier, but he or she gets this at the doorstep at his village or block. 
Ultimately, what does this lead to the vision for the app in the hands of the entrepreneur, in 
the hands of the Spice Money Adhikari, is a ‘Super App’ which has all the services that we 
have written here. A few of them are live and we are working at different scales out of the 
others which are in blue. A few of the services have already gone live. For example, travel, 
savings, credit; even in the commerce ONDC is live, G2C services are live on the platform, but 
we continue to work on those which are not live and over a period of time we will ensure that 
all these services are live on the Spice Money Adhikari app. 
What have we done at the core of this? We have been able to build a network of Spice 
Money Adhikari. Over the last 3 years, this has been growing at a phenomenal rate. I think 
this is one big opportunity that we saw at the back of a digital stack of what NPCI built. We 
have grown this network to over 1.2 million now. It covers over 2.37 lakh villages and approx. 
6,500 blocks. This is the semi-urban and rural India opportunity which we believe has this 
problem of lack of access. If you look at the population, about 82 crores of Indians stay in this 
population, a very, very large population, a very large opportunity size. And we believe we 
have built a network that we can leverage to solve for this problem. 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Coming to some key business updates; I will call upon three of them. The customer's gross 
transaction value, this is the business that is done on our platform by the entrepreneurs to 
serve the consumers, a very healthy growth. It's about nearly Rs. 27,500 Cr in Q1. The service 
fee revenue corresponding to the customer cross transaction value, again, Rs. 106 Cr vis-a-vis 
Rs. 103 Cr of last year same time. And likewise, the service fee GM (gross margin), which is 
the money that we earn from these transactions, is Rs. 39.3 Cr. Again, 4% up than last year. 
We are seeing a continued growth momentum every quarter. 
There are different products that I want to talk about. Going forward, we believe that there is 
opportunity to now grow all products and continue this growth going forward. 
This is the first time I am putting up this slide and it is very important to call out because I 
think this is exactly what I have been talking about over the last 4 quarters that I can vividly 
remember, is the opportunity for Spice Money to move out of just being a cash out network 
to being a multiproduct business network. We have been doing a lot of work and a lot of the 
investments that we did as the organization over the last 18 months were primarily to fuel 
this opportunity. I feel extremely glad that all that effort and the management team that we 
have built, we are seeing results as I speak with you and I am very confident that these results 
will only improve as I speak. If you look at this, the big highlight I am seeing, while the margin 
has grown, but at a higher margin, the cash in/cash out contribution has declined by 11%. 
What used to be an 82% contributor last year similar time is now at 71%. Collections, which is 
the next big opportunity that we saw and we started to scale that up, it gives me extreme 
amount of pleasure that that business now contributes to 15% of the gross margin that we 
are earning in a quarter, that was 9% last year. That's the kind of growth we believe it will 
continue. There is enough opportunity to grow more. Credit, another business we are very 
excited about. It was contributing last year and I am going to talk about more in the 
subsequent slide. But again, this is something of a business line that we believe we are at a 
stage where we see that this business is going to start contributing significantly to our overall 
business. Banking is a new entry here. It was not live last year same quarter. It started to 
contribute, small numbers right now but, again, another business line that we believe will 
contribute significantly over the next few quarters. 
I want to give an update on the 4 critical, key businesses. Starting with AePS first, it happens 
to be our first bread and butter and our right to win started here. Our objective has always 
been to consolidating OFF-US market leadership, continue to be the No 1 OFF-US player here. 
I am more than happy to say that we have continued that. Our market share growth has 
grown to 17.45% even in this quarter. Needless to say, I have been talking about it earlier also 
that the AePS OFF-US business at an industry level has been de-growing. In certain quarters, 
it was stagnated, but if you look at Q1 FY23 and Q1 FY24, it has de-grown. The overall OFF-US 
AePS business has reduced, but our market share has always been improved. This just shows 
that we continue to work to consolidate this space and become the No. 1 player. And we 
have been using a few strategies to do it. How we ring fence our top Adhikaris through some 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
preferred plans, which is a combination of better pricing and better service and focusing on 
few districts and markets where we believe the network needs to get deepened more. 
The second big one is the Collection business. Again, if you look at the graphs on both sides, 
one is CMS and one is bill payment. CMS here, which is about cash management. Bill payment 
is broken into 2 parts, one is the utility bill payments, but what I am requesting you to focus 
on is EMI, which is the EMI loan collection that happens at the Adhikari network. It has been 
growing at double digits and that the numbers are visible here. What I want us to take away 
from here is, today primarily is if you look at the table on the right side bottom corner, we 
had about 12,500 Adhikaris transacting on the BBPS platform where a customer would come 
to deposit his loan EMI. Today, that has gone to 38,000 approx. If you look at similar numbers 
(bill payment), the similar number was Rs. 126 Cr in Q1FY23, it has grown to Rs. 648 Cr in 
Q1FY24. But vis-a-vis on the CMS side, Rs. 3,880 Cr in Q1FY23, it is Rs. 6,042 Cr this time. So, 
we are very excited on this business opportunity. Our internal market size estimates that we 
have done here confirms that there is a significant room of growth for this business and we 
are very excited to grow this business as we build Spice Money over the next few years. 
This is CASA, which is current account, savings account. We have started this; this is a new 
product entry in our suite. We have gone live with about 26,000 Adhikaris. This is nearly less 
than 5%, this is about 2% of our total Adhikari base. Early days for us here. But again, we see 
a big demand for this product in both rural India and urban India and we believe that this is a 
significant opportunity that we can leverage upon . 
Next slide is on credit. Like I just mentioned, this is the AePS collections, banking, and credit. 
These are the 4 important business lines that I want to talk about. Credit if you look at this, 
there are a few highlights that I want to pick out here. It is not the numbers which is 
important, it is the way we are trending towards it. We started with Adhikari loan, we have 
also launched Grahak loan in this quarter. Last quarter, we did some very minimal business in 
Grahak loans, about Rs. 41 lakhs, this scaled to Rs. 2.1 Cr in this quarter. The average ticket 
size, these are very small ticket sizes, again, typical of our segment that we are dealing with. 
But again, a very large opportunity. I don't have to talk about the opportunity size in this, 
everybody is aware. We believe in terms of the efforts that we have put with the 
management team in place over the last 18 months, we are very excited of how we want to 
build this. We see a significant room of growth opportunity here. Currently, we have 6 
lending partners. We are doing this business as being partners to them. We don't do this on 
our balance sheet. And there are many more that are in progress in terms of integrations. 
And we believe that this is another big opportunity that we will unfold in terms of growth 
over the next few quarters. That's all from my side. I am requesting Sunil now to please take 
us through the financial numbers. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
Good evening everyone. I am covering this slide with respect to financial highlights of Spice 
Money which is having the financial technology services business. And for this quarter gone 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
by, we have done a customer GTV of approx. Rs. 27,000 Cr against Rs. 25,500 Cr . in the 
previous quarter which is a 7% growth on the customer GTV side. On the revenue side, there 
is also growth in service fees by 5% in comparison to the previous quarter. Though our gross 
margins here look like less compared to the previous quarter. This is due to the adjustment. 
We can refer to the note we have put in with a star mark that there is some accounting 
practice which we were doing with respect to our devices accounting which we can see from 
Q1FY23, the gross margin (Airtime/Subscription/Device) was Rs. 5 Cr which has now come 
down Rs. 2 Cr. That's only the impact of Rs. 3 Cr. If we see apple to apple, then we have seen 
growth in the gross margins in this quarter compared to the previous quarter. 
Indirect cost is almost flat, not increased in terms of the way we have grown from the 
previous year's same quarter. EBITDA this quarter is Rs. 2.6 Cr compared to Rs. 5 Cr in the 
previous quarter. The reason I had explained is with respect to the device accounting. That's 
why the EBITDA is looking lower which is almost flat in terms of QoQ comparison. And if we 
see the depreciation part, what I had explained in the first note, the depreciation on the 
devices which we were capitalizing, we have discontinued it from 1st April and result of that 
our depreciation is lower in this quarter, and due to the same, our EBIT is better compared to 
the previous quarter. If we see our Service fee GM to service fee revenue, it continues to be 
at almost the same level, 37% to 38%. 
In the next slide, here is the consolidated financial summary as mentioned by Dilip that we 
have discontinued the business of Digital Technology Services segment and which has been 
reported separately. So, now the consolidated financial summary, besides the discontinued 
operations, comes under this slide, which has Spice Money business primarily and some 
corporate and other income that is coming under this slide. If we see that on the EBITDA side, 
there was a negative number in Others which is almost Rs. 2 Cr. And on the EBIT side, we 
have a better positioning from this quarter, that's Rs. 6 Cr; Rs. 7 Cr coming out from Spice 
Money and Rs. (1 Cr) coming out from others which is not allocated directly to the Spice 
Money. This is the consolidated financial summary. The same reasons of what I have covered 
in the previous slides is also mentioned over here in this slide on the right-hand side. That's 
the change in the device accounting and consequently the depreciation has also got 
decreased. 
We can move to the next slide. This is just a summary of the discontinued operations. Though 
there is an operating loss in this quarter with respect to Rs. 1 Cr, there is an exceptional item 
due to discontinuation of the business, the goodwill and one of the disposal of the subsidiary, 
coming out from this discontinued business. This is a one-time item of Rs. 6 Cr. In tax 
expense, because we could not carry forward the deferred tax asset, that has been also 
written off amounting to Rs. 13.43 Cr, and due to this reason, the profit after tax is looking 
negative Rs. 21 Cr. This exceptional item and this one-time write-off will not be there going 
forward. And hopefully we will be having very minimal losses as we have discontinued the 

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
operations. Going forward, the consolidated results will be without this business which was 
dragging the results of the company on an overall basis. 
That's all from my side. I give it back to Shiv for the question & answers. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
We will now commence our interactive session over Q&A. We will take questions from all 
participants. Please take your name and the firm that you represent to identify yourself 
before asking your question. We will be taking questions via chat as well, in case any 
participant would like to type in questions, even that is available. Now we will wait for a 
moment for questions and we will start the Q&A session. The first question is from the line of 
Debashish Neogi. 
Debashish Neogi: 
First of all, congratulations, sir. The kind of infrastructure you all have created on ground in 
rural areas is commendable. If I were to look at it from an outside-in perspective, what I see is 
that if I break the business as phase 1 which has already happened and what you are going to 
get into. Phase 1 was building a simple and convenient banking solution, innovative new 
products to meet evolving needs of consumers and Adhikaris, you have built a good 
distribution network. That was phase 1. Now, your phase 2 growth what I see, sir, is going to 
come from, mainly – correct me if I am wrong – you are looking at credit and banking as a big 
opportunity. I have a few questions. My first question to you is that credit is a different ball 
game, so are you going to take credit risk on your books? Will the AUM  come into your 
books? or it is just you are using the platform for the lending partners where the AUM will sit 
on lending partners' books? Second question is, you referred to on one of the slides on MFI, 
there is an EMI collection bit through BBPS. If you could elaborate on that. Are you also 
collecting on behalf of MFIs? That was the second question. Third question is who is your 
closest competition? You are unique in nature, specifically in rural, but if I were to force you 
to name a nearest competitor or who you feel is a good competitor who you are 
benchmarking with, who would it be? That is the third question. Fourth question is that since 
it is a B2B and B2C business also in a way, what has been the consumer experience as per 
you? And the fifth question which is very important. This is a very crowded space where what 
I understand is the barrier to entry is on a lower side. From that perspective, what do you feel 
is the competitive edge for DiGiSPICE? For now, these are the 5 questions. 
Dilip Modi: 
Maybe what I will do is give it a first crack and then Sanjeev and Sunil can add on. Your first 
question, Debashish, was on the credit business how we see it. As you saw in the 
presentation that we just made Debashish, today we are looking at tying up with third-party 
lenders who are leveraging our platform to be able to reach out to both our Adhikaris and the 
customers that are approaching the Adhikaris in a low-cost efficient way. Therefore, our 
approach to credit is purely a platform approach where we are looking to increase both the 
number of people taking loans as well as the value of the loans overall. Therefore, this is 
something that we will earn a fee out of, both in terms of connecting lenders and borrowers, 
and effectively taking a marketplace approach to this. On the aspect of MFI, I will let Sanjeev 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
talk about that later, as well as on competition. I think to your point on consumer experience, 
for us, Debashish, our Adhikaris which are the entrepreneurs in semi-urban and rural are our 
principal customers, and they are the ones who are using our app and web product on a daily 
basis, and they are the ones who we track our consumer experience with. So, both in terms 
of the time spent on the platform on a daily basis, the drop offs that happen, and the whole 
ability to navigate through the platform to be able to use multiple products and services is 
something that we measure consistently to be able to track consumer experience. For us, our 
entrepreneurs are our consumers, and effectively, for us, the way they experience the 
product is what is important to us. I think your final question on this is a crowded space, I 
would say that Debashish, very honestly, we do not see it as that much of a crowded space 
actually. It is a low barrier to entry because it is not a licensed business. It is a tech business, 
and therefore, people can enter, but this does require a lot of heavy lifting on the ground in 
terms of signing up merchants and entrepreneurs on the platform. Therefore, the heavy 
lifting on the ground is something that any new entrant has to do. And once you have a 
certain scale of merchants who are using your platform, who are deploying working capital 
with you and using multiple products, it automatically becomes a barrier for them to switch 
because there is a switching cost for them to move to other platforms. I think that is what 
gives us a competitive edge, being one of the early players of the block in terms of scaling up 
this network, both in terms of tech capability as well as on the ground capability of 
onboarding over a million merchants. And therefore, for anyone to replicate this will take 
time, cost and effort. That's what gives us a competitive edge. Maybe, Sanjeev, you could 
begin by talking a bit about our MFI business as well as competition. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Debashish, adding to what Dilip just said on the point of EMI collections; the collection as a 
business the problem statement here, if I can go a bit deeper here, is that most of these 
NBFCs and MFIs, primarily MFIs, have lent to a lot of consumers in semi-urban and rural India. 
And today what would happen is they would send their agents to go and pick up money 
which is the EMI, come back to the branch office, which is in the district headquarters, and 
deposit the cash over there. Our proposition to all of them is, why do you want your agent to 
come back? Why don't you use our own network of Adhikaris for them as cash collection? 
Your agent does not have to come back to your office. He comes and deposits to the Spice 
Money Adhikari on the way because my Adhikari is there right in the village. So, what has 
become is the network of Spice Money has now also become a collection network for agents 
of MFIs and NBFCs for the loan EMIs. We extended this – while this was an agent collection, 
which is CMS – the extension is we also have a BBPS where we have BBPS agent license 
holder in which now that there are a lot of MFIs who are already onboarded as billers on 
BBPS, in which now even the consumers in a village can come directly to the Spice Money 
Adhikari outlet and deposit their EMIs. That's a very encouraging trend that we are seeing. 
And this is a very big problem statement, especially with ladies who are the MFI beneficiaries 
of loans, which is the segment who have taken the MFI loans. Their biggest problem 
statement is stepping out of the village for domestic reasons. And now there is an Adhikari in 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
the village. So, you know what? She doesn't have to step out. She comes here and deposits 
the EMI every month at the Spice Money Adhikari. That's the opportunity that we are seeing 
and that's the business model on the MFI EMI that you asked about. Who's our closest 
competitor? I think the ability for a network like us to do more products and services like 
collection, banking, credits, more digital services, I think that is where we find ourselves 
uniquely positioned and we even believe we can win. 
Debashish Neogi: 
Sir, this MFI space which you just mentioned, the collection, I have been invested in this 
space and I have been closely track for more than a decade the MFI space. If you see with all 
the black swan events, that space is growing. I am seeing the sector has been growing more 
than 20% and it is going to grow more than 20% this decade also. You have mentioned the 
market size as Rs. 1,55,000 Cr. I am not sure are you talking only about the digital side of the 
MFI collections or the entire collection here? Because, the entire market is close to Rs. 5, 
00,000 Cr. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
There were two parts we mentioned. One was the CMS market estimate. These are more 
internal to us. And one was BBPS that was more of the EMI assisted and that also along with 
billers who are on the BBPS platform. So, it's a slightly smaller segment that we have taken as 
an opportunity. Like you said, the outstanding is Rs. 2, 00,000 Cr. So, the opportunity on this 
MFI space is very big. 
Debashish Neogi: 
And this is very unique, what you are trying to do. The only thing is, sir, this MFI collection is 
very high touch business. I am not sure how that touch will get addressed through the 
Adhikari network and plus there are sometimes cheque bouncing happens. Do the systems 
integrate? For example, what I mean is that are you tying up with MFI companies where your 
Adhikaris are collecting or it is standalone? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
This is a very interesting question. We can have a longer conversation on this, Debashish, but 
some very interesting trends are emerging in this space. What MFI used to appear, 
Debashish, which means you have to have that group meetings for collection. And the 
meeting was very important as a fulcrum to collection. That is dissipating with time. There is a 
segment of women, especially who says, "You know what, tell me where to deposit the 
money. I know when I have to do it, I will come and deposit the money." And 1) that’s a very 
encouraging thing. 2) On the MFI space, they are also encouraging such behaviors because for 
them, the cost, the economics of collection goes down. 3) Our Adhikari, like I said, are now in 
2.37 lakhs villages today. When Adhikari is at the village, which then also becomes very 
convenient for the lady to come and deposit. And most of this money deposition is 
happening, not most, actually everything is happening in cash. There is no cheque bouncing. 
So, we are integrated. Since they are live on BBPS, the MFI's integrated system is integrated 
on BBPS as a biller. We put the money, it's all reconciled. They get a dashboard on a daily 
basis. 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Debashish Neogi: 
Sir, one more question I have if you can permit. How are you acquiring Adhikaris or the CASA 
accounts? Could you just elaborate your credit model, the Grahak Marketplace? I'm not 
talking about credit to Adhikaris. That is easier because they are on your platform. I'm talking 
about one level down, the consumer credit. How you are approaching that and how you are 
approaching CASA accounts? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
There are 2-3 parts that we are doing. One is we have this network of 1.2 million. That's a 
large network, but we definitely believe that you cannot chase everyone to do all products. 
There is a segment of this network that you start to engage with, who will do more of their 
profiling, who understand their interest, their entrepreneurship level, their own knowledge 
on this business. And that is a segment. That's why we said we have only on boarded about 
26,000 Adhikaris to do banking, to sell accounts. And that also is in the catchment area where 
we believe there is a potential to do banking, not everywhere. That's the way we identify the 
Adhikaris. We train the Adhikari to do this product. On credit, we follow a similar approach of 
identifying the potential Adhikaris. The way the product journey has been designed and I 
think that is where we bring the differentiation. When someone asks this question to us, 
what is your right to win? It's actually not only the network. It's also the journeys that we 
build. And I think that is where we come in, of doing a more grounds up product approach 
rather than just a top down. The entire leadership at Spice Money a lot of the work is spent 
on building this product platform. For example, the Grahak Marketplace, why we believe it 
can be scalable is just it’s very easy. A consumer comes there, he wants to access loan, he 
gets to know instantly and the money gets disbursed also. These are the pieces. And hence 
it's very important for us to work with such lenders who understand these journeys. We 
customize all of that. So, both lens, one is the Adhikari who is going to do this business. We 
need to know that person well. We need to enable that person. Second, the journey of the 
consumer. The digital product has to be very user friendly from a rural consumer perspective, 
not urban, which is what we bring. And third is these lenders who are very keen to approach 
this space. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Debashish, before you close, can you also let us know, share with us the firm that you 
represent? I think everyone else as well. 
Debashish Neogi: 
I am based out of Dubai. I represent a firm called Digitian Investment Limited. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
If anyone else would like to ask questions either through audio or through the chat, we are 
happy to take further questions. We have the next question. Joseph? 
Joseph: 
Good evening Sir, I just wanted to understand the difference between these Adhikari loans 
and the Grahak loans. 
Dilip Modi: 
Basically Adhikari loans are that the Adhikaris take for themselves. These are the 
entrepreneurs who are on our platform using the app. And Grahak loans are the loans that 

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Adhikaris enable their customers, who we are referring to as Grahak to take. So, Adhikari 
loans are the loans taken by the Adhikari and Grahak loans are loans taken by the Grahak that 
visit the Adhikari. 
Joseph: 
Sir, can you just give a brief about this business model, about this credit space and how are 
we operating and what are our plans to compete with the other companies? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Joseph, firstly, I think the opportunity is out there in the public space of the opportunity of 
credit in rural India. These are some mind-blowing numbers. I don't think that is something 
we want to talk about. Secondly, I feel the opportunity for players like us, which is what we 
are trying to solve is, again, the lack of access of credit. So on one side today, there are a lot 
of lenders including NBFCs who want to lend to this space. There are consumers who want to 
get that. But the ability to marry the demand and supply in areas like rural India and semi-
urban according to me, according to us at Spice Money is missing. Thirdly, building on that, 
the opportunity to customize the products for those consumers is missing because the need, 
the demand for credit is varied because the economic cycles, the monetary cycles, the 
ecosystem is very different than urban India. I think these are the few pieces that we are 
trying to work on to win or leverage the credit opportunity. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Next, we have a few questions on the chat. The next question comes from Rishu Dhavan. 
Rishu has 4 questions. The impact of legacy business in P&L in future quarters, will it be like 
zero revenue and zero expenses? That is completely shut down now. That's the first question. 
For this year '23-24, what will be the driver of growth? Which segment we feel would 
generate more revenues and profits? Third question, in the near future, is there any 
operating leverage that we anticipate because of the platform or the products that we have 
built? Question number four is, what is the scope of cross-selling like insurance products? 
Dilip Modi: 
Let me take the first one. Sunil, you can add to this. Basically, as far as the digital technology 
segment business is concerned, which we are calling the legacy business here, you can 
already see in Q1 results, we have not included the expenses associated with this business in 
the consolidated financials that have been presented. It's basically covered as a profit & loss 
line item of discontinued operations. So, Rishu, already in Q1 itself, you can see revenue and 
expenses only being reflected of the continuing business.  
                                                     Is it a complete shutdown? Yes, we have completely exited the B2B business, but like we said 
last quarter, these are B2B contracts that we have to serve out. We are not extending the 
duration of these contracts. In fact, in most cases we are handing over to other vendors. It is 
a complete shutdown, but it has to be done in a phased manner because we have customers 
whose contracts we need to honor. We are phasing down the expenses and of course the 
revenues are also phasing down side by side. That's why I said that the impact of this legacy 
business will continue in the consolidated financials, but we will see it as a separate line item 
of profit & loss from discontinued operations. Directionally, as you see, the consolidated 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
financials up to profit & loss from continued operations is what will indicate the business 
going forward. And hopefully from next financially onwards, the discontinued operations line 
itself will go away. 
Sunil Kapoor: 
I think in the next 2 to 3 quarters, we will be seeing it coming down, revenue and cost also 
simultaneously, and in the phased manner, it will be closed. 
Dilip Modi: 
The next question in terms of what is going to be the driver of growth, I think Sanjeev spoke 
about that in terms of what will generate new revenues and profits, Rishu. I think it's a lot to 
do with all the new products that are being launched. And Sanjeev spoke about that, the EMI 
loan collection market which is significant, and how our network can serve as a very strong 
collections network for a lot of the loans that are given out in rural India. Account opening, 
Sanjeev spoke about that; both current and savings account, huge demand for such accounts. 
And credit, a huge segment, underserved needs, and then a whole host of other digital 
services. What you are already seeing in one of the slides that you saw in terms of the 
product diversification, I think all of that is going to add to the new revenues and profits from 
the platform business in the future. And I think it kind of leads into the next question around 
leverage, right? Because eventually the costs are not going to scale in line with revenues, and 
therefore, it's going to deliver on leverage. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Rishu, I am going from the last three. The answer is fundamentally this model is built to 
generate operating leverage. In today's deck and that's why I wanted to call out the product 
diversification because that is the route to generate operating leverage. More and more 
products that we start to scale, more and more margin that we start to deliver, it translates 
directly into the bottom line. I think that is the unique opportunity we are sitting in. Are we 
confident that we will be able to deliver? We are extremely confident that we will be able to 
deliver. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
There is one follow-up question from Rishu once again. It's about your margins in loan EMI 
collections, credit, and account opening. What kind of margins do you have in these 
segments? 
Sunil Kapoor: 
The collections on the EMI side, this is on the BBPS platform which has standardized charges 
and the margin for us. It's almost 28% to 30% what we have for our service versus gross 
margin ratio. That is in line with that. And with respect to, on the credit side, because we are 
earning a fee income over there, that has on the basis of the collection and also on the 
disbursal and kind of administration charges. It comes around in the range of 1.5% to 3% of 
loan the loans disbursed and collected. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
Next, we have another question on the chat and this is from Amit Tiwari from Rainy 
Investments. If you could throw some more light on Grahak Marketplace though it's in the 
beta stage. What is your arrangement with Adhikari? 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Amit, I'll answer that. Again, like we said, we have just gone live with this this quarter. We 
started very briefly in the last quarter. About 36, if I remember the numbers correctly, 
consumers were given loans and this quarter has become nearly 1,500. But it's early days. 
The model is like we just spoke about that there's an Adhikari who on his platform is able to 
show that if there's a consumer who wants credit, he or she can come here and basis some 
underwriting which is basically on the credit bureau score is what the person gets a minimum 
instantly. Early days. So there are different product programs that we will be launching for 
different graphs. That is what we are doing. So, if you remember, there's one more line that 
had I put in there that we have also initiated BNPL QR product. And there are some early 
good signs there also that we are experiencing. So, to focus to enable a merchant to enable 
an Adhikari to offer credit to the consumers that come to him or her is the opportunity that is 
this whole Grahak Marketplace. So, it's a marketplace which will have all lenders enabling this 
credit through the Adhikari. 
Dilip Modi: 
Amit, just to add to Sanjeev's point, I think we do see it as a two-way marketplace, many to 
many. A lot of lenders who want to do secured lending in semi-urban and rural India today 
find it very difficult for them in a cost-viable way to access consumers. But by being part of 
our digital marketplace, they can get access to lots of consumers and their data and be able 
to underwrite digitally and be able to disburse some capital directly into their accounts. I 
think our platform serves as a good way to capture leads, data used for underwriting, and 
eventually be able to make sure that they can scale up on their products in a cost-viable way. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
I think the next question comes in from Rajiv Mehta. Any plans of starting remittances 
business? What is the percentage of total Adhikari payout? And third, who are our top 2 
competitors? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
I think Rajiv had put one more question earlier about scope of cross-selling like insurance 
products. Rajiv, you are right. I think insurance is another one important opportunity that we 
must chase and win in semi-urban and rural India. But like I have been always saying that we 
want to take up products one by one and we are very serious about building them. And I 
think that is the confidence that you will take away over the last 2 years. Vanilla AePS 
business is what we started with. Then we went into collections. We are scaling that up. It's 
already showing progress. Now we are moving to banking and credit. And insurance is 
definitely part of the roadmap. We will take it up, but once we want to scale up these 3 
products over the next at least 12 to 18 months to a significant level is when we will also take 
up insurance. 
Rajiv still had questions on any plans of starting a remittance business and which remittance 
business is this. I think there is a bit of domestic remittance which we are a part of. We are 
not very keen to build that business, not from any other reason but just because that we are 
more on the receiving side in terms of geography, more in the semi-urban and rural India and 
remittance happens from urban to semi-urban. So, we are more in the receiving end. Hence, 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
domestic remittance is not an important part. If you are talking of international remittance, 
nothing that we have started right, not that something we have in the immediate future. 
What is the percentage of total Adhikari payout? As a thumb rule, our business model 
revolves under making money from the product partners and about two-thirds of the money 
of that goes to Adhikari. 
Who are our top competitors? I just spoke about. I believe that we are very uniquely 
positioned and we are in a space of Segment of One which means that we are not able to 
figure out who our competition is. We actually believe we are uniquely placed here in terms 
of our business model and the opportunity that we are seeing, especially also in the segment 
that we are operating, which is genuine rule India primary and then semi-urban. 
Debashish Neogi: 
My question is, Adhikari is our partner for growth. Now, the product has been developed, the 
platform has been developed, and we are also building on distribution network by increasing 
the number of Adhikaris. Do you measure these Adhikaris, existing and new? And from where 
the growth is coming? Apparently from the slide, it appears 20% to 25% growth is coming 
from distribution increase where the number of Adhikaris have increased and the business 
also correspondingly is increasing, which means there are dropouts from Adhikari and the 
growth is coming mainly from the new Adhikaris. What I am trying to say is that is there a 
funnel where you look at existing and new customers and from where the businesses are 
coming or is it ticket size growth and that kind of data can you share, sir? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Debashish, let me answer that question. Maybe it's important for me to explain what we are 
trying to do and I think that will answer the question. One is, like you said, Adhikari is an 
entrepreneur. So, at the end of it, he will stay with you, he will continue to use your platform 
if you are able to provide him more products and services that he can offer, which means 
more products he can do, more money that he can make from the platform. If that be the 
theme and that is the way we are approaching. One was our entire business model is hinged 
on first is obviously increasing the distribution in the areas that we are not. From a coverage 
perspective, we want to be in all the villages. We check population density, for example, we 
pick out which pin codes and where do we have population density. We will do per capita 
density from an Adhikari perspective. We use those metrics to define our acquisition strategy 
of bringing the Adhikaris. That's one. However, that still will not serve the purpose because 
on the second point, you need to learn how can you engage these Adhikaris with more 
products and services. And that's exactly, Debashish, if you would pick up from my 
presentation has been the hallmark of what we have done in the last 18 months. Because, 
earlier we were more of an ATM banking network. That's how we started. But just being on 
one product would not enable the network to be sticky with you, the Adhikari to be sticky. 
And that is where we ventured into more products and that is where I think we realized the 
opportunity. With more products, we got more Adhikaris doing multiple products and hence 
their retention with us is significant. And just to answer your question, these are the 2 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
strategies. One is increasing the network in areas where we were not. So, you have to have a 
minimum distribution density to cater to the population. And second is you have to have 
more products and services which is what will help the Adhikari to grow his income and 
serve. 
Debashish Neogi: 
But my question is still not answered. What I am saying is your reach is 95% of the pin code. 
So you have reached. Of course, the productivity of the Adhikari may not be high in a 
particular pin code. You may replace or you may get new ones or where you see the growth is 
not coming, you are putting Adhikaris there. My question is that if you look last year's 
number, your Adhikari increase has been 23% whereas your customer gross transaction value 
has increased by 21%. Which means the entire growth has come from increasing Adhikaris. 
So, what I am saying is that when you have reached 95% of the pin code, then the business 
should come from existing Adhikaris. What I mean is that the top line growth should be more 
than the increasing Adhikaris is what I am trying to say. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
The answer is yes. There are, I think, 2 to 3 pointers I can give. You are right; we continue to 
grow our network. The network grew by 22% to 23%. However, one more thing happened in 
the industry. The AePS industry has degrown, what used to be our core business. Having said 
that, our GTV has grown because there are other products that fueled that made up for the 
loss of AePS business from an industry level. Like you said, is our growth vis-a-vis just linked 
to distribution growth? Your question could be that if the distribution has saturated, will the 
growth happen? Answer is a lot of the products that we are doing might not be GTV for credit 
is not a GTV enabler, banking is not a GTV enabler, but they are more margins enabler. 
Collection has a GTV impact. The number of the products that you are entering, it is not that 
GTV is only an indicator of the growth, it's also margin. Because, a lot of the products do not 
have GTV impact, they have margin impact. 
Debashish Neogi: 
My last question, sir. You have a bouquet of products, and you have built distribution, you 
have built your digital asset. My question is that is there any particular strategy of upsell and 
cross-sell? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Debashish, that's exactly what I am saying. It's all about upselling to the Adhikari. Today, like I 
said, all these products, they are layering on top of each other. We started with AePS, then 
we started to do collections, then we started banking, we also are doing credit. Today, for 
example, one of the matrices that we track is how many Adhikaris are doing more than 3 
products? That's nothing but cross-sell. That's nothing but upsell. 
Dilip Modi: 
Both your questions are kind of connected, right? As we move towards a multi-product 
platform, we expect our existing Adhikaris to start using the platform to do multiple products, 
and therefore, the operating leverage point that you were making that the scale in revenue 
should be faster than the scale in the network, and that's the point on operating leverage 
that we believe that we have an opportunity going forward as we scale on products. 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Debashish Neogi: 
Sir, people also must be contributing an important factor. Though it's a digital business but 
controlling the Adhikaris you must be having a proper organization structure – I am talking 
corporate structure or the field structure to manage the Adhikaris. People also play an 
important role in your business? 
Dilip Modi: 
Yes, Debashish. Today, we are about 1,200 employee strength internally which is spread 
across distribution, technology, corporate, product, and support functions. Apart from this, 
we have a network of about 4,800 distributors whom we call partners, who in their local 
geography, which is more than a district, so 2 blocks, maybe at a block level, we manage a set 
of Adhikaris in terms of acquisition, servicing, and upselling. That's the structure that we have 
today, Debashish. 
Debashish Neogi: 
What's your biggest challenge? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
The biggest challenge, Debashish, is that this market that we are talking about and these 
products that we are talking about, I don't know how many players have been able to crack 
this operating model, being able to demonstrate multi product. And that is the opportunity 
and that's a challenge. You have not been able to do it. There's a lot of customization. You 
need to understand rural very well. You need to design products. You need to marry the 
demand and supply. Everybody knows there is demand. Everybody knows there is supply. The 
question is who can marry the demand and supply? I think that is where the beauty is, that's 
where the opportunity is. Second, at a very operating level, hence, if you are able to do that, 
the Adhikari, entrepreneur stays with you because he does more and more products and 
services and he earns more and more. So, it's a chicken and egg situation. How can you marry 
the right product with the right Adhikari to serve the right consumer in the right market. I 
think that's the operating model that we need to crack. And we believe that we have been 
able to crack a few. We are on the path of being able to do for others. That is our challenge 
and opportunity, Debashish. 
Debashish Neogi: 
Sir, you have built a brilliant infrastructure. In fact, now you are completely focused on 
DiGiSPICE. And the presentation is crisp, sharp, and very easy to understand. All the best to 
you sir. My last question, sir, is what is the risk to the business as per you? I am saying 
business. You have been running this business for quite some time. As a company, what do 
you feel is the biggest risk? 
Dilip Modi: 
I think, Debashish, right now, single product dependency. I think AePS as a category continues 
to contribute significantly to our gross margins. And like Sanjeev mentioned, this industry has 
been facing headwinds in terms of overall size of the OFF-US AePS market and that's why we 
have been trying to grow our market share in this market. I think just product diversification 
and I think regulation-wise, it's a heavily regulated space, financial services. I think regulation 
is constantly evolving around lending and other spaces. These are something which is work in 

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
progress. But from a business point of view, I think just having a lot of your margins come out 
of a few products is the biggest risk that we carry. 
Shiv Muttoo: 
I think with that, we have addressed all the questions from participants in the call today, and I 
would now like to hand it over back to the management of DiGiSPICE and Spice Money for 
any closing comments. 
Dilip Modi: 
Let me once again, on behalf of the management of DiGiSPICE and Spice Money, thank 
everyone who has taken time out to join us on this call. We are a company which is work in 
progress. And just the parting thoughts that I would like to share with all of you is that we are 
in a very exciting space which is containing many demand pools which are unserved and 
underserved in the financial services segment. But like we said, we are in a Segment of One. 
We are constantly focusing on product innovation with the right set of partners to be able to 
get our Adhikari network to deliver a lot in terms of penetration of financial services in deep 
rural and semi-urban India. We believe that as we continue in this journey, it will place us in a 
unique position and really be able to add value to both sides, to a large base of consumers, 
over 80 crores of consumers who are living in rural and semi-urban India who are lacking 
access and a whole host of product players who are wanting to reach out to them and how 
digital platforms can serve as the most optimal way for them to be able to do it in a cost-
efficient manner. We are continuing in this journey. We hope quarter on quarter, we will be 
able to share with you our progress. And if there are any other insights and experiences that 
you can share with us, we are all reachable. We would love to stay connected even during the 
course of the quarter. On behalf of Sanjeev, Sunil, and all of us, thank you so much and we 
hope to stay connected. 
 
Note: This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy. 
