The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G 
July 21, 2023 
DGM – Corporate Relations 
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500408  
Bandra – Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: TATAELXSI 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
Sub.: Transcripts of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 
2023 held on Monday, July 17, 2023. 
The audio recording and transcript of the earnings conference call can be accessed on the Company’s 
website at: https://www.tataelxsi.com/investors.  
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Elxsi Limited 
Cauveri Sriram 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
CAUVERI 
SRIRAM
Digitally signed 
by CAUVERI 
SRIRAM 
Date: 2023.07.21 
11:40:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
“Tata Elxsi Limited
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ RAGHAVAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
MR. NITIN PAI – CHIEF MARKETING AND CHIEF
STRATEGY OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
MR. GAURAV BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
MS. CAUVERI SRIRAM – COMPANY SECRETARY –
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHASHANK GANESH – ERNST & YOUNG 

Tata Elxsi Limited 
July 17, 2023 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tata Elxsi Limited Q1 FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Shashank Ganesh from EY. Thank you and over to you Mr. Ganesh. 
Shashank Ganesh: 
Thank you very much. Good evening to all the participants on the call. Good morning if you're 
logging in from the Western side. Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the 
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. Therefore, it must be viewed in conjunction with the business 
risk that could cause further result performance or achievements that differ significantly from 
what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the senior 
management of Tata Elxsi, represented by Mr. Manoj Raghavan, Managing Director and CEO; 
Mr. Nitin Pai, Chief Marketing and Chief Strategy Officer; Mr. Gaurav Bajaj, Chief Financial 
Officer; and Ms. Cauveri Sriram, Company Secretary. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the past quarter by Mr. Raghavan, followed by a 
Q&A session. We would appreciate your cooperation in restricting yourselves to 2 questions to 
allow participants an opportunity to interact. If you have any further questions, you may join 
the queue, and we will be happy to respond to them if time permits. With that, I would like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Manoj Raghavan. Over to you, Manoj. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you, Shashank. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you all for joining us this 
evening for the earnings call. We are happy to report a healthy operating revenue growth of 
17.1% year-on-year in the current macroeconomic environment, while delivering an EBITDA 
margin of 29.6%. In constant currency terms, our revenue grew by 1.2% quarter-on-quarter 
and 11.9% year-on-year. 
During the quarter, our Healthcare and Life Sciences business reported a healthy quarter-on-
quarter growth of 3.2% in constant currency terms, which is a significant improvement over 
the performance during the earlier 2 quarters. This vertical also reported new product 
development deal wins for medical diagnostics and smart hospital equipment. In the 
Transportation business, we continue to see good traction and a strong deal pipeline, especially 
in software-defined vehicles and electric vehicles. 
The transportation business grew by 1.8% quarter-on-quarter and 17% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms. While some deal closures were delayed in this quarter, we won new 
deals, including a strategic multiyear multimillion dollar SDV deal with a leading Asian OEM 
for SDV platform and software development. We also won a multicurrency licensing and 
deployment of our Connected Vehicle Platform deal with a global top 5 OEM. 
Our Media and Communication business performed creditably to retain and grow market share 
even though absolute revenue growth was muted. The quarter-on-quarter revenue growth was 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
at 0.2% in constant currency terms. We won our first multiyear deal for our 5G network 
orchestration and automation suite with the leading telecom operator. This is an important 
milestone for the renewed portfolio we are building for this industry vertical. However, the 
media telecom and technology sector is still soft globally, and we remain cautious on the short-
term growth in the sector while staying close to our key customers and focusing on intelligent 
AI-powered solutions and technologies, that will drive the next wave of transformation in this 
industry. 
I am delighted by the all-round customer excellence demonstrated by Elxsians that has allowed 
us to grow strongly with our key customers and position us well for competitive differentiation 
and new project considerations around our customer base. Our successes in growing our 
business with our large accounts resulted in a share of revenue from our top 5 accounts 
increasing from 39.8% in the previous quarter to 42% in the first quarter of FY '24. Similarly, 
our revenue share from top 10 accounts grew from 49.4% in Q4 of the previous financial year 
to 51.9% in Q1 of this financial year. 
On the people front, we continue to invest in our talent base with a net add of 422 Elxsians in 
this quarter. The Elxsi family is now 12,000-plus strong with attrition dropping further to 
15.6%. We have driven strong operational excellence across the organization and protected our 
EBITDA margins despite wage hikes and strong employee additions in the quarter. 
Our effective tax rate in this quarter has increased on account of lower tax exemption due to 
the completion of 5 years for a couple of SEZ units, impacting our PAT margins. Our PAT 
margin for the quarter stood at 21.6%. It's a matter of great pride for all of us at Tata Elxsi to 
partner with ISRO and play a role in the Gaganyaan project. This collaboration will help push 
the boundaries of technology and provide us a unique opportunity to advance our capabilities 
while strengthening India’s space mission. We wish ISRO the very best as it progresses further 
in the ambitious Human Space Flight mission. 
As we step into the second quarter of this financial year, the confidence of our customers in 
our differentiated Design Digital proportion and delivery excellence and a strong deal pipeline, 
especially in automotive, health care and design businesses, provide us the confidence and 
foundation for accelerating our growth throughout the year. With this, I will hand over the 
floor to Shashank for the Q&A session. 
Nitin Pai: 
Shashank, before you go, this is Nitin Pai here. I have a brief update for the entire audience 
who's joining us today. We moved to a new fact sheet format and my apologies because I think 
we missed reporting the constant currency growth for the overall company. So, the intent, of 
course, was to move to a new format to make it more readable, more user-friendly, but I 
believe that we had a lapse on that front, that will be corrected. So, you will continue to see a 
constant currency report at the company level too. So, my bad on that. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead.  

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. A couple of questions. Firstly, one was on the Transportation vertical. Obviously, 
you mentioned that the deal closures are delayed, but have you also seen deal conversion 
getting pushed out because of the macro and clients being a bit cautious? Because the growth 
has been a bit soft over the last 2 quarters in a row now. So, what's the outlook over there 
going forward? 
And secondly, to Gaurav, if you can give us the margin walk for this quarter and are the wage 
hikes completely done in 1Q? Or can we expect some part of the wage hikes to come into 2Q 
as well. Thank you. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Sure. Regarding the Transportation business, yes, you're right. I think some of the deals 
closure is taking time but I think the deal pipeline is still pretty strong. There are large 
opportunities that we are chasing. And we are really hopeful that we will have those closures 
in Q2 and the subsequent quarters. 
To that extent, I think that lack of conversion is really reflecting in the soft revenue growth. 
But I think we are pretty confident that come Q2 and Q3, we will see accelerated pipeline 
closures.  
Gaurav Bajaj: 
On the margin, our EBITDA is 20 basis points lower compared to the last quarter in spite of 
the wage hike that has been rolled out during the quarter for the significant amount of the Tata 
Elxsi employees. In terms of the brief margin walk, we have an impact of 140 basis points 
from the salary hikes plus the ESOP cost that we have taken for a month in this quarter 
because, as we mentioned in the last quarter, that we went ahead and we got an approval for 
the employee stock option plan. So that has been rolled out and communicated to the 
employees in this quarter. 
The cost for 1 month has come in. So, including both wage hike and the ESOP, the impact is 
about 140 basis points. We continue to reduce our contractors since we have better bench 
strength and the training on campus is available to us. So that provides us a leverage of about 
40 to 50 basis points to do that reduction and rollover from the TPC contractors to our own 
employees. We have exchange movement gain of about 20-odd basis points on to the margin 
walk. 
Another 50 basis points coming from the other operating leverage in terms of the pyramid 
rationalizations and improvement in the utilization with the volume growth and the scale. So 
that makes a total of 20 basis point impact on a quarter-to-quarter sequential basis on our 
operating margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
My question is again on automotive. Sir, how should we see the performance in the last 2 
quarters versus what we are experiencing and reading about in the overall automotive industry, 
given the fact that most of the OEMs and Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers are also talking of areas 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
where we are heavily invested in. These are high-growth areas and there is an urgency of 
investments over there being spoken about by our potential and existing customers. 
So how should we reconcile our relatively softer performance there? And what gives us the 
confidence that Q2 should be much better? Is it all related to macro because macro clearly tells 
us that, things are moving probably faster than what we expected in the automotive space, 
especially. Thanks. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. I think I've answered that question. So, the deal pipeline is pretty strong. We still have 
pretty large opportunities that we have placed bids on and what was supposed to be closed in 
early part of Q1 is still open. So, customers are definitely taking their time, especially on large 
bids and so on. So, I think it is natural during the current macroeconomic situation. Customers 
are being careful before they roll out, especially the large deals and so on. So, I think the fact is 
that we have a good pipeline, and we see closures happening in Q2. That's the discussion we've 
had with a number of our customers. we really hope that additional revenues will kick in 
during Q2. So that's the confidence that we have. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood. And sir, within Broadcast and Comms, have we essentially bottomed out will 
things continue to remain soft for the entire year? And lastly, just one point on Transportation 
as well. Given our last 2 quarters of performance, do we expect FY '24 growth rates in 
transportation to be lower than what we had in, let's say, '23. Would that be a fair assessment? 
Thanks, that’s all from my side. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No, we wouldn't want to call out anything at this point in time given that we are only in the Q1 
of the financial year. I think we would definitely want to wait and see at least a quarter or 
more, right, to make that sort of a conclusion. But we still remain pretty confident that we are 
in a good wicket as far as our transportation or automotive business goes. 
Regarding the Media and Communications business, it's not just us, it's the entire industry.  
You see multiple of our competition has also shown either degrowth or significant degrowth in 
that business. Thankfully for us, we have held our ground. Even though we have not grown 
significantly, but I think we have done a very good creditable effort to maintain our business 
directives. 
And especially if you look at our top 5, top 10 customers, I think we've actually won deals and 
improved our market share as compared to our competition. Having said that, Media and 
Communication industry is still pretty soft. I wouldn't want to call it a washout for the full 
financial year, I think we would want to wait watch and see how the deal closures happen in 
Q2 and then take a call on how the industry is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Analytics. Please go 
ahead.  
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, my question is from the Healthcare segment side. So, what is your near-term outlook on 
this particular segment for FY 2024? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I think over the last 2 quarters, I think the Healthcare and Life Sciences business did not show 
the growth that we were expecting, and I think that is also because of the transition in the Euro 
MDR activities and that has taken us a couple of quarters to get over that. But I think this 
quarter, we have demonstrated good new deals and good product wins there. So that has really 
helped us to show a good growth. 
We are pretty optimistic that we will be able to show this continued growth in the subsequent 
quarters also. But I will not be able to give you a number for the financial year. We don't give 
that projections. But I think we are on the recovery path, and we hope to grow back to our 
earlier growth rates in this business pretty soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you once again. Just on the margin bit, is wage hikes done for a large part of the 
employees or should we expect some wage hikes to come in 2Q as well? 
And secondly, your net employee addition has seen an uptick this quarter. So how should we 
read that? I mean, is there a sign of improving demand do you see going forward? Or is this a 
way to optimize the cost by reducing the dependence on subcontractor where you want your 
own employees to be utilized more on the projects. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So, I'll answer that. So, I think we have given wage hikes in Q1 for all our junior staff. I think 
almost 70% of the headcount, we have given the wage hikes. For the senior staff, the wage 
hikes would come in this quarter from July 1 onwards, right. 
So, the new hires that we have been doing, I think it's something that we continue to do, we're 
not looking at a quarter-on-quarter basis to really squeeze the hiring. These are offers that we 
have made, and we continue to honor all the offers that we have made. We strongly believe 
that we need to build our resource pipeline for the future quarters. And I think this is an 
ongoing…, we're not really diluting that focus of stopping hiring and so on, we continue to 
hire at our normal rate. That's also because of our confidence that the industry will recover and 
the bench that we build today will be useful for us moving forward. 
So, we are not taking a very short term-ish approach here. And I think since we have 
maintained our EBITDA margins and we are doing reasonably well, that also gives us a 
cushion to really go ahead and not take those knee-jerk reactions. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Got it. And just lastly, on generative AI, how should we look at the impact of generative 
AI on the engineering services business? Any color over there will be very helpful. 
Nitin Pai: 
Absolutely. This is Nitin here, Bhavik, maybe I'll take that. The way we see it, is twofold. On 
one hand, in products per se, especially because of the fact that we deal with physical products, 
whether it's a car, whether it's network equipment, boxes and services on medical equipment, 
the direct impact of generative AI on such products is very limited. Why? Because they all 
deal with, if I may use the word specific AI. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So therefore, the kind of training that you do, the kind of models that you build, the kind of 
algorithms that power an autonomous car, or medical diagnosis, or recommendation engine are 
quite different from what would classically use ChatGPT or generative AI for. So, to that 
extent, AI becomes more and more relevant. AI becomes more and more predominant within 
the portfolio of customers, but it's not coming from generative AI per se. 
In our view, generative AI has some impact on product development to the extent that we are 
working on how can you aid coding, especially as a starting point rather than starting from 
scratch, how we can improve testing using generative AI, especially where you had to spend 
time on creating test cases, describing use case scenarios, there are certain benefits to using 
generative AI, which are already in the works for us in each of our segments. 
But the overarching comment would be that in the product engineering business, it has lesser 
impact. It has far greater impact when you talk of areas like marketing, customer experience, 
customer care and so on. These are typical BPO/KPO activities. You can straight away 
imagine that the impact there is far, far higher, and we have no play in those. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Nagpal from Helios Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rohan Nagpal: 
Could you talk a little bit about the demand trends that you're seeing across North America and 
Europe? I see a decline in the revenue mix coming from the U.S. and an increase in Europe. 
So, can you give some color on the differential demand that you see? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. I think just based on 1 quarter's data, it's very difficult to make any very clear reasons as 
to why demand is lower in 1 region or another. If you look at it, maybe a couple of quarters 
ago, I think our demand from North America was fairly strong and so on. So that keeps 
happening. But in general, let me tell you, a lot of our Europe revenue is transportation-led, 
whereas a lot of our North America is Media and Communication-led. So, to that extent, the 
relative slowing down in Media and Communication vertical can be directly correlated to the 
North America market. 
Having said that, the medical business is also pretty strong in North America. So, we're really 
hopeful that, that piece will pick up. So, we look at it, both North America and Europe as very, 
very key strategic geographies for us. And we continue to invest in those geographies. You 
would have seen the press releases and we talked about opening a new office in Troy. So, we 
continue to invest in these geographies. And we are hopeful that growth will return eventually. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Arun from Subh Labh Research. Please go ahead.  
Arun: 
First of all, congratulations to the management team for continuing with the steady good set of 
numbers in a tough economic environment… 
Moderator: 
Arun, your voice is not coming clearly. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Arun: 
First of all, congratulations to the management team for continuing with a steady operating 
performance in the tough macro-economic situation. My question is to Mr. Gaurav. In the 
current quarter's financials, we can see in both the segments, especially in software 
development segment, our absolute profit has increased much more than the revenue. But 
some unallocated expenses have impacted our overall profitability. So, if you can share some 
more detail on the increase in unallocated expenses that will be quite helpful. 
And the second question is, this quarter our effective tax rate has increased due to tax already 
paid completed in two of SEZ. So, can you guide for this financial year as a whole, whether 
this will be the benchmark rate? Or do you see any further changes in the effective tax rate? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
On your first question on the segment results. I think you are bringing it from the segment 
results. Under segments, since we embarked on the digital transformation, we did a little bit of 
reclassification with internal changes in the methodology of the allocated and non-allocated 
expenses. To that extent, you see that there is a difference from quarter-to-quarter. But what 
we have published in Q1 would be the basis going forward in the future. So, you should do the 
benchmarking and compare it on the quarter 1 basis going forward. 
On your second question on the effective tax rate, I think we have been highlighting in the last 
couple of quarters that we will be coming out of couple of undertakings in the SEZ where our 
tax bracket exemption will move from 100% to 50% and you will see the impact of the same 
coming in this financial year. So, whatever is the ETR for the current quarter would be the 
threshold and the range for the tax rate going forward in this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Satadru Chakraborty from Chakraborty Family 
Office. Please go ahead.  
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. I don’t have a lot of finance-related questions, but 
a bit more on the macro side. So, the first question maybe is on the Transportation vertical per 
se. The question is really around software-defined vehicles because I see a lot of Tier 1, Tier 2 
OEMs going from a product to a solution side. A lot of them are now trying to sell SaaS 
solutions. 
So, my question really was how do you guys see all of this integration into the global market 
going ahead? Because it seems to me that the market is just not having a lot of standardization. 
And then if you have a brake supplier, if you have a battery supplier, if you have an engine 
component for you or they are doing their own solutions, how easy or difficult is it to integrate 
all of these in the digital stack and then give this out as a package, if you will, to an OEM 
client? 
Nitin Pai: 
Hi Satadru. This is Nitin Pai here. Maybe I'll take that. On one hand, if you look at software-
defined vehicles, I think it's fundamentally driven by OEMs, and it has been driven precisely 
with that point in mind, which is that ultimately, the car is an amalgamation of software, 
hardware and mechanical elements coming from thousands of suppliers. And a lot of these are 
black boxes. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
And therefore, if you're trying to drive performance out of all of those, if you're trying to speed 
it up or create agility out of how you update functionality and features in the car, you not only 
have to work with the same thousands of suppliers, but each of those changes cost you money 
and each of the changes require you to go through a full validation and certification cycle. 
So, to that extent, I think the premise of SDV is exactly that, there are 2 opportunities. One, the 
opportunity to create agility in the features and functionality of the vehicle, both what is going 
to be delivered and produced newly, but also what is available already in the field through 
software updates. So that's part one. 
And I think part 2, which is more interesting, is equally the monetization opportunity. Now 
you have a connection to the consumer directly, which was otherwise not available to OEMs, 
they were only connected through dealers. It's only dealers who had a relationship. So that 
relationship now create opportunities to monetize. And that monetization can take completely 
different paths, right, from subscription-based features to over-the-top services that you can 
deliver and so on so forth. 
So, I think the point remains that software-defined vehicles are here to stay. The level of 
software defined is always a question. I'll just call it software-centric because different OEMs 
will require and can afford different levels of ownership. In some cases, it may not even be 
necessary to try and own everything. You may just choose to take a selective view on what 
software you own, what software you run. But I think the premise is very clear, agility and 
monetization. So that's, I think, a one-way street. You will see that change. So, I hope I kind of 
addressed what you want to do understand. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Yes, absolutely. That's very helpful. Similar sort of question on the healthcare and life sciences 
space. I was sort of trying to read up on balance sheets of a few global medical device 
companies. For some reason, the last 2, 3 quarters have been very choppy for them. I mean the 
pharma companies are struggling, but the med devices are struggling even more. I just had a 
very generic question on how do you guys see the creativeness of this space going ahead? 
Because I know that gross profit margins are high. And I know that there are a lot of software 
definition happening in the med devices space, a lot of connected devices, IoT and then 
running analytics on top. So just give me a sense of how do you see the overall market getting 
better or worse? And how are you guys planning to play in this market, basically setting up 
and yourself for the future? 
Nitin Pai: 
Sure Satadru. This is Nitin again. So, I'll take that. If you look at the premise on which we, in 
fact, even built a focus around the medical devices and the health care industry, it was based 
on the fundamental presumption that in general, the health care industry has been fairly 
conservative. Product life cycles are very, very long. In fact, there are devices that were 
designed 15, 20, 25 years back that continue to run. 
And the advent of cloud, AI connected devices essentially means that you can actually afford 
to deliver a far more superior customer experience, far more data-led insights that directly 
affect patient outcomes and health. And therefore, it is essential that all products actually pivot 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
to, in some sense, equivalent of the car. You need to be connected, you need to be automated, 
I'll not call it autonomous, and you definitely need to look at electronification because a lot of 
the previous generation medical devices were electromechanical rather than electronic. 
So that's the premise on which we've built the business, and you'll see that over the last 5 years, 
from the time we started, we have moved from 0 revenue to about 15%, right? And that's been 
a business that's grown almost 10% quarter-on-quarter for a few years. So to that extent, I 
think there is confidence that the industry is actually behind the automotive industry in terms 
of the transition that it needs to make, even though there are no regulations that are driving it, 
unlike in the automotive industry, where you have sustainability, you have ESG concerns that 
put stakes in the ground as far as countries are concerned. 
This is really an opportunity to change because that is what will sell in the future. That is what 
will create monetization in the future. So, to that extent, I think there is great confidence that, 
that pivot has to continue. Software, cloud, IoT, connected devices, intelligence. That is an 
inexorable path for medical devices. All of them have to get there. 
The pharma industry has to adopt it to some extent, too, in the sense that as pharma industry 
moves from prescription-based billing to outcome-based billing, you will need to then monitor 
patient vitals, you will need to provide for patient tracking and so on. All these are devices that 
will do it, because the drugs will be then decided based on the markers and that will be 
personalized based on the actual patient profile. So, in our view, I think the fundamentals of 
electronics and software becoming the dominant part of what medical devices company you 
need to do, is a given. 
The rate that we'll do it at is not driven at the same rate as automotive because automotive has 
priorities coming from regulatory and regional or country-based decisions that have been made 
on when they will stop or turn off eyes and so on. The medical device industry does not have 
that trigger but has a trigger of ‘how do I make money in the future’. So that is what creates 
absolute confidence. And I think this is just the start of that. 
We know it's the conservative industry. It's difficult to get in. There are barriers of entry, but 
we have a marquee set of logos that we work with, we are quite confident of our ability to stay 
incredibly relevant to these companies. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Maybe just 1 last question from my side. This is let's say, mix of talent management/key factor 
that you guys train. It always fascinates me how a company can play in these 3 diverse EPD 
verticals and still be successful. I know the broad-based argument that if 1 sector doesn't go 
good, then you can diversify and so on and so forth. But if I look at a company -- if I look at 
the big, big outsourcing firms such as the Accentures, the Capgeminis or even a big brother 
like TCS. So, for them, that makes sense.  
But I'm always curious how you guys think of talent because these are 3 are so diverse 
verticals where the domain knowledge is very different. The software standards are so 
different. So apart from the fact that, of course, you can have some basic level of integration, 
how do you guys just manage talent and just see these 3 very diverse vertical sustaining? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Because I'll be very frank, I haven't seen another company like Tata Elxsi doing so diverse 
verticals and still having so great returns over so many years. So how do you guys look at 
talent management and these 3 diverse verticals in general? 
Nitin Pai: 
So, Nitin, again. Again, just like Coke or KFC, I'm not going to reveal all our secrets. But 
having said that, maybe I'll start with the fundamental point, right, that when you have been 
doing this for 25 years and more, and this is the only business that you do, believe me, there's a 
whole lot of ingrained company knowledge that reflects in its processes and its quality systems 
in the way we both hire and manage talent. So that's the first fundamental building block that 
we build on. 
Equally, we also acknowledge the fact that these 3 industries are so different that the domain 
knowledge, especially as we move quickly up the seniority and experience levels, demands 
that you have training programs, you have training methodologies, you have quality systems, 
you have everything that is different for each of these verticals. And to our advantage, I think 
that's also a core competency. That's also what makes it very difficult for a generic IT player 
who depend on fungibility, who depend on training that is industrialized. I mean you would 
have trainings that people take us for 15 days, 1 month and they are ready for billing. For us, 
it's nowhere close to that. For us, it's multiples of that timelines to get people ready. But I think 
that's the way we do business. And hopefully, that's the secret sauce that we bring. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag from as Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead.  
Chirag: 
Sir, I want to understand the development that is happening in the India across the sector like 
the EMS, defense, automotive and rail. Order bidding is going to the global players, some of 
them are our clients. So, I want to understand our relationship with them - how are we going to 
benefit by taking orders from the global OEMs, which are fueling the growth of the Indian 
economy for the diverse sectors? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. Maybe I could take that. Very quick view is we definitely have this for multiple sectors, 
whether it's automotive or whether it is rail and adjacencies, where there are programs that are 
won by suppliers to supply to OEMs or to programs in India, including rail. We find that we 
are supporting those programs. And our relevance becomes even higher, especially if you're 
competing with regional- or overseas-based competition. 
So, to that extent, the fact that we are in India, within proximity, understanding of those 
customers, ease of communication, ease of coordination, I think only adds to our 
attractiveness. But please note, having said that, any program in India obviously comes from 
past equations that are quite different from, let's say, doing the same project for a deal in Spain 
or a deal in the U.S. and so on. So, you also have to live with that challenge, which is that you 
will have that much more of a pressure on the pricing and the deal value. So, it's a conscious 
balance that we have to strike in terms of what is right for us, what is relevant and despite the 
fact that we can win almost anything that we bid for. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Chirag: 
And how is the supply side scenario situation in Europe and the U.S.A. for manpower and 
other related sir? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. I think as you know, 90% of our resources are based in India. It's only 10% that are based 
overseas. So, to that extent, I think we are less dependent on resources in the overseas market. 
Having said that, I think the resource situation definitely has become a lot easier. We are able 
to hire resources on need basis. But in general, as Gaurav said, we are reducing the 
dependency on third-party contractors and filling positions using our own internal resources 
for better margins. So that will continue that approach. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Akshay Ramnani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Akshay Ramnani: 
So, first question for Manoj. So, you said that the deal pipeline gives you the confidence of 
growth acceleration going through FY '24. Now this is despite another comment of soft Media 
and Communications at least in the near term. So, I just want to understand - is the strength of 
transportation and medical enough to power that growth acceleration going forward? And 
while you're talking about demand, if you can also talk about how do you see the IDV business 
going forward? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Sure. So, I think, yes, as I said, growth has come back in our medical business, and we 
definitely hope that we will see some acceleration in our transportation business moving 
forward. Media and Communication, yes, we are still hopeful though it is very difficult to give 
a comment in terms of how much of recovery will happen. But definitely, as compared to a lot 
of our peers and other global players, we still continue to deliver value to our customers and at 
least not degrow in that Media and Communication business. So that's something that we will 
constantly keep a watch on. 
Regarding the Industrial Design business, as I said, it's a smaller business. It's a very, very 
critical business for us. As compared to last financial year, it has grown significantly. But 
however, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we see some amount of flatness and some amount of 
ups and downs. It's still in the early stages to see how we can have a steady quarter-on-quarter 
growth there, but that's something that we are working on. We definitely are hopeful that the 
Industrial Design business will also continue to grow significantly over the next 3 quarters for 
the financial year. 
So, I think all of that gives us the confidence that despite the Media and Communication 
business being a little soft, the other businesses that we have should definitely be able to 
continue the growth path and essentially help us to show a decent growth in the financial year. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Right. So, on IDV business, over the past 2 quarters we have seen a flattish performance. So, is 
this more to do with stand-alone IDV customers? Or is it some EPD vertical-specific 
customers where we have seen some softness on the IDV side? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
It is a combination of both. IDV also does a lot of work for the Media and Communication 
business. So that part of the business is a little slow, similar to our EPD business. But however, 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
IDV also has their own independent customers. And we are really focusing on that to see how 
we can grow that business. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Got it. Next question is for Gaurav. You talked about 1 month of ESOP cost impacting this 
quarter. When I look at the release, the release shows that about INR40 lakh of ESOP cost was 
recognized in Q1. So even for 1 month, that number appears quite low. So, if you can please 
help me understand this quarter's ESOP expenses and how do you see the sustainable cost 
which we should think about going forward? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
The first month, the cost is low. It depends upon the number of the grant units that has been 
communicated to the employees. There is still some communication, which is left to be done, 
which will be done in quarter 2. Hence, what we talked about in the previous quarter earning 
call also, that going forward, the impact for the PSOP grants once done completely to all the 
employees would be about 0.4% to 0.5%. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Got it. And since we have also rolled out the wage hikes for the next 30% employees, so, what 
kind of margin impact would that have in Q2? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
So, we are still in the process of working out rate hikes and the impact for the remaining 
employees, which will happen effective quarter 2. But I think with the scale and the growth 
that we expect to have in the next quarter also, we don't see any significant impact. There will 
be some wage hike impact. But at the same time, we feel that can be compensated with the 
other operating leverage and the growth in the total volumes. 
Akshay Ramnani: 
Got it. And then coming to the utilization part. Sir if you can just touch upon what level of 
utilization are we operating at? And what's the sustainable level which you think is good for 
the company. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I think currently, we are operating at 72%, 72.5% utilization. I think that is also because of the 
fact that a number of fresh engineers that we have hired have come out of their training period 
and now they are on the bench. So, the good part for us is we have pretty good bench strength 
now. As the business picks up, all the training investments and all the hiring investments that 
we have put in, we will be able to use them and grow our revenues. 
So, for us, we would be really comfortable to see how we can push this utilization from 72% to 
72.5% over a period of time to somewhat closer to 80% or so, right? So that will be something 
we are aiming for. And so, as you see, we have enough headroom and leeway to utilize these 
trained resources. And that's something that we will focus on in the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gupta, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Nitin Gupta: 
Yes. My question is with respect to hiring - what are the plans for the complete financial year? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So, for the complete financial year, if you look at hiring of freshers, we would be hiring around 
anywhere between 1,800 to 2,000 engineers, of course, depending on the joining ratios and so 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
on. Lateral hiring will be always need-based, based on specific projects or engagements, but 
given the fact that we have enough bench strength, I think we will first focus on utilizing the 
bench strength before going out and hiring laterals. 
Nitin Gupta: 
And the last question would be - can we expect these kind of margins going ahead for the full 
financial year? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
We don't give margin guidelines. You must look at our track record over the last 8 to 12 
quarters. You will get the answers for your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajak Kumar, individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Rajak Kumar: 
Just 2, 3 macro questions. The first one is on the ADAS technology. So, I just want to know, 
given that we are part of the Tata Group, how do you make insights with other vendors given 
our exposure with JLR and others, with competition like Samsung who are better placed 
compared to Tata Elxsi. So how do we overcome this? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. So maybe I'll take that. Technically, we don't compete with Samsung. We are a potential 
supplier to Samsung. And when you say Samsung, I presume you mean it in the context of 
HARMAN. So, to that extent, HARMAN is a customer rather than a competitor. 
So, in that sense, there is no conflict of interest here. And it's not to do with whether we work 
with Tata Motors or JLR or not. The question is, do we have capabilities on the software side 
that add to what they are trying to do in terms of product engineering and product 
development. And to that extent, we're incredibly relevant. 
Rajak Kumar: 
Okay. Got it. And second thing, are we developing any robots linked to the Da Vinci, over on 
the medical side? Because I've seen your website, it talks about the industrial robotics. So, I 
just want to know what work we are doing on the medical side? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. So there is automation - I'm not call it fully robotized surgery or fully automated surgery, 
but there is a fair amount of work that we're doing, both with AI as well as robotics that has to 
do with automating and bringing in precision surgery. But at this time, that is all that I can tell 
you. 
Rajak Kumar: 
Currently, that is the only US FDA approved robotic system, right? 
Nitin Pai: 
That's right. So, to that extent, that's why I'm hesitant to say that we are working with fully 
robotized systems. But there is some level of automation and precision surgery that happens in 
multiple other spaces. Think about eye care, for example. You will see that there are laser-
guided surgeries that work on cataracts and so on so. It's not that there is no robotic surgery in 
other areas. 
If you look at cancer there are equally guided robotic treatments that happen for chemo, 
radiation and so on. So, I would encourage you to look at is the fact that robotics and 
automation applies in many levels, just like in cars, from Level 1 to Level 5. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Rajak Kumar: 
Okay. No, my question is more from a strategic standpoint. So, like on a 3-5-year standpoint, 
will we be challenging Da Vinci systems? 
Nitin Pai: 
No, no. So please note, again, like we made the comment on Samsung and so on. We would 
hope that we work with Da Vinci and create many more Da Vincis by supporting them. 
Rajak Kumar: 
And lastly, how is the opportunity from the in-flight entertainment, given that Air India is now 
part of the Tata Group? And there's a lot of things happening on the aviation sphere. So, are we 
going to leverage any of this and get more work in this space? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
In-flight entertainment is a very niche area, and I think there is just a couple of companies that 
work on it. So, the opportunity is not very big in that sense. But however, as you rightly said, 
Air India definitely is a group company and there are a lot of other opportunities that we are 
working with Air India and supporting them, not necessarily on the in-flight entertainment. But 
yes, if there is an opportunity, we would definitely get involved because we bring in enough 
competencies on audio, video, the play out, the entire video capabilities that we have in the 
Media and Communication business is fully relevant to this use case. 
But then there are definitely a lot of regulations, safety and a number of standards that you 
need to understand. So, to that extent, yes, the opportunity is not as big to really focus and go 
after that. And the number of players are also very, very limited. But we are in discussions 
with Air India for a lot of other opportunities. And yes, we will leverage Air India to see what 
we can do in the avionics or airline industry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Nagpal from Helios Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rohan Nagpal: 
You break out your vertical exposure for the Embedded Product Design segment. And you 
briefly touched on the vertical exposure to the IDV segment. Could you flesh out the vertical 
exposure in the IDV and SI segments as well? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
I think about 3 to 4 years ago, IDV had its own set of customers and they used to go around. 
But we consciously took a decision to focus IDV capabilities around the same 3 verticals that 
we have, which is Transportation, Media & Communication and Healthcare. So today, if you 
ask me a majority of our revenues in the IDV space come from these 3 verticals. Of course, 
there are a number of other verticals that we go after that EPD doesn’t service. 
So yes, so there is a lot of effort and focus that we have brought in, including from a sales 
perspective, to really cross-sell IDV into all our EPD customers. So that's something that we 
continue. 
SI is a totally different business. SI is primarily based out of India. It provides system 
integration services to a different set of customers, not necessarily the 3 verticals. And that's 
something I think would be a little more opportunistic. And of course, even in SI, what we're 
trying to do is to see how we can leverage SI capabilities to address the 3 verticals in EPD. It's 
at an early stage. IDV has progressed a lot, but SI is still at a very early stage. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
As we look at building our own products and so on, SI place a very, very key role on the run 
management part, especially on the cloud and data center and so on. That is where we intend to 
use their capabilities. But again, as I said, it is still pretty early stage there. 
Nitin Pai: 
I'll just add one comment. At this time, the fact is IDV is a little volatile, it's not exactly a 
constant number quarter-on-quarter and does not allow us to publish a mix because you cannot 
read very much from it. I think if you give us a few quarters, and that's something that we’re 
consciously deciding, we'll be able to draw a clear signature to say, okay, this much percentage 
you can trust to come from automotive. This much you can trust to come from media. And we 
have a certain amount of sustainability or rather lack of volatility that makes it meaningful to 
publish the breakdown. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the last question from the line of 
Satadru Chakraborty from Chakraborty Family Office. Please go ahead.  
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Just 1 final follow-up question. And maybe feel free to answer it as you see fit or not. This is 
really around the IPO of Tata Technologies, which is coming out. So maybe my preliminary 
observation is very bad. But I do see there are a lot of similarities. I mean, from the very 
quantitative stuff, I have seen that our related-party transactions happened in '21 and '22. Just 
help me understand why should we treat it as 2 different companies? And what is really the 
strategic differentiation within the Tata organization that we have to really differentiate 
between the two. And I know the history on the corporate structure and Tata Motors wants to 
spin this off. But just what is your two cents on this? What does an external investor look at? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So, as you rightly pointed out, Tata Technologies is a subsidiary of Tata Motors. And 
they also have a significant portion of their revenues coming in from group companies, which 
is Tata Motors and JLR and so on. And they primarily play in the mechanical engineering 
space. They do work on ERP, which is SAP and so on. And recently, they have built 
capabilities in the avionics industry with Airbus and so on. So that is what Tata Technologies 
stands for. 
Tata Elxsi, on the other hand, is a full-fledged product engineering business. Majority of our 
business comes on electronics and embedded software domain. And we work across 3 
different verticals, right, Automotive, Healthcare and Media & Communications. So, to that 
extent, if you look at it, if you look at the automotive industry, it might seem as if there is a 
clash or a conflict situation. But actually, we are pretty orthogonal, the service offering is 
pretty orthogonal. So, there are customer places where we work together and provide services 
and solutions to the customer. So, to that extent, I would say, we definitely can continue to co-
exist as 2 different companies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you all for taking the time out for this Q1 conference call. We definitely hope to see you 
again in the Q2 conference. And definitely, there is a lot of commitment from our side, from 
our employees, to ensure that we deliver good results in the coming quarters. So that's 

Tata Elxsi Limited 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
July 17, 2023 
something that we are very much aware of, and we continue to pursue these large 
strategic deals that will really help to show consistent quarter-on-quarter growth. And 
that's something that definitely we will stay focused on. Thank you so much once again 
and look forward to seeing you again next quarter. 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Tata Elxsi Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Audio recording of Q1 Earnings Conference Call 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
