THE SUKHJIT 
STARCH AND CHEMICALS 
LIMITED 
f;VOlVING WITH NATURE 
Ref: SSC/VPF /BSE/2023-24/ \ '\ 6 \ 
BYE-FILING 
To, 
To, 
Dt: 14/06/2023 
The General Manager-Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI- 400 001 
The General Manager-Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Sandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumabi- 400 051 
Ref: Secu'rity' Code: 524542 
Ref: Symbol: SUKHJITS 
Reg: Transcript of Earnings Call hosted on June 09, 2023 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call / post Earnings 
Call hosted by the Company on June 09, 2023 to discuss FY23 results, is attached 
herewith. 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For THE SUKHJIT STARCH & CHEMICALS LTD 
VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
& COMPANY SECRETARY 
Encl: as above 
SARAI ROAD, PHAGWARA 
DISTTT. KAPURTHALA 
PUNJAB 144 401, INDIA 
T +911824 468800, 260314 
F +911824 261669, 262077 
E SUKHJIT@SUKHJITGROUP.COM 
C/N: l1532lP81944PLC001925 
150 9001:200 Certified 
& FSSC:22000 Company 
WWW.5UKHJ/TGROUP.COM 
Aman 
Deep Setia
Digitally signed by 
Aman Deep Setia 
Date: 2023.06.14 
16:51:23 +05'30'

MANA
MODE
“The
Q4
AGEMENT
ERATOR: 
e Sukhj
4 FY '2
T: MR. B
AND C
STARC
MR. D
CHIEF
& CH
MR. A
COMP
CHEM
MS. P
P
hjit Star
23 Earn
Jun
BHAVDEE
CHIEF EX
CH & CH
DHIRAJ S
F EXECUT
HEMICALS
AMAN SE
PANY SEC
MICALS L
PAYAL DA
Page 1 of 17
rch & C
nings C
ne 09, 2
EP SARDA
XECUTIVE
HEMICALS
ARDANA 
TIVE OFF
S LIMITED
TIA –VIC
CRETARY
IMITED
AVE–ORI
7 
Chemic
Conferen
2023 
ANA –SEN
E OFFICE
S LIMITED
–SENIOR
FICER – T
D 
CE PRESID
Y – THE SU
ENT CAP
als Lim
nce Ca
NIOR VICE
R –THE S
D 
R VICE PR
THE SUKH
DENT FIN
UKHJIT S
PITAL
mited 
ll”
E PRESID
SUKHJIT 
RESIDENT
HJIT STAR
NANCE AN
STARCH &
ENT 
T AND 
RCH 
ND 
& 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited Q4 
and FY23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aman Setia. Thank you and over to you Mr. 
Setia. 
Aman Setia: 
Thank you. Good morning. ladies and gentlemen. I Aman Setia, Vice President Finance and 
Company Secretary of the Sukhjit Starch, would like to extend a cordial welcome on behalf of 
the Sukhjit Group for joining us on our con call on FY23 results. Dear friends, most of you, 
being all long-term shareholders, understand that hard work, trust and credibility have 
remained the three most important things in Sukhjit. We, while appreciating your time and 
patience for remaining invested with us for long, promise all our current and potential 
investors that we are a company which is not only committed to the operational and financial 
performance but also on the transparency and best practices front. 
Regarding performance in FY23, I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the 
financial results and investor presentation which has been uploaded on the Stock Exchange and 
our website. However, I would like to reproduce some key figures. Friends, you will be 
pleased to note that our net sales for FY23 have increased by 24% to INR1,435 crores vis-à-vis 
INR1,157 crores in FY22. EBITDA for FY23 is INR145 crores vis-à-vis INR151 crores in 
FY22. The profit before tax stood at INR93 crores against INR107 crores in the corresponding 
previous year and profit after tax stood at INR70 crores against INR77 crores in the previous 
financial year. The Q4 FY23 sales stood at INR391 crores with EBITDA at INR36 crores and 
PAT at INR16 crores. 
Though we have clocked a healthy growth in the revenue from operations during the year, the 
margins remained under pressure across the industry due to high raw material prices and high 
energy costs, mainly owing to the geopolitical situation. On financial front, our long-term debt 
has reduced to about INR100 crores with a very low net debt equity ratio at 0.18. Dear friends, 
I wish to reiterate that effective use of capital on behalf of the shareholders is our primary 
objective. 
To support our growth strategy, we believe in maintaining an efficient but prudent capital 
structure while retaining the flexibility to invest in growing the business. Today, from the 
management side, we have Mr. Bhavdeep Sardana, Senior VP and CEO, and Mr. Dhiraj 
Sardana, Senior VP and CEO of the company. Now I hand over to Mr. Dhiraj Sardana to give 
a brief about the company and its operations. Mr. Dhiraj Sardana please. 
Dhiraj Sardana: 
Good morning, everyone. I hope I am audible. Firstly, I would like to give a small introduction 
about our company. We are an agro-processing company that specializes in production of 
starch and its derivatives, with a rich history as one of India's oldest starch producers and 
amongst the largest in terms of production. Our operations started in 1943, where we set up a 
corn-wheat milling facility in Punjab. Since then we have been expanding and currently we 
operate at four locations within India. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 3 of 17 
We initially started with 1,800 tons per annum of corn grind capacity, which at present is 
around 600,000 tons per annum, spread across four manufacturing locations in different states 
of the country. Our product range includes native starches, modified starches, dextrines, liquid 
glucose, high maltose syrup, maltodextrins, monohydrate dextrose, sorbitol, dextrose 
anhydrous, etc., as well as various by-products which cater to a wide range of industries. These 
compounds serve as a purpose in manufacturing a variety of products like candies, toothpastes, 
protein powders, flavoring agents, medicines, cosmetics and many more. 
Our business model has always been to serve key customers and key markets in areas near to 
our plant locations. At the core of our philosophy is the aspiration to sustain growth across all 
our existing locations while actively exploring new avenues for expansion. By adhering to this 
principle, we continuously strive to enhance our overall business and create value for our 
stakeholders. Each of our facilities has been strategically placed to effectively serve clients 
within a radius of 700 to 1,000 kilometers. 
The efficient operation and resource management of our four plants have resulted in all 
facilities operating at approximately 80% capacity. This achievement highlights our 
commitment to operational excellence and prudent resource allocation. Now, I would like to 
ask Mr. Bhavdeep Sardana to explain more about the future prospects of the company. Thank 
you. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Good morning, everyone. Expanding our presence across different geographies has been a key 
objective for our company. By doing so, we aim to strengthen our market share and gain a 
competitive advantage. Our dual approach of catering to existing customers while targeting 
new ones has allowed us to expand our market reach and broaden the customer base and 
solidifying our position in the market. To address evolving customer demands, we have 
focused on optimizing our product mix with a particular emphasis on high value offerings. 
By aligning our product portfolio with the needs of our customers, we have successfully 
adapted to changing market dynamics enabling us to stay ahead of the competition. To fuel our 
growth trajectory, we have allocated capital expenditure to enhance the capacity of our 
existing plants. This strategic investment will increase our daily production capacity installed 
from 1,600 tons to 2,000 tons over the next 24 months. Importantly, we are proud to state that 
these investments are entirely funded through internal accruals underscoring our financial 
strength and sustainability of our company. 
I apologize for the bad connectivity, some technical issue. I will recap the last few lines I was 
reading. In line with our commitment to efficiency and volume enhancement, we have 
prioritized higher capacity utilization. We are aiming to strive for optimal performance and to 
maximize operational efficiency and productivity. As mentioned before, we face some margin 
pressures due to higher raw material and energy cost resulting from the geopolitical conflicts. 
We were able to partially offset these impacts by passing on the cost to the market. 
Looking ahead, we maintain a positive outlook for our company's prospects and remain 
committed to delivering value to our shareholders. By prioritizing the key areas discussed, we 
are confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth and generate long-term shareholder 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 4 of 17 
value. Our legacy of the past five decades provides a solid foundation for our future success. 
We extend our gratitude to our employees, customers, shareholders for their continued support. 
Together, we will navigate these opportunities and challenges that lie ahead and realize our 
vision for the future. Thank you and I handover to Mr. Aman Setia to formally thank you all 
for attending the forum. 
Aman Setia: 
May I request the moderator to restart the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Senthil Manikandan from ithought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Senthil, we request you to use your handset for optimum audio quality. Thank you. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Okay. So, hi, sir. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the 
industry. So, you can just briefly explain about the starch industry in India. What is the total 
capacity installed and what is the growth expectation for the industry going forward? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Mr. Senthil, the starch industry is a very unique industry. There are some listed players whose 
capacities could be in the public domain. There would be a lot of unlisted players whose 
capacities are not known. So it is not fair for me to give you an accurate number. It will not be 
correct. But if I were to hazard a guess, I would say that at Sukhjit, we are at approximately 
between 9% to 11% of market share depending on many estimates. And these are estimates. 
These are not real data. So you can guess the overall size. 
As far as the future outlook of our industry is concerned, starch consumption per capita in 
India is one-tenth of that of US and one-fifth of that of China. And when I talk about starch, I 
mean I talk about starch and its derivatives getting into all kinds of products as mentioned on 
our investor presentation in our website. And typically, our industry beats the GDP growth 
every time in terms of growth. I hope that answers your question and sets the context. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Yes, sir. So, second question is on the thing you mentioned, you are going to expand your 
capacity by around 400 tons per day. So it will be across the plant or it will be the particular 
plant? Is it brownfield or greenfield expansion? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
These are existing plants that are being expanded. Every plant, some kind of some capex is 
being apportioned to every plant. I am not at liberty to tell you what quantum is going in which 
plant, but we are expanding across all our locations, either in product or in overall grind. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Okay, so what will be the capex for the FY24 and FY 25? Any guidance? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We are targeting around INR40 crores for this financial year. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
And just last question on the margin. So you mentioned that you partially passed down the 
higher environmental cost. So how do you see the main scope in the upcoming season and how 
the margins are going to pan out? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 5 of 17 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, if I were to talk about the past and where we are at today, maize pricing has been 
optimized. It has, because of the new crop arrival, the pricing of maize crop has fallen in the 
last three months. With the government's increase of MSP, I feel that the Kharif crop may be 
higher. And looking forward, I see maize being pretty stable. I don't see maize going very high 
unless the monsoon does not support. So a bit early to say how I see maize in H2. 
We need to see the advent of the monsoon and we can get a better idea in terms of availability 
and area under acreage when the Kharif plantation starts. So a bit early on that as far as 
margins are concerned, the margins have been range bound. And if the geopolitical conflict 
eases, the energy cost may come down. And like I said, a bit early to predict what the maize 
price is going to be immediately as on date. We will need to wait and watch. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Okay, sir. Thanks for the clarification. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ritesh Poladia from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is again back to the industry. I believe India 
produces about 35 million tons. Sir, could you give us some idea? And I think 10% is 
exported. So could you give us some idea what is out of 35 million tons, how much comes for 
processing and how much is directed? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Sir, first of all, even the overall figure is doubtful. So there are people who are saying that the 
Indian total output, crop output is not more than 30 million tons. Some say 35 million tons. So 
exact data is not there. But as a thumb rule, I would say the poultry and the feed industry 
consumes roughly between 60% to 70%. You know, again, because of the nature of the 
industry, there are only few composite and large pan-India players, you know, from 
Venkateshwar to Godrej Agrovet, etc. But there are so many smaller players as well. So, but 
by and large, I would say, 60% to 70% and this is a big range I'm saying goes into the poultry 
feed because the data is not readily available. And I can -- I'm saying this from our experience 
in the markets where we procure and where we operate and where we see the capacities, 
etcetera, when we compete for procuring maize. 
As far as exports are concerned, yes, that also fluctuates. It's not a consistent 10% every year. 
It happens, India has produced a non-GM corn, which is advantageous and it affords better 
export prospects. But it also competes with Ukraine corn. In spite of the conflict, Ukraine did 
sell some corn in the market last year and due to the pricing. 
So, Mr. Giri -- to recap, 30 million tons to 35 million tons is a large estimate. These are 
estimates, the exact crop estimates could be considered at between 28 million tons to 30 
million tons. 10% exports is not a regular. It happens when the window of opportunity is 
conducive and Indian corn is cheaper in the ASEAN region, including Bangladesh and Nepal. 
As far as consumption of maize is concerned, between 60% to 70% of maize goes into poultry 
and animal feed. Approximately, 10% you said was exported and between the 20% left, some 
of maize goes into direct foods and some maize goes into the starch industry. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 6 of 17 
Ritesh Poladia: 
So about 8 million tons to 10 million tons will come for processing. Will that be a fair 
understanding? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Not necessarily, some people say between 5 million tons to 8 million tons. So I am not at 
confidence to say, what will be the total. It can only be an estimate because not much data is 
available of some unlisted players and of other industrial users. You know, ethanol also has 
started. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sure, sir. That's very helpful. Sir, like sugar, the sugar mills support the farmers by also there is 
a huge government R&D going on. So anything similar goes in the maize where farmer 
productivity is increasing or some specific varieties of maize is encouraged. Is there any 
industry trend if you would like to comment on that? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, as far as the maize is concerned, maize yield is concerned. So all the top seed companies, 
whether it is Monsanto, Pioneer, Corteva, etcetera, they are all present in the space. They are 
all selling their seeds to farmers. Yield in Bihar could be comparable in some parts to US 
yields. Yields during the Kharif season in Central India and South India in Karnataka are also 
pretty good. 
But as far as an outreach program is concerned, due to our federal structure, every seed 
company needs to take an approval from the Bose Centre and to sell in the state, you need to 
take approval there. So most people are -- so the regulatory landscape to operate for the seed 
companies is a bit difficult. However, they have consistency of operations. And I think, the 
hybrid seed varieties being sold are pretty decent. We are trying to work with seed companies 
to cater to a better extractability of starch varieties. For that, some discussions are happening 
and I believe the capability is there amongst the current gene pool available. Would that be 
okay? 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Yes, sir, absolutely perfect. Thirdly, could you give your maize throughput for this year and 
the last year? How many tons of maize you have processed in FY‘23 versus FY‘22? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
That data is usually available in our balance sheet, readily available, but approximately 4 
lakhs, more than 4,20,000 tons, 4,30,000 tons was processed. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
 
And would it be the similar in last year or there is some volume growth this year? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
No, there is definitely a volume growth and going forward there would be a volume growth 
again. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
 
So, FY ‘24 will be crossed 4,50,000 tons to the minimum? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Efforts are on, efforts are on to grow as much and that is why some capacity expansions or 
deep bottlenecking also at some areas is being planned by the company. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, also from your raw material to your sales realization, is it safe to assume that you would be 
value adding about INR10 to INR12 a kg in the maize? Like if you buy at say INR22, your 
ultimate selling price would be somewhere near INR35? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 7 of 17 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Mostly, what you are trying to simplify in terms of understanding for yourself, it is a little bit 
more complicated than that, lot of market dynamics, etcetera, and demand and supply, but we 
are always trying to maximize our margins based on the market conditions prevailing at that 
time. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sure, sir. Sir, there was some discussion that corn sugar will be allowed to sell at least for the 
industrial consumers, any update on that? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Sir, can you explain what type of corn sugar you are referring to? 
Ritesh Poladia: 
 
I believe in USA all these soft drink companies, they use corn sweetener. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
The product which you are referring to is high fructose corn syrup and our parallel is with 
Brazil, not with US because US uses high fructose corn syrup because it does not have sugar, it 
does not have sugar plantations. So if you see India with adequate sugar, sugar would always 
be at the forefront and a larger crop and corn and starch and starch derivatives find their way in 
specialized food, specialized food processing and complements the sugar industry. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
 
But not compete with the sugar industry. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
No, we do not compete. So the usage in a candy, the recipe is both, you need sugar and 
glucose.  
Ritesh Poladia: 
Yes, but sir on high fructose corn syrup, so that is not viable in the Indian economy, would that 
be a good understanding? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Viability, so I am not, the viability can change, viability can change but because of the sugar 
industry being present in such large numbers, they would be, let me put it this way, they would 
defend their market share if suddenly the starch industry decided to set up HFCS. But to 
replace, to produce the HFCS to replace sugar, at least with the Cokes and Pepsis of the world, 
at least in India would mean adding a significant quantum and capacity to the starch industry, 
which I do not think can happen overnight and everyone is mindful that you come into any 
industry and compete with an existing player, it may not always be a profitable scenario by the 
time you realize your production capacity. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
That is wonderful to hear sir, sir just a comment on your procurement, maize procurement, so 
is it through middlemen or is there any efforts to procure directly say from farmers, what are 
the industries? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
We have a mixed model, we have a mixed model, we do extension services where we need to 
grow, increase the growing area in our surroundings and we have, we work with aggregators, 
we work with aggregators near the market yard, we work with aggregators, large ones and 
small ones as well. So we have a mixed model, we work everywhere, we have a different 
model and all these supply chains are open to us and available to us. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 8 of 17 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, what is the peak inventory you would be carrying because on the balance sheet it looks 
like you would be less than 30 days, but what would be the peak inventory you would be 
carrying? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
The peak inventory fluctuates depending upon how we see crop, but typically as a thumb rule 
you can take between three to four months we try to carry or we go up to four months. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Up to four months, but the crop availability is not an issue for you because… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Ritesh, may we request you to re-join the queue? There are several 
participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aditya 
from Securities Investment Management Co. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. Just continuing with the industry structure question, so is the 
maize processing industry in India consolidated among four to five players, where they might 
have around 70% to 80% market share or is it more fragmented? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
There is a fair degree of consolidation amongst the top four or five players and the rest is 
fragmented. Like I said earlier, not all data is available. There are only a few listed players and 
amongst those listed players, I would expect that between 50% to 60% of the market share 
could be covered. Again, this data would need to be verified. Because one can have an 
installed capacity but the operational efficiency could be far low, it depending on everyone's 
circumstances and I can't comment on that. 
Aditya: 
How has this trend moved in the last five to seven years? So has the share of top five players 
been increasing only or it has remained constant around 50% to 60%? Because in US, what we 
have seen is that the top six to seven players control 90% to 95% of the market. So do you 
think such a phenomenon can happen in India as well? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
I feel that long term as our consumptions grow and as the product profile matures, we are still 
a growing economy. We are still an economy where significant -- so like I said, going forward, 
there is a good chance of consolidation to happen in our industry. Smaller niche players will 
always exist but as the country has more prosperity and the population grows, that will define 
the product mix in future. And we are I would say, at an evolving stage. And we are trying to 
add on a product mix with a changing customer base, the requirement locally. 
Aditya: 
Thank you, sir. And sir, we have been mentioning in our annual reports that in India only 
around 40 different products are made from starch while internationally we produce more than 
1,000 product varieties. So have we seen an increase in this number? And what needs to 
happen for this number to increase? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
There is an increase in the existing products which we are manufacturing. Like I said, India is 
a unique market as compared to say China, where they use, consume a lot of fermentable 
products indirectly through meat consumption. India being a predominantly, where 60% of the 
population is vegetarian, 65% is vegetarian, we have a different product mix. What we are 
seeing is specialized products in the paper industry, textile industry. With the advent of 
COVID and the pandemic, we are seeing a renewed focus on health and wellness. And I am 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 9 of 17 
seeing some trends which are going to continue. So at present new products are being imported 
and as the market for those products increases, there will be opportunities for Indian 
manufacturers to add new products. 
Aditya: 
Okay. And value-added products, so on what basis do we classify a product as value-added 
and what we should classify it as a basic product? And what prevents others from producing 
these value-added products? Because I believe, many players in the industry are manufacturing 
maltodextrin and dextrin. Just wanted to understand what is the difference between the two? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So that's a very good question, very intelligent question. Since we have a product portfolio 
which encompasses everything that any of our competition is making, broadly speaking, 
having the degree of flexibility to produce everything gives us the opportunity to increase the 
product production depending upon the demand supply situation of that. And we are mindful 
of increasing our profitability. 
So sometimes if I need to produce more basic starch, but customized fine tuning of 
specification for our customer, we are adding value for the customer, we are able to secure 
larger order and extract a little bit of a premium. So that always helps. So you can't say that 
starch is not value-added. If I can offer a better value point to a customer in terms of fine 
tuning my specification and working very closely on the technical sales element, I can value-
add my starch also. 
Aditya: 
Got it, sir. And in the last four, five years, the share of derivatives has been reducing. So they 
have reduced from 45% to around 34%. And while the share of by-products has seen an 
increase from 20% to 29%. So what has led to this change? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So by-product pricing was good. So while the volume is, you know, when we produce, when 
we process maize, a fixed percentage of by-products come out. And with the price of palm oil 
going up, so maize oil and maize germ went up due to a certain shortage at a period in time for 
soybean and soybean pricing being high. Maize nutrient pricing was high. So that will 
fluctuate. 
Aditya: 
Okay. So who do we sell these by-products to? Who do we sell these by-products to? And is 
the margin volatile in the segment? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So we sell our by-products. Well, I would not call them by-products. They are products. We 
package them and we give them to suppliers. In the poultry industry, we work with the 
Marico’s of the world to give our maize germ and sometimes unrefined maize oil. So we 
service those customers. 
Aditya: 
And in our presentation, so we have mentioned that the company's products have become more 
competitive in the international markets. So just wanted to understand how structurally 
something changed which has made us competitive and what is the outlook on the exports for 
next three to four years? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 10 of 17 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So the intent there is to say that the starch industry is competitive overall. At Sukhjit, there is 
not considerable export surplus. We are selling specialized products to certain key customers. 
But however, our export portfolio is considerably very small. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Aditya may be request you to rejoin the queue. As there are several 
participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harsh Shah 
from Dimensional Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
My first question is regarding the Sukhjit Mega Logistics Park which we have put up. I guess 
we have invested close to INR140 crores for that plant. So just wanted to understand how 
much revenue are we generating currently and what will be the revenue model of this park 
going ahead? How much revenue will this generate? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So Harsh Shah, I'll -- firstly, Sukhjit Mega Food Park is not a significant part of our overall 
business. Sukhjit Mega Food Park has been set up to provide services. So as far as revenue is 
concerned, we generated around INR65 crores of revenue. But it's more like a service model. 
And the business, the Sukhjit Mega Food Park is a cash surplus. And going forward, we hope 
better realization from that business. But like I said, it is an infrastructure provider project and 
it is complementary to a food processing business. And at present, our unit located inside 
Sukhjit Mega Food Park, Sukhjit Corn Products, is utilizing the services and the service 
utilities set up inside the project. 
Harsh Shah: 
I just wanted a better understanding. So do you mean that all the processing units which are 
based in Sukhjit Mega Logistics Park or Mega Parks, do they procure the starch and derivative 
products from you? Does that enable revenue generation from your core business? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, Sukhjit Mega Food Park was commissioned in October 2020 in the middle of COVID. At 
present, we are working with, it has facilities such as cold store and frozen vegetables. In those 
frozen vegetables section, we are working with various entrepreneurs who are utilizing those 
facilities. In terms of number of projects set up, only Sukhjit Corn Products is running. 
But I'm happy to say that all the utilities set up are running at optimum capacity and providing 
the services to Sukhjit Corn Products. And that is why we said we are cash surplus. We have 
space available and even so, the facilities which we are using, steam generation, power, 
warehousing, laboratory work, quality control, etcetera, are being utilized for operations at 
Sukhjit Corn Products, which is our maize processing unit, as well as the effluent treatment 
plant. 
The intent for which it was created, it is being done at an optimum capacity. We are marketing 
our plots to larger players, but due to COVID, we could not get traction for that. But those are 
very small, I would say that business is very small compared to what we are discussing in 
Sukhjit Starch. 
Harsh Shah: 
I understand that it doesn't contribute much to revenue, but the investment per se is on higher 
side. I mean, almost 20% of our gross block is invested there. So this revenue of INR65 crores 
which you generated, what is the expense against generating that revenue? And will it be 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 11 of 17 
continuous, recurring in nature every year, will it be generating this amount of revenue from 
this park? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So as I said, we are cash surplus. And I'm going to ask Mr. Setia, he has a point to make here. 
Aman Setia: 
Due to the infra development project, obviously the payback periods are longer in the infra 
projects because of the high depreciation charge. The food park project is cash surplus, as 
Mr. Sardana has elaborated that the corn unit of the company is utilizing most of its facilities 
and also the food park is working on the perishable front and the frozen peas and other things. 
So in the coming years when we are able to lease out our infra developed projects and plots, 
the revenue will definitely going to increase in the coming years. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And in terms of growth, so going ahead, if I have to take a five year view, just wanted to 
understand how scalable this starch business could be. So we are at around INR1,500 crores of 
revenue. So in five years down the line, I mean, if you just have to hazard a guess, what kind 
of scalable opportunity this product or this basket of product could be and what would be the 
growth drivers for the company? I mean, will it be you entering new industries or new 
products or maybe acquire new customers or venture into export market? If you can just shed 
light on this? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes. So if you see our past growth, we've closed FY ‘24 at INR100 crores and you'll see FY 
‘23, we closed at 1,400 plus. So that's the kind of continuous growth we've had and presently 
the management feels that we, the way the country is spoiled, there are opportunities for faster 
growth. So if you heard our presentation, we mentioned that we are going to increase our 
capacity by 20%, our installed capacity. 
That could of course mean that our utilization at our plant would also considerably increase. 
So going forward, we are bullish in the business. I will not give you an exact number where we 
are going to be in five years, but if you see our past record and you see our immediate plan and 
we are bullish on our business and we keep on intent to keep on growing. 
Harsh Shah: 
And last question, so FY ‘22, we saw our margins at around 14%, 14.5%. Would that be a 
peak margin for us or does this business has possibility to earn even higher margins? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes. So if I was at 14%, Sukhjit was at 14%, there was competition, which was at 17%. So as 
we are realizing larger capacity per location, if the market dynamics are aligned, maybe we can 
achieve higher numbers as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ayush Mittal from Mittal Analytics. Please 
go ahead. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Good to see the discussion and the insights from the company. I have two, three questions. So 
one, if we go through the history of a company, like if we go through the period of maybe 
2013 to ‘17, ‘18 or ‘20, during this phase, we see that the company was kind of stagnant at a 
certain number capacity production for a longish period of time. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 12 of 17 
And then there was this big expansion, which we did, and then there was this step change in 
revenue. So and even when we look at the industry, we see that there are lots of companies out 
there. And when we look at their numbers, we see most of them are operating at 6%, 7%, 8% 
operating margins versus our margins of 11%, 12%. 
So first question, what kind of revenue growth do you see at a sustainable revenue growth do 
you see for the company for say three to five year period one? Second, what kind of margin 
profile do you see versus the competitors? And are there any levers which we can which we 
have to improve this profitability that we have? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, thank you, Ayush. I'll start with your comment on 2013 to 2018. 2013 to 2018 was a 
period when we were contemplating both the infra project and the Punjab greenfield facility. 
And due to delay in getting clearances, being a responsible corporate, we did not want to 
invest any money and start work until we had all the permissions, statutory permissions in 
place. It was an uncertain period due to various reasons. 
There were political changes, both at the center and at the state where the statutory permissions 
were delayed. So the company lost out maybe on a good 24 months. And there was some kind 
of stagnation. And then of course, COVID happened. That also stagnated. I think FY ‘21 
numbers took a dip. So the entire industry, the company went through the 24 month period 
during that window and that entire industry, the entire country went through a period of low 
growth in that period. 
Going forward, like I said, with the current capacity utilization, we expect to improve on this. 
We expect that the capex which we are making will slowly unfurl in a period of 24 months. So 
it will gradually, it will not happen at the end of 24 months, it will happen in between. So that 
will give us a window of opportunity to increase our sales. Like I said, our industry grows at 
more than the rate of GDP. That has been the general trend and has been a consistent trend 
over the last many years. So we hope to continue with that. That's the bare minimum. The rest, 
I don't want to be a committal and misleading in forward-looking statements. But the intent is 
there to keep growing and our capex is targeted at ensuring that our future growth keeps 
happening. 
As far as margins are concerned, at Sukhjit, we are always mindful of increasing our margins. 
There are some in the industry who may have displayed better margins than us due to their 
scale. And we are now trying to scale up as best as possible at all our locations to increase our 
margins or at least maintain them in case there is a downturn in the economy. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. Sir, second question is on the debt profile, like if we see, I think, given what we are 
doing, debt is still a bit high. Any thoughts on that? 
Aman Setia: 
Actually, the long-term debt is not high. It's very low. The debt equity ratio is just 0.18. 
Ayush Mittal: 
No, but we have to do... 
Aman Setia: 
I'm coming to that. If you talk about the total debt, obviously, those are short-term. This is 
purely against the stocks, inventory of raw materials. So it will keep on changing. It will 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 13 of 17 
depend upon the level of stocks we are holding. So that is the reason the total debt figure you 
may consider high. But as far as the long-term debt is concerned, it is reducing year-over-year 
and will be squared up in a year or two. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. On this March end balance sheet, we see a very high jump in inventory? 
Aman Setia:
Yes.
Ayush Mittal: 
Any particular reason for that? 
Aman Setia: 
The procurement of inventory depends upon the prevailing prices and number of things. So we 
tend to stock some more inventory, if we see competitive prices going on in the market, so it is 
just, due to that. 
Ayush Mittal:
Okay. Thank you. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Yes. Good morning, sir. Thank you for starting this call, sir, and hope you'll continue with this 
in the future also. So, sir, my first question is related to this value-added product only. So as 
you were explaining about it, so I wanted to further understand, the margin structure in this 
products. So if you can highlight, what kind of margin difference is there in a normal value-
added product and normal product. And if also you can highlight, are the margins much more 
stable in a value-added product? If you can highlight more on this. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Mr. Gandhi, it's a strategic question, I will not be able to give you. That's why, I broadly said 
that, what is of value to the customer, we do that, but I cannot disclose, what our margin per 
product is. That I will not be able to share. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sure, sir. But if you can just explain, if the margins are stable without giving any 
numbers in this value-added product as compared to a normal product? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, again, it is a very general comment. If there are other sources of sweeteners competing or 
other sources of carbohydrates competing against us, derived from maize, then those products 
would be under pressure. But if the application of our products made by the industry, not only 
Sukhjit, is getting accepted, then there is a big demand for our products, not only in India, but 
also globally. So, that will happen. So as long as our products find value at the customer 
application side, we will always be competitive. Not competing, the industry will always be 
competitive. 
And as our company, we are always looking at the landscape, at the competitive landscape and 
the customer application side to see, which way the customer is going. And we keep a track of 
any other competing product. It could be soapstone, as varied as that, and see the pricing and 
curtail or increase our production capability to optimize the product mix for increasing the 
profit share. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 14 of 17 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure, sir. Sir, my next question is, so recently there were a lot of news articles talking about 
Government's increased regulation to start using grain as sweet stock for ethanol. So this is 
maybe, a bit long term question, but with this, do you feel the prices of maize can increase? So 
how does your company plan to mitigate this kind of increase in raw material prices that start 
happening because this will create an entire new industry, which will increase the demand for 
maize? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Yes, so you have to first understand that, ethanol pricing landed at India ports is lower than the 
ethanol pricing being offered by the Government of India. Right, so Government of India right 
now to propagate ethanol production in India, is giving an incentive to manufacturers to start 
producing ethanol from grain, which is surplus. Now grain surplus also includes broken rice, 
which competes with the potable alcohol industry. 
As far as maize is being considered for ethanol, yes, the Government of India has issued that, 
they would look at maybe 4 million tons or 5 million tons going into ethanol. But the way the 
production is increasing, one of the questions earlier commented that, 35 million tons is the 
annual crop. This is the first time I am hearing it and we are in the industry. But going forward, 
area under acreage for maize will increase now with the Government's highest ever increase in 
MSP, about 6.5% yesterday got announced. So I think, traction will build up and pricing will 
be stable, not only in India, but global pricing will also be stable. So, at the end of the day, 
whatever the raw material cost is, it will eventually get absorbed in the market price. 
Deep Gandhi: 
My next question is, I wanted to understand the industry portion in a bit more detail. If you can 
explain, how does a customer chooses, say, A company versus you and what are the factors 
behind it and how do you differentiate with the other players, who are there in the industry? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, like any other customer, it's a combination of price and quality and off-rate compliance 
and service. So at Sukhjit, we try to offer not only this, we try to go beyond price, how to add 
more value to a customer to understand the customer's application and optimize the 
specification, so that repeatability and reliability of our products is always there and the 
customer is ready to work, for the long term. 
Deep Gandhi: 
So sir, if you can give some number, what will be the pricing difference between say, your 
product and the competitors? Are you at the lower end or are you able to charge a premium? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Our results speak for themselves. I don't think, I will. So like I said, we compete and we 
mentioned earlier that, we compete within a certain geography. So, if there's a competitor 
based situated right next door to a consumer and I am two hours away, naturally they will have 
a better realization. At some places, we have a better landed realization. At some place, we 
have customers looking at us only and not looking at the competition because of the quality 
and the specification, which we follow.  
Similarly, some of our competitors could enjoy a strategic advantage due to their location and 
better understanding of their customer close to their location. So, it's a very general game and I 
will not be able to give you specifics and there is no thumb rule on it. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 15 of 17 
Deep Gandhi: 
Sure sir. So this is the last question from my side. If you can highlight out of your INR1400 
crores revenue, just give some broad understanding on, what industries contributed to this 
INR1400 crores, in terms of revenue share from various industries for FY ’22? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
So the industries, which we service and because we have four plants, we are very diversified in 
terms of, who we service, what we service and this keeps changing with our expanded 
capacities per location and the customer profile at those locations. So, we have two units in the 
north, one in the east, one in south central. So we keep changing, adding customers and those 
mix keeps changing. So I will not give you an exact comment but yes, broadly speaking, as far 
as Maize Gluten and Maize Germ is concerned, we serve the protein and the oil and fat 
industries and we work with all the top players present in our location. 
 As far as starches are concerned, we work deeply with the paper industry, wherever paper 
industry is located near our units. In south India, we work with the textile producers in 
Thiruchendur, Somanur, Coimbatore, Erode. We work with FMCG players across all our units. 
Food is a constant across the country. So, it is a very diversified portfolio of products and 
customers. 
Deep Gandhi: 
Okay, sir. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nisarg Vakharia from NV Alpha Fund 
Management, LLP. Please go ahead. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sir, two questions briefly. First question is that, what is the ROC on an incremental capex, if 
you were to set up a new capacity, of let's say 400 tons, 500 tons, 600 tons per day, what is the 
capex, that would go into it and what is the sort of gross block turnover or asset turnover, you 
would do on that capex? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
I'll answer your question in three parts. The capex will be dependent on the location and the 
product mix, which you identify at that point in time. A 500 tons, 600 tons plant could be set 
up for INR200 crores, if it were only making one or simple starch and what kind of utilities 
were in place. It will depend on that. But if I were setting up a very diversified plant, with a lot 
of derivatives and a higher focus on sustainability and forward looking. So one could say, at 
that time, it could be as high as INR400 crores, INR450 crores. So again, it's depending on, 
what you want to set up, what value you see for the location, you have identified. So again, I 
would not, say it's a fair question for me to give you one answer. It's a very varying answer.  
And typically, again, the asset turnover ratio, what you mentioned will depend on, what you 
set up, where you set up. It can range from 1.2 multiple to, if there were value added products, 
it could go up to, 2x also. So again, varying. I hope, I'm in the limitation of things, I have been 
able to answer your question. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sure, sir. Fair. Second question is that, are there any products, which are very sophisticated in 
terms of technology or scale, which are imported into India in maize derivatives, which we are 
not manufacturing today? 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 16 of 17 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
A very good question. Yes, they are sophisticated from, what at presently, what we are 
manufacturing, but they are not sophisticated in their country of manufacture. So, the entire 
world is looking at China Plus One. So, there are products in the category of both human 
nutrition and animal nutrition, which are gaining traction in India as well. And they are 
presently being imported of, all types of purity. And those plants are, I would say, quite 
scalable in China and certain parts of Southern Europe, from where they are being imported 
into India.  
Now, an import replacement strategy for those products is available to the industry, but with a 
surplus capacity in places like China, with China restarting operations in the last quarter, it's a 
wait and watch. And as the Indian market grows and stability happens and technology 
becomes a little bit, more cheaper, Indian manufacturers in the starch industry will be quick to 
adopt those products. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
And lastly, sir, can India become an export hub? There are several companies in China, which 
are large exporters to Southeast Asia and all these other geographies. And, India was able to 
export a little bit because those capacities were shut. Can India sustainably become an export 
hub or that advantage will always lie with China because purely because of the reason that, it's 
a larger maize producing economy? 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
See, China has now become a net importer. China has banned export of maize because it is 
important for their food security. Because of animal protein, especially pork, maize goes not 
only directly into animal feed, but they make certain fermentable products, which go into 
animal nutrition. So, it's a very critical crop for them. 
As far as Chinese exports are concerned, China exports certain products because of subsidy 
support to those units. I think, it's still there. On the other hand, Indian manufacturers are more 
resilient. There are consistent exports happening out of the Western coast and the Eastern coast 
in the last many years. The window of opportunities do come in a bigger number. They shrink 
away as well. But I would say, there is a consistent opportunity to be had. 
And with the world looking at a China Plus One strategy, most responsible sector, whether it is 
the bulk consumers of the paper mills in Europe or in Africa or in the Middle East or even in 
certain ASEAN countries, they would want to source their starches from India, whether it is 
sorbitol. So those units in our industry, which are located on the ports are consistently 
exporting or they have a consistent share of their turnover, which is dedicated to exports, 
which is a win-win for the entire industry. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Thank you, sir. And all the best. 
Bhavdeep Sardana: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question of our question and answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 

The Sukhjit Starch & Chemicals Limited 
June 09, 2023 
Page 17 of 17 
Aman Setia: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sukhjit, I would like to express my gratitude to all of you for joining 
us today and sparing your precious time for us. We hope to see you back in our next con call. 
If you still have any queries or questions, you can write to, Madam Payal Dave or Mr. Bhavya 
Shah, in our investor relation agency, Orient Capital. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sukhjit Starch and Chemicals Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
