 
 
Date: May 26, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2023 
 
Dear Sir, 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated May 20, 2023, regarding audio/video recording of the 
analysts/investors Earnings Conference Call held on May 20, 2023 at 04:00 P.M. (IST) on the 
performance of the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2022. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above investor and analyst call. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.delhivery.com/investor-
relations/. 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thanking you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Amit Agarwal 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Place: Gurugram 
Encl: As above 
 
Amit 
Agarwal
Digitally signed 
by Amit Agarwal 
Date: 2023.05.26 
11:29:49 +05'30'

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 1 
  
 
“Delhivery Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2023 
  
  
  
 Management: MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SANDEEP BARASIA, ED & CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VARUN BAKSHI, HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 Moderator: MR. VIJIT JAIN, CITI EQUITIES TEAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 2 
Vijit: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Good day, and welcome to Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Delhivery Limited hosted by Citi Research. This is Vijit Jain. 
So before we start, Delhivery would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today’s call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this 
effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. Kindly 
note that this call is meant for investors and analysts only. If there are any 
representatives from the media, they’re requested to drop off this call immediately. 
 
To discuss the results, I’m pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, the MD and CEO; 
Mr. Sandeep Barasia, ED and Chief Business Officer; Mr. Amit Agarwal, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Varun Bakshi, the Head of Investor Relations.  
 
As a reminder, all participants’ line will be on listen-only mode and participants 
can use the Raise Hand feature to ask any question post the opening remarks. I 
thank the management team for providing us the opportunity to host this call, and I 
invite Mr. Sahil Barua to take us through the key highlights of the quarter, post 
which we will open up for Q&A. Over to you, Sahil. Thank you. 
 
Sahil: 
Thank you, Vijit. Thank you to the Citi team for hosting this, and welcome to all of 
you to the earnings call and thank you for joining. Before we begin, I’d just like to 
place on record the company’s thanks to Mr. Abhik Mitra and Mr. Sunil Bansal, 
both of whom were key management personnel of the company who have decided 
to move on during this quarter. 
 
Apar, if we can begin. So the overall summary for this quarter is that the positive 
momentum in market share volumes and profitability that we had begun to build 
up in quarter 2 of this year has continued; and the company has broken even at an 
adjusted EBITDA level. A quick snapshot of the quarter follows here.  
 
In quarter 4 fiscal ’23, we have achieved revenues of 1,860 crores across our 
business lines, which represents a growth of 2% over quarter 3. Quarter 3 is usually 
our seasonal high because we have the Diwali festive sales in e-commerce during 
this period; and therefore, the growth in quarter 4 is heartening to see over what is 
our usual peak quarter.  
 
More importantly, the company has broken even at an adjusted EBITDA margin 
level. Positive momentum in margins was visible starting quarter 2, continued into 
quarter 3, and the same forces have continued into quarter 4 as well. The 
improvement in margins has been driven by increased utilization across the network 
with increased volumes and a number of cost optimization measures that we’ll talk 
about. 
 
Overall, we did 180 million shipments in our core express parcel business in quarter 
4, which represents a 5.6% growth over the seasonally high quarter 3 period. And 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 3 
adjusting for Shopee volumes from the same period last year represents a growth 
of nearly 17%.  
 
The PTL business continues to recover strongly. We delivered about 318,000 
metric tons of freight, which represents nearly a 24% growth quarter on quarter 
from quarter 3 to quarter 4. We continue to cover 18,500 PIN codes. We’ve 
expanded the network marginally during this quarter. Customer base has continued 
to grow. We have over 27,000 active customers. Revenue continues to be well-
diversified. 57% of our revenue comes from customers who use more than two of 
our services; and the company continues to be very adequately capitalized with over 
5,500 crores in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
A quick snapshot of the key operating metrics. As I mentioned, we’ve expanded 
the network marginally between quarter 3 and quarter 4 to 18,540 PIN codes. 
Through our partnership with FedEx, we continue to offer seamless express 
services to the entire world. The number of active customers has grown from 26,845 
in quarter 3 to 27,253 as of quarter 4 fiscal ’23. Compared to financial ’22, which 
we closed at 23,600, we’ve gained over 4,000 customers in this financial year. 
 
The consolidation of Delhivery and SpotOn’s infrastructure, which was a key 
theme for this financial year, has now more or less completely played out, as you 
can see. Infrastructure has remained stable at about 18 million square feet. The total 
number of gateways and automated sort centers now stands respectively at 94 
gateways and 24 automated sort centers, 174 processing centers as well. We are 
continuing to slowly expand the network in cities that we’re present in, in response 
to higher volumes. So express delivery centers have expanded from 2,750 to 2,880. 
Freight service centers continue to stand at 140. We continue to be a team size of 
about 57,000 people, with about 35,000 partner agents and 11,000 vehicles across 
the country. 
 
Moving forward, the key highlights for the quarter are here. In the core express 
business, we did 10 million shipments in quarter 4, more than we did in quarter 3. 
So in quarter 3 we did 170 million shipments and about 180 million shipments in 
Q4. This is a reflection of our overall market leadership. We’ve consolidated our 
position as a market leader in quarter 4. And this represents also a 17% volume 
growth in quarter 4 year on year, adjusted for Shopee volumes for the same time 
last year. 
 
The PTL business continues to see robust recovery. We’ve reached 318,000 metric 
tons of freight, and had a strong end to the financial year in March. FY24 has also 
started with strong momentum, both in volume growth and in service quality. 
Network service levels, as you can see in the table below, have improved from 89% 
for the same quarter last year, to 93% as measured on internal turnaround times. Of 
course, on customer turnaround times, this service will appear better. Overall, short 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 4 
shipments, which is a reflection of network quality, has improved from 0.08% at 
the same time last year to 0.05% as of this year, and network speed continues to be 
robust at an average of 4.3 days from order to delivery. 
 
The improvement in profitability has been driven fundamentally by three factors. 
The first is that operating leverage continues to play out in the core transportation 
business. As volumes have grown, utilization of key infrastructure, key facilities, 
automated sortation centers, and in the mid-mile of our trucking network continues 
to improve. We continue, especially in the PTL business, to evaluate customer 
contracts at a contract-by-contract level and revise pricing with specific customers 
or in specific lanes as required. We expect this to continue into quarter 1 and to 
quarter 2 as well.  
 
And finally, we opened up our internal and our third-party demand to brokers and 
fleet owners through our Full Truckload Exchange called Orion. Our internal loads 
are now available on our Axle application to fleet owners and broker partners across 
the country; and this has led to significant pricing benefits in both long-haul as well 
as short-haul trucking, and we expect this to continue as well. 
 
This is a quick snapshot of overall performance in quarter 4. As I’ve mentioned in 
the bars on the left, overall revenue has grown to 1,860 crores. As you can see, the 
recovery in the PTL business has continued. It’s grown from about 15% of total 
revenues in quarter 3 to 18% of revenues in quarter 4. It continues to be our fastest-
growing business at this point.  
 
The express business continues to be 63% of total revenues. We’ve seen robust 
volume growth, and we expect this to continue. The newer businesses, which is the 
truckload business, the supply chain services business, and the cross-border 
business, together have seen 6% to 8% growth quarter on quarter and form about 
20% of our total revenues. 
 
The bars on the right, on the top you see express parcel. Express parcel revenues 
between quarter 3 and quarter 4 have remained broadly flat, while shipment 
volumes have grown from 170 million to 180 million. Yield per parcel has dropped 
due to a change in two fundamental factors: the first is a change in mix away from 
heavier shipments towards lighter shipments. We typically see larger heavy 
volumes in quarter 3 as people are buying refrigerators, consumer durables, 
suitcases, and heavier items during the period. And the second is a reduction in 
average parcel weight across the entire network. So this is not due to a pricing 
change. 
 
On the PTL business, revenues have grown from 277 crores in quarter 3 by about 
nearly 20% to 328 crores in quarter 4; and freight tonnage has increased from 
258,000 tons of freight to 318,000 tons of freight in quarter 4. The truckload 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 5 
business has grown 8% quarter on quarter from 102 crores of revenue to 110 crores 
of revenue approximately. And the supply chain services business has also grown 
6% quarter on quarter from 178 crores to 188 crores of revenue.  
 
The cross-border services business has declined 14% between quarter 3 and quarter 
4, from 66 crores of revenue to 57 crores of revenue. However, it must be pointed 
out that this was influenced by two factors. Volumes have remained stable. Yields 
in the air freight business have declined by close to 20%, leading to a decline in 
revenue overall; and the ocean freight business was affected seasonally by the 
Chinese New Year. 
 
At an adjusted EBITDA level, I’m pleased to report that the company has broken 
even in quarter 4. Quarter 1, of course, as you can see in the graph on the left, was 
affected by our integration with SpotOn where we had temporarily paused a certain 
amount of PTL volume. However, as volumes have returned to the network, you 
can see quarter on quarter a continuous improvement in margins, from negative 
12.5% to negative 7%, to negative 3.7%, to now 0.3% as of quarter 4. And as 
volumes continue to come into the network as we continue to grow, we expect this 
trend to continue. 
 
At a yearly level, for financial ’22, we had an adjusted EBITDA of 1%. For FY23, 
we will report an adjusted EBITDA of negative 5.6% for the year in sum. Here’s a 
quick snapshot quarter by quarter of service EBITDA as well. Revenue, as I 
mentioned in the topline, has grown to 1,860 crores versus 2,072 crores in the same 
quarter last year and 1,746 crores in Q1. Service EBITDA margins for the business 
have improved from negative .3% in quarter 1 to 11%. We have seen sequential 
improvement across all four quarters of the year.  
 
Corporate overheads have remained broadly stable, as we’ve guided earlier, at 200 
crores, and as a percentage of revenue, have declined from 12.1% in quarter 1 to 
10.7% in quarter 4. And we expect that as the business continues to grow that we 
will continue to see leverage on corporate overheads. This has led to an adjusted 
EBITDA, as discussed earlier, of net adjusted EBITDA of 6 crores for quarter 4 
and an adjusted EBITDA margin of .3%. 
 
If we look at the individual drivers of profitability on the next slide, quarter 3 fiscal 
’23 adjusted EBITDA was negative 67 crores. The incremental revenue in the 
transportation business, which includes both express and PTL, is approximately 29 
crores from quarter 3 to quarter 4. The incremental gross profit in the transport 
business, however, is 41 crores. So I’m pleased to report that the incremental gross 
margin in the transportation business continues to be robust and over 50%, outside 
of which there have been continued efforts on cost optimization that have improved 
gross profits in quarter 4.  
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 6 
The first, as I’ve mentioned, is the opening up of our internal line-haul demand 
requirements and sourcing of market fleet through our Axle application. This has 
enabled fleet owners and brokers to bid competitively for our loads and has led to 
efficiencies in pricing. The second has been the continued rationalization of 
business with less profitable customers and the introduction of standardized rate 
cards, specifically for the SME retail and co-loader segments in PTL.  
 
The third, obviously, is improved capacity utilization across the network with 
increase in loads. And the fourth is greater coverage and greater coverage through 
weight capture in both the parcel and the PTL businesses, thereby reducing revenue 
leakages.  
 
There’s also been a decrease in transport fixed costs between quarter 3 and quarter 
4 of approximately 9 crores. This leads to a total increase in transport service 
EBITDA of about 50 crores. There’s also been a 17 crores swing in service 
EBITDA of the non-transport businesses, though quarter 3 was impacted by a 12 
crores provision that we had to make in the supply chain services business. And a 
decline in corporate overheads overall, since quarter three contains our Diwali 
bonus and incentive payments to staff.  
 
The net result is an increase in quarter 4 FY23 of about 73 crores, leading to a net 
adjusted EBITDA in quarter 4 of 6 crores versus negative 67 crores for the previous 
quarter. 
 
Here’s a quick snapshot of individual cost elements. Overall freight handling and 
servicing cost, which is our principal cost, has declined on an absolute basis 
between quarter 3 and quarter 4, even as revenues grew. Total freight handling and 
servicing costs have reduced from 1,409 crores to 1,372 crores, thereby reducing 
from 77.4% of revenue to 73.8% of revenue. Line-haul expenses continue to 
improve as a percentage of revenue. They’ve dropped from 33.4% of revenue in 
quarter 3 to 33.1% of revenue in quarter 4.  
 
We continue to see leverage in other costs as well, be it contractual manpower 
expenses, rent, security expenses, and losses and damages through the network. We 
expect this to continue as volumes grow. 
 
Moving on. This is a quick snapshot of an adjusted EBITDA bridge. Total revenue, 
which is the third column highlighted in red, is 1,860 crores. The total freight 
handling and servicing costs stands at 1,372 crores, employee benefit expenses at 
357 crores, and other expenses of 117 crores, leading to an overall reported 
EBITDA of approximately negative 4 crores, or broadly breakeven for quarter 4.  
 
Adding back share-based payment expenses, which are accounting expenses 
towards ESOPs already granted, that’s a 73 crores add back, less the actual lease 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 7 
rent that we’ve paid due to capitalization of leases, which is 64 crores, bridges the 
gap between reported EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA 
therefore stands at 6 crores. 
 
With that, that covers our earnings presentation. The broad summary is that we are 
very well set up for financial year ’24. We’ve seen a robust recovery in the PTL 
business as expected. At the start of the year, we pointed out that we expected the 
SpotOn integration to be completed by quarter 4 and for it to begin reflecting in our 
economics by quarter 4. That has played out.  
 
Over 27,000 customers continue to trust Delhivery with volumes in the parcel and 
the PTL businesses, and we expect these businesses to show robust growth going 
forward. Network service levels remain stable and best-in-class at approximately 
93% in the PTL business; and we’re looking forward to financial ’24 with great 
optimism. Thank you. With that, we’d like to take questions. 
 
Vijit: 
Hi, anyone who has a question, please raise your hands, and we’ll take your 
questions. Thank you. 
 
Sachin: 
Hey, this is Sachin Salgaonkar. Can you guys hear me? 
 
Sahil:  
Go ahead, Sachin. I can hear you clearly. 
 
Sachin: 
Sahil, congrats on a good set of numbers. three questions. Firstly, would like to get 
your sense on the outlook for the express business. One gets a sense that given that 
most companies are focusing on their profitability, the shipments are slowing down. 
So clearly from a two to three year view, things should normalize, but how do you 
guys look for the next 9 to 12 months in terms of shipments, and any thoughts on 
yields as well? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. Do you want to go through all three questions, and then I can answer them all 
together? 
 
Sachin: 
Okay, sure. Second question is on PTL. Clearly, we saw a good recovery. But when 
we look at the FY22 tonnage numbers of SpotOn plus Delhivery combined, it was 
close to, I think, 1,579,000 tons. So just wanted to understand the roadway towards 
that -- i.e., is it going to happen gradually, or could we see now a sharp improvement 
given that network service levels have materially improved? And last question, we 
clearly saw some articles about SHEIN coming into India. And, of course, we have 
seen ONDC picking up. So wanted to understand the opportunity for Delhivery 
from both these sides. 
 
Sahil: 
Certainly. Thank you, Sachin, I think the third question is sort of linked to the first 
one almost. In the near term, the outlook for express, I think you’re right that, and 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 8 
we’ve called this out before, that there will always be turbulence that individual 
players in the e-commerce market will face. However, as a category, I think we 
continue to be firm believers that e-commerce will continue to grow as sort of it 
becomes both — as it both replaces to some extent offline in some categories as 
new categories come online. I think that process continues in India. We don’t see 
that abating. But as I’ve mentioned, I think individual players will likely face 
turbulence in this market. 
 
I do want to point out that a slowing market and a market in which customers are 
focused on profitability is an extreme advantage for Delhivery. We are by far the 
most efficient player in this market, and we price that accordingly to our customers, 
and we’ll continue to do so. And so an environment in which our customers are 
counting their costs is one where they are more likely to shift more and more 
volume to Delhivery.  
 
And as I’ve mentioned earlier, we do not face pricing pressure from customers, as 
you can see. Even at our yields, we continue — the express business continues to 
be highly profitable. So I view this as sort of as a positive. Turbulence is always a 
good thing for Delhivery overall. We’ve gained share even between quarter 3 and 
quarter 4; and I think we’ll continue to gain share in this market. We also will 
continue to expand capacity, obviously. So even as we gain volumes, our ability to 
service them, we don’t expect to be diminished in any way next year. 
 
In terms of SHEIN, I think it’s an interesting announcement, Reliance bringing in 
SHEIN. They obviously were a fairly high-volume player the last time they were 
here. I think they significantly improved the sourcing capabilities as well for 
Reliance. In fact, I think Ajio has been one of the fastest-growing e-commerce 
platforms in the last 12 months; and I think this certainly bodes well for the market. 
Apart from which, I think category spending by any single large player  always - 
it’s like a high tide which lifts all boats. And so when SHEIN comes in and category 
spending hopefully comes in because of that, I think other e-commerce companies 
also stand to benefit. 
 
On ONDC, I think we’re integrated. We do service volume through ONDC. 
Volumes are sort of, at this point in time, quite small, but gradually picking up. I’ve 
discussed this before. I think we are quite positive, in general, about ONDC and the 
possible impact that it has, in terms of directly connecting sellers to buyers without 
intermediary marketplaces. However, I think there are a number of other issues that 
will need to be ironed out, which will take some time, which is how do you handle 
returns and refunds and so on. But broadly, if you ask me, I think both SHEIN and 
ONDC are positives for the industry. 
 
In terms of PTL volumes, I think we’ve seen a sharp ramp-up between quarter 3 
and quarter 4 already. We do continue to see robust volumes in the first quarter of 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 9 
this financial year as well. I think the market has now taken note of the fact that the 
integration issues that plagued us at the start of the last financial year are behind us; 
and our network service levels, in fact, are higher than they’ve ever been at any 
previous point in Delhivery’s history.  
 
Whether the uptick in volumes will be extremely sharp through this year or not, I 
think will depend, to some extent, on our own sales capabilities and our sales 
spread. And also, at the same time, we have to be careful to make sure that we 
maintain service levels where they are. So we have to make sure that it’s well 
calibrated with our infra-buildout. So I guess the broad answer is that we’ll see. We 
have seen a sharp uptick so far. We do see robust volumes. I don’t see any reason 
for that trend to reverse. But exactly how long it will take to get back to 1.6 million 
tons, we’ll have to see. 
 
Sachin: 
Many thanks Sahil. Just one quick follow-up. We also saw a media article about - 
or rather your press release about your investment into omnichannel SaaS company, 
Vinculum. Just wanted to understand the rationale out there and any near-term 
benefits we could see on the back of it. Thanks. 
 
Sahil: 
Certainly. Yes, we have acquired a minority position in a company called 
Vinculum. Vinculum provides order management solutions and warehouse 
management solutions to a number of companies in the consumer internet space, 
cutting across multiple categories. I think the area of interest for us, obviously, is a 
direct integration of the order management system with our own warehouse 
management systems that we offer to both people in the consumer internet space 
but also in sort of the broader retail space.  
 
So it opens up the ability for our customers to now use Vinculum’s OMS and 
channel integrations to manage inventory across both online and offline seamlessly. 
The benefit to us obviously is, it’s an enhanced-value proposition for direct-to-
consumer brands, which we will take to the market. And the second, obviously, is 
increased transportation volumes through this, our ability to offer differentiated 
transportation products, whether it is faster delivery, specific kinds of customized 
return services, for instance, or in the case of larger customers, helping them. As 
you remember, we had also acquired a company called Algorhythm. So combining 
Vinculum, Algorhythm, and Delhivery’s capabilities, we can also enable smarter 
placement of inventory, better reordering, and so on. So that is our expectation of 
the Vinculum arrangement. 
 
Sachin: 
Thank you Sahil. 
 
Aditya: 
Hi Sahil, this is Aditya from Macquarie. I had a few questions. So the first one was 
in terms of your freight cost. So clearly, volumes have improved sequentially, but 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 10 
freight costs, led by line haul, has come down. Can you help us put more context in 
this and the path forward? 
 
Sahil: 
Aditya, I’m sorry, I lost you for just a bit. Would you mind just repeating that for 
me? 
 
Aditya: 
No worries. The question was about the fact that you had improved volumes in this 
quarter, both PTL and express parcel, but clearly, your freight costs have come 
down and that’s been led by low line-haul expenses. Could you provide a bit more 
context and color around this? 
 
Sahil: 
Certainly. I think there are a couple of things that are at play here. One is the share 
of tractor-trailer movements in our overall ton-kilometer usages math has 
improved. This is something that we’ve been calling out for the last year or so. That 
as tractor-trailer penetration increases, our line-haul costs per unit continue to 
improve. And we’ll expect this to continue through the next year as well.  
 
The tractor-trailers are a significantly larger form factor than the traditional trucks 
that are used in the industry. They’re significantly more efficient for us to use. So 
on a like-for-like basis, as an example, the tractor-trailers will be anywhere, at a 
bare minimum, from about 15% cheaper to all the way up to 30% on some routes. 
And so as the penetration of these vehicles increases, as more and more hubs 
become tractor-trailer capable, we will continue to see improvement in line haul. 
 
The second is a competitive bidding process that we’ve brought in. As you’re 
aware, we’ve been building our full truckload freight exchange for the last three or 
four years now. The idea, really, rather than building a supply-side marketplace, 
was first to make sure that we have enough full truckload demand and that we have 
and that we have vendors who are onboarded onto our various applications. So that 
was the first step that we’ve been executing so far.  
 
Now that we have a large base of vendors and brokers and fleet partners who are 
on our applications, it was a natural step for us to take to introduce the bidding 
process onto that app, which we’ve done. And as soon as we’ve done that, there’s 
been a competitive element to the pricing of these trucks, market vehicles that we 
use, both in intercity, line-haul movements, ad hoc, which form about 10% to 12% 
of our total movement, and also on intracity as well where we’ve begun more 
recently. And so that has led to pricing benefits for the company overall. 
 
Aditya: 
Sahil, just as you scale your PTL business over the next couple of years, do you 
think that line haul as a proportion of revenues, we can further optimize this? Or do 
you think this is a level which is appropriate? 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 11 
Sahil: 
No, I think we will continue to see improvement in line-haul costs. One, because 
we’re still, I think, we still have some distance to go in terms of introduction of 
tractor-trailers. As overall volumes grow, one of the things that will happen, Aditya, 
is that hubs which so far have not needed to take tractor-trailers, will start taking 
them as well. And as an example, two or three of our fastest growing hubs off the 
top of my head in the last year have been, if I’m not mistaken, Nagpur, Chandigarh, 
Kanpur, Indore, all of which are starting to become big tractor-trailer hubs for us. 
And so, as more of the secondary hubs around the country become trailer feasible, 
we will continue to see improvement overall. That’s one. 
 
The second is we also have been experimenting with pilots with road-trains, 
essentially conjoined trailers, that significantly improves the total haulage on our 
tractor. That will give us some benefits as well. We’re also exploring the option of 
electric vehicles, basically, alternative fuels in our intercity operations, which I 
think also will eventually lead to lower costs. But I can’t put an exact number to it 
just yet because it really depends on what loads transact, where on what kinds of 
trucks. But I don’t think we’re at the end of the road yet in terms of optimization. 
 
Aditya: 
And if I can just squeeze one more question, right? So this is more at industry level 
rather than it being specific to Delhivery. But a couple of years back, the general 
understanding was that from a volume perspective, that the mix is about say 60:40, 
roughly 60% captive, 40% third-party logistics. More recently, sense a shift in that 
mix more towards third-party logistics as you see more growth from your tight 
consumer brands or more from tier 2, tier 3. Do you think volumes are moving more 
towards the third-party industry in general? 
 
Sahil: 
I mean that’s not the only reason why volumes should move to the third-party 
industry. We are also cheaper and as good. So it makes sense over a period of time 
for volumes to move to the third-party industry. But I think you’re right. One of the 
key factors is the growth outside of the two large marketplaces. And our expectation 
is that that will continue, because over a period of time as the consumer gets used 
to transacting on the internet and becomes more discerning, the whole point of the 
internet is that multiple small companies can now sell to these consumers. And as 
they do, it’s much more efficient for them to work with third-party partners like 
ourselves, and we have a dominant market share. So it’s a good move for us. 
 
The second thing, obviously, I think at some point -- I’ve been vocal about this; 
we’ve spoken about this in the past -- self-logistics is more expensive, period. And 
so over a period of time, I do expect that as the marketplaces themselves have to 
take financial considerations into account and shareholder returns into account, you 
will continue to see more movement towards third-party logistics. 
 
Aditya. 
Thanks, Sahil. That’s very clear. 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 12 
Vijit:  
Thank you. Operator, can we take the next question, please. 
 
Mukesh: 
Yeah, hi, am I audible? 
 
Sahil:  
Yeah, Mukesh, clearly. 
 
Mukesh: 
Hi, Sahil. Congrats on the good numbers. Sahil, on the average realizations coming 
down to 65. You had called out that it’s because of seasonality in the mix in terms 
of the weight of the cargo. Just looking at last, say, 10 quarters, this has been the 
lowest. Any other reasons for this, in terms of say is it a customer mix change or is 
there a pricing cut in the industry? Any of these reasons that you’re seeing why it 
is coming down to 65? 
 
Sahil: 
No, no, Mukesh, none whatsoever. There is no change in our pricing. We are not 
cutting pricing at this point. The change is largely a couple of things. One, as I had 
mentioned, heavy typically goes up in quarter three quite significantly. So you see 
a lot of consumer durables. You see a lot of bigger items being shipped in e-
commerce. And as a consequence of that when that salience comes down, so I think 
when we did the analysis, about 50% of the total drop in yield is coming nearly 
from the change in heavy. That’s one.  
 
The second is package sizes. Package weights also typically come down in quarter 
4 versus quarter 3. So the average package -- I think package weight decline has 
accounted for about 28% of the difference in yield between quarter 3 and quarter 4. 
So between the heavy shift and the package weight coming down, 80% is explained 
by these two factors. And then there are minor factors. One of which is a minor 
shift in client mix, but that is sort of an unpredictable thing. It changes quarter on 
quarter.  
 
And the other also to some extent is some change in distance mix. Typically during 
the quarter 3 period, distances can be slightly longer than in quarter 4. And so the 
zone AB mix may go up a little bit in quarter 4, compared to quarter 3. But no 
pricing change. In general, I think our competitors, at least some of them, if I’m not 
mistaken, had announced price increases in quarter 3. The Delhivery stated 
position, obviously, is that we will not be announcing price increases in the express 
industry. At the yields that we make, we are profitable and our intention is to 
continue to save our customers money. 
 
Mukesh: 
Understood, understood. And just in continuation I think sometime middle of last 
year you had mentioned that the e-commerce industry is slowing down, and you’ve 
seen that this year the growth is obviously just about 13%, 14%. Any range that 
you would like to call out for the coming year in terms of growth? Are you seeing 
any signs of growth coming back to a stronger trajectory? Any of those? 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 13 
Sahil: 
Mukesh, I don’t want to become the Cassandra of this industry, in general. But I 
must say that when I said that three quarters ago, it was generally met with 
widespread disbelief, but overall it looks like that was sort of the forecast for the 
industry.  
 
As I had mentioned, Mukesh, I think it’s quite public now, even the private players 
have started — their volumes have now become public in The Economic Times and 
so on. I think individual players will continue to see headwinds through the year 
because they have to fundamentally rearchitect some portions of their business. 
And I think ultimately that will cause a drag on the sector to some extent.  
 
But I think if you look at the news on SHEIN, for instance, I think that is going to 
drive growth in the market next year. As I had mentioned, Ajio actually has been a 
pleasant surprise in terms of the rate of growth they saw last year. I think that will 
continue. Reliance has very clearly said they will be aggressive participants in e-
commerce. I think what you’re seeing is a shift or rather a shakeup at the top, which 
will drive growth. My own estimation hasn’t changed. I expect e-commerce to 
continue to grow between 15% and 20% year on year. 
 
Mukesh: 
Okay, right. Thanks for that. I’ll get back in the queue. 
 
Vijit: 
Operator, can we take the next question from Sohan Joshi please? Sohan, you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Sohan:  
Am I audible, Sahil? Am I audible? 
 
Sahil:  
Yeah, Sohan. Please go ahead. 
 
Sahil: 
Yeah. Congratulations, Sahil, for these numbers. Just two questions. This 
improvement in adjusted EBITDA is on account of PTL volumes going up, hence 
there was an improvement in mid-mile utilization because we have most of the cost, 
fixed cost concentrated at the mid-mile. So can we draw a suitable assumption that 
even if express parcel see a decline in revenue in current year, maybe they’re 
funding winter situation of a thing or slowdown in consumer spend? We may still 
see the continuous improvement at the adjusted EBITDA levels. And what are your 
estimates for adjusted EBITDA levels for this current year ’24? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. Sohan, in the interest of not making forward-looking statements, I won’t 
provide an estimate for what adjusted EBITDA will look like for this financial year. 
But I think if you look at our business, and we’ve said this before, it is a business 
that’s easy to understand and model out the sequential improvement. And our 
adjusted EBITDA has been driven by incremental gross margins being quite high. 
In general, our capacity utilization levels, there is still room for them to grow 
through this financial year. So I think we’ll continue to see improvement. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 14 
 
To your earlier question, I think two things. One is, yes, as PTL volumes grow, we 
will continue to see sequential improvement in adjusted EBITDA. There’s no doubt 
that that will continue. Also, the faster the PTL business grows, the easier it 
becomes for us to induct, or rather the more feasible it becomes for us to induct 
more tractor-trailers and to increase the haulage capacity of our trucks. And so the 
PTL business has that pleasant side effect as it grows. 
 
In terms of the express business, I think even if the market slows down, I should 
point out that, as I mentioned earlier, we will gain share in these periods. In fact, a 
slowing market is worse for our competitors by far because we are the most 
efficient player in this space; and we will defend market share as we need to, 
overall. So, I don’t think a slowing market is going to affect our adjusted EBITDA 
in any way.  
 
As I had mentioned in the start of the year when we did the SpotOn integration, and 
there were multiple questions around growth, I had mentioned at the time that the 
company’s primary focus was not getting the growth tap on, but really was making 
sure the margins were intact. Because there’s no point driving fast if you don’t 
know where you’re going. So in our case, now we have four sequential quarters of 
margin improvement. I think it’s quite clear as to how the margin improvement will 
continue. And now turning on the growth tap for us is not going to be very hard. 
 
Sohan: 
My second question is regarding your capex spend. Now in your press release, you 
have said that you’re going to go aggressive for the capacity expansion, but then 
even our peers are going for aggressive capacity expansion, like say, Mahindra 
Logistics starting a new facility, VRL ordering more trucks, TCI is starting a new 
supply chain service lab. So are we going to keep our capex plan targeted level at 
6%? I think we were supposed to keep our capex plan targeted at 6% and then 
gradually go to bring down at 5% and so on. So are we going to reach that thing, 
our peers are also making an aggressive investment in capacity expansion. What is 
your sense? Can you throw some color on that? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. I think we will continue with our capex investment plans exactly as we’ve 
mentioned in the past. So you’re right, we will stay at this -- in this financial year I 
think we will stay between 6% to 7% of revenue overall, in terms of capex spend. 
Our competitors -- also we have competitors, with due respect, say that they will 
aggressively expand capacity, I think each of the participants in this industry has a 
different definition for the word aggressive.  
 
Our plans remain unaffected by what competitors choose to do, and especially in 
the PTL space. For example, the market -- the big move in the market is not 
competition between Delhivery and Mahindra Logistics. The big move is the 
change from sort of the fragmented, unorganized market to the organized market. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 15 
And so there’s room enough for all of us to build capacity and to service our 
customers. So our capex plans will remain exactly what they are. But if your 
question is, are we going to accelerate capex plans because Mahindra Logistics and 
TCI are aggressive, the answer is no. What they do has no bearing on our strategy. 
 
Sohan: 
That’s it from my side. Thanks a lot, thanks Sahil. 
 
Vijit: 
Hi, can we take the next question from Gaurav Rateria, please. Gaurav, please go 
ahead. 
 
Gaurav: 
Am I audible? 
 
Vijit:  
Yeah, Gaurav, you’re audible. 
 
Gaurav: 
Thank you for taking my question. So I have couple of questions. First, would it be 
possible to quantify the impact on the PTL volume and revenues due to churning 
out of the less profitable customers in fiscal ’23? And could this be a tailwind to 
revenue in fiscal ’24? 
 
Sahil:  
Sure. Do you want to go through all your questions or should I go one by one? 
 
Gaurav: 
Yeah, my second question is the yield reduction that you talked about appears to be 
more like a seasonal phenomena. However, it is not visible in the Q-on-Q trends in 
the last year, 4th quarter. So is this something which is more than seasonal and any 
structural change going on in terms of pattern of demand across different segment 
which is driving this weight reduction? And third question is, rough math indicates 
that the adjusted EBITDA for the transportation business could be in high-single 
digits for the quarter. Is this understanding correct without giving any numbers? 
And how to understand what would have been the total ROCE for this business and 
what it could become over the next two, three years? Thank you. 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. Thanks Gaurav, let me start with the PTL volume question. Yes, the recovery 
between 318,000 tons of freight that we did for the quarter. So let’s say on average, 
whatever, let’s say 110,000 tons, 108,000 tons of freight per month compared to, 
let’s say 140,000 tons of freight on average that we were doing quarter 4 last year. 
The gap is about 32,000 tons a month. My sense, though I don’t have the exact 
numbers, off the top of my head, my sense is that nearly about a third of that at least 
would be customers that we have voluntarily churned through the year, and 
business that we’ve jettisoned, either because it didn’t fit our vision for what the 
PTL business should be.  
 
So it was either a form factor or a shape or a lane that we didn’t wish to service or 
at a margin that we didn’t wish to service. So is that going to be a big tailwind for 
the next year? I think it certainly is. But as I had mentioned, we do continue to 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 16 
evaluate all of our contracts. We do continue to evaluate customers on an ongoing 
basis. I think Delhivery and SpotOn had slightly different ways of doing business 
and now that’s been consolidated. So as we do that, I think there will still be some 
customers where we are renegotiating.  
 
But the good thing, of course, is with service levels being at 93%, losses and 
damages being at less than .05% with best-in-class service quality and highest 
network speed, the negotiations obviously at this point are much easier than they 
were in quarter 2 of last year. So I do think there’s a significant tailwind in the PTL 
business. 
 
In terms of your yield question, last year’s quarter 4 numbers, that’s also why we 
keep calling out Shopee and taking it out, because I think Shopee was a big 
distortionary factor in quarter 3 and quarter 4 of last year. Because among other 
things, they were shipping extremely small packages and in high volumes across 
the country. So I think that’s partly why you don’t see the change between quarter 
3 and quarter 4 in the last financial year. In the last financial year, those two 
quarters, numbers are contaminated by Shopee. Otherwise, this seasonal trend that 
you see, as we look through our data over the last 11 years, it’s fairly common to 
see this change from quarter 3 to quarter 4. 
 
The last bit is on adjusted EBITDA for the transport business. I can’t provide 
specific numbers because we don’t do segmental reporting. But yes, you would be 
correct that the transportation business is significantly profitable, which is quite 
obvious, because those are the businesses that have -- the PTL and express 
businesses are the businesses that have grown this year, and obviously, the 
incremental gross margin comes from there. And broadly, I mean you can see that 
fixed costs have broadly either remained stable or come down.  
In terms of the return on capital, our expectation for every business that we run is 
that it meets an ROCE hurdle of 30%, and the transportation business has 
comfortably reached that. 
 
Gaurav: 
Super useful. Thanks a lot Sahil. At some point in time, it will be great to have 
some color on segmental breakup on EBITDA or ROCE, just to understand like 
what stage different businesses are in right now. Thank you. 
 
Sahil: 
Certainly. Thank you. 
 
Vijit: 
Thanks. Can we take the next question from Alok Deora, please? Alok, please go 
ahead. 
 
Alok: 
Hi, good evening. Congrats on good numbers. So just actually one question I had. 
So we have seen Amazon increasing capacity and Blue Dart also inducting new 
planes. So just wanted some color, how do you see this? Is it because there has been 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 17 
a sharp improvement in the outlook or is it specific to certain segments like e-
commerce, for example, where we are seeing a very strong demand outlook, which 
is why these players are adding capacity? And also one more thing is, how does 
Amazon adding capacity impacts us? 
 
Sahil: 
Certainly, I think Amazon adding or not adding capacity makes no difference to 
anybody other than Amazon. So it’s quite irrelevant as far as Delhivery is 
concerned. Obviously, the self-logistics arms at various points have flirted with the 
idea of externalizing their services; but unfortunately, strategy is easier to 
conceptualize than to execute. And I don’t think their expanding capacity is going 
to make any significant difference to the market.  
 
Obviously, if they are expanding capacity because they expect their volumes to go 
up, I would view that as a big net positive for the industry as a whole. Because if 
Amazon’s volumes are to go up, that means increased spend on the category, that 
has to mean increased spend which will drive consumers to come into other online 
businesses as well. So in some senses, I guess the answer is it doesn’t really matter. 
 
As far as Blue Dart goes, again, I’m not entirely sure what their outlook and why 
they brought the planes in; but I’m sure it is to drive growth in their core aviation 
business, which has limited impact on ecommerce because it costs 50 rupees a kg 
at the bare minimum to ship on an aircraft, not counting the costs of pickup and 
delivery which are also significant. And so aviation is simply not a preferred mode 
of transport for packages that, on average, cost 500 rupees. So I’m guessing that 
they’re seeing this because of increased manufacturing output and are likely going 
to use the planes for that.  
Apart from which, I think they’ve also begun to fly sorties into Southeast Asia and 
the Middle East, but again, I’m not super familiar with their strategic rationale. 
What I can tell you is that bringing in more planes is unlikely to change the e-
commerce landscape in any way. 
 
Alok: 
Sure. And just also wanted to understand, so if you look at these two segments, like 
e-commerce and the B2B, so in SpotOn when we have this integration hiccup 
during the first quarter, so some of the customers had gone to other players. So are 
we seeing them coming back or just some light on that? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. The short answer, of course, is yes, we are seeing them coming back. 
Customers are not unused to the idea of switching networks in the event that there 
is a temporary disruption in any one network. Because the reality is -- I speak not 
just for Delhivery here -- for any network this is a possibility. There could be a 
variety of different reasons why somebody’s network in a specific lane or an IT 
system or a bunch of trucks or a hub is incapacitated for some reason, and so 
customers are amenable to that.  
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 18 
So we have seen customers return. As I mentioned, you’ve seen a 23%, 23.4% 
increase in volumes in PTL between quarter 3 and quarter 4. Whatever the number 
might be, I’m sure the industry has not grown 23.4% between quarter 3 and quarter 
4, so we’ve gained share. That share, obviously, to some extent has meant 
customers shifting volumes from other providers back to Delhivery.  
 
I think from our standpoint, the way we look at it is at 93% service levels with an 
average delivery time of 4.3 days across the entire country and less than 0.05% 
short and damaged deliveries, that’s a best-in-class service. And so customers really 
have no reason to not be working with Delhivery. So we do continue to see both 
increased share of wallet from customers, new customers coming in who’ve never 
worked with us before, and recovery of accounts that had temporarily paused during 
the integration. 
 
Alok: 
Just one last question. So I’m not asking anything like a forward-looking in that 
sense from the company side, but what growth at the industry level we could look 
at for the B2B segment as well as for the B2C segment? Because I believe that in 
last couple of quarters the outlook has changed because we have seen some 
slowdown in some specific areas. So if you were to look at FY 24 and ’25, what 
kind of growth outlook could be there for the industry in these two verticals? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. I think if you look at e-commerce in general, while any individual year may 
go up and down for a variety of different reasons, broadly, if you work your way 
backwards from what percentage of consumption do you expect e-commerce to be, 
let’s say, five years out and work backwards, an annualized growth rate of between 
sort of 18 and 25% odd seems broadly par for the course. I think that seems 
appropriate.  
 
From our standpoint, I think it’s quite simple. As the market leader with the cost 
advantage that we have, our minimum expectation will be to grow at market rates, 
if not gain share. But, of course, as I’ve mentioned, our competitive advantages 
grow larger the larger we get; and so potentially we will grow faster than the market 
as well in some years. 
 
In terms of the B2B industry, I think growth rate in PTL is driven by a shift from 
FTL to PTL to some extent, that’s one. The second, obviously, growth comes as 
people are shifting away sort of from -- in our case, the organized space comes from 
the shift from unorganized and fragmented players to organized players. Generally, 
it’s a sort of a GDP plus-plus kind of growth rate. Our expectation for the PTL 
business obviously, we’ve grown 23% in the last quarter, Delhivery standalone was 
growing anywhere between 60 and 100% a year. SpotOn standalone was growing 
anywhere between 15 and 30% a year. I think in the near term, as the industry 
organizes, our expectation will be to grow in mid to high double digits. 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 19 
Vijit: 
Thank you. Can we take the next question from Abhijit Mitra, please. And just a 
reminder to participants, please limit yourself to two questions only. Abhijit, please 
go ahead. 
 
Abhijit: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I hope I’m audible. 
 
Sahil:  
Ye, you are, Abhijit. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijit: 
Yeah, I might have missed this point earlier, but the drop in PTL realization is 
almost 4% Q-on-Q. I mean what are the factors behind that? Because I see some of 
the other peers also reporting 4, 5% sequential drop. So is it because the raw 
material or the ingredient costs have not reduced for the industry, per se? So how 
to look at this reduction? 
 
Sahil: 
It’s in our case -- I mean I have no idea, I can’t speak to our competitors’ businesses 
or our peers -- but at least in our case, it’s largely mix shift. We have four major 
segments in our PTL business. Which is one is major accounts, which is essentially 
enterprise accounts; the second is SMEs; the third is retail; and the fourth is 
aggregators. So as the mix across these four shifts, and at period of high growth the 
mix will be slightly volatile, there are changes in yield. So in this quarter it happens 
to have reduced by 4%, that’s one.  
 
The second, obviously, is that lane mix also makes a little bit of difference. So in a 
specific quarter, if for instance you are transacting slightly lower distances because 
of the kinds of loads you’re doing, there’s a possibility for the yields to come down. 
But there’s nothing structural. I don’t think either -- I don’t think any of our 
competitors has announced in the PTL space any pricing moves. We certainly 
haven’t. Customers aren’t asking for it. So it’s really just mix. 
 
Abhijit: 
Got it, got it. That’s helpful. The second question is, regarding your unbilled 
receivables, again, this is the guess by looking at your other financial assets -- it 
seems to have gone up significantly. And if I add, again, estimated number of 
unbilled receivables and receivables, the days as a percent -- as the ratio of sales 
seems to have jumped a lot in this year. How to look at that? 
 
Sahil:  
Sure. Amit? CFO is on the call. 
 
Amit: 
This has basically increased because in the last quarter of this year, actually second 
half of this year, we started integrating the SpotOn’s billing system with 
Delhivery’s billing system. Prior to this, both companies had their own billing 
system. And Delhivery’s billing system was not a fully automated billing system, 
but it is now close to the final stage.  
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 20 
So because of this and couple of remaining modules that are to be built out, we had 
this extended billing cycle but it took a longer period than we would like. We expect 
to see a significant improvement in our unbilled days and the collections days both 
over next two quarters. 
 
Abhijit: 
Got it. I have other questions. I’ll come back in the queue. Thanks. 
 
Vijit: 
Thank you. Can we take the next question from Alok Deshpande, please? Alok, 
please go ahead. 
 
Alok: 
Yeah. Sahil, two questions. First, again, sorry to come back on this question on the 
yield. But given the fact that you have given the numbers for Shopee for last Q4 
also, wasn’t the decline in Q4 last year much, much lower in the sense that it was 
just 3 or 4% for vis-a-vis 7, 8% fall Q-on-Q this year? And will this 65 now, how 
do we see this going? As we go into Q1, Q2, does it usually bounce back in Q1 and 
Q2 compared to Q4? That is my first question.  
 
And second question is, see after Q1 when we reorganized the entire SpotOn 
acquisition, we had Q2, Q3, and Q4 where the benefits of the volumes kicked in 
and that flowed directly to the adjusted EBITDA. Now is the pace of that slowing 
down and now going forward in Q1 and Q2 or Q3, I mean will we see the normal 
operating leverage or the normal pace of operating leverage kicking in? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. Both good questions. The first one on yield, look, unless there is any need to 
make pricing interventions with any customer, which we don’t foresee, I don’t think 
there will be any structural shift in yield. One difference between the last financial 
year and this one is that we’ve actually gained share in the heavy segment within 
e-commerce. And so the salience of heavy was larger in Q3, I would say, in this 
financial year than it was in the previous quarters. Which is why the drop also looks 
larger between Q3/Q4 this year than it was last time because we gained a significant 
amount of share in this sector. It’s a capability that is, in some ways, unique to 
Delhivery, outside of which there’s obviously a mix shift between quarter 3 and 
quarter 4. 
 
More importantly, I think on yield, looking at the aggregate yield, obviously, as 
simply revenue divided by volume, without the impact of mix, is a bit misleading. 
What’s important and the statement that I’d make is to say that we don’t anticipate 
any sort of significant structural differences on pricing. That said, obviously, as 
volumes grow as we hit our target gross margin levels with every customer, we 
evaluate pricing at a customer level, intend to pass those benefits on. But at no point 
in time are we going to see any change in margins, irrespective of what happens to 
yield.  
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 21 
So Q1/Q2 short answer, I don’t think there’s anything structurally that will change. 
I think the yields will remain where they are. Little bit of it will depend on how the 
heavy volumes grow in this period. 
 
To your second question which was around PTL, that’s actually a very good 
question. Incremental gross margins actually have showed no sign of slowing down 
in quarter 4. To be perfectly honest, when we started inducting the tractor- trailers, 
we had an underlying assumption of how fast we would be able to induct them and 
how fast hubs would become tractor capable. I’ll be honest, we’ve been pleasantly 
surprised at the pace at which the tractor-trailers have been inducted and have made 
a difference.  
 
Our expectation really in the beginning was that we would start seeing some return 
to a relatively more normal incremental gross margin compared to what we’re 
seeing. But it looks like we still have headroom. So it’s difficult to model out 
because it depends on where the volumes are coming from, where they’re going, 
what transshipment points they’re moving through, but at least at this point in time, 
it does look like the overall incremental gross margin trend is going to continue for 
the next couple of quarters. 
 
Alok: 
Sure. Sahil, just one last question on,you give out service EBITDA margin levels 
at overall level, and I understand that you don’t give it on a segmental basis. But 
just to get some sense, is there any difference of service EBITDA margins that you 
give between express parcel and PTL just to understand the gap between the 2? 
 
Sahil: 
We don’t declare these at this point. We are evaluating, and at some point I think 
we’ll start providing more color around segmental margins. But at this point we 
don’t. There is a difference between, at this point in time, given the relative volume 
scale, I think there is a difference in the service EBITDA margins between the 
express and the PTL business. The express business obviously has significantly 
higher service EBITDA margins than the PTL business right now.  
 
But over a period of time, these are both fundamentally consolidation, 
deconsolidation businesses. And one of our advantages, of course, is that we run a 
fully-integrated network. And so the fully integrated network should deliver in the 
long term the same EBITDA profile, super normal EBITDA profile in both 
businesses. 
 
Alok:  
Sure. Thanks. Very helpful. 
 
Vijit: 
Thanks. Can we take the next question from Pulkit Patni, please. Pulkit, can you 
please go ahead? 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 22 
Pulkit: 
Thank you for taking my question. Two questions. First is, when I look at your 
adjusted EBITDA calculation, for a revenue in the range of between 1,800 crores 
and 2,000 crores, your corporate overheads have been in the 200 crores range. Is 
there a number for revenue that you can do with similar cost overheads? Any rough 
sense of that you can give us? Question #1. 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. On corporate overheads, I think they are currently at about 10.7% of revenue. 
As I mentioned, in the long term, we expect corporate overheads to settle 
somewhere between the 3.5 and 4.5% of revenue kind of range and maybe up to a 
5% sort of revenue kind of range. So we expect that this corporate overhead cost 
will continue to decline from this point.  
 
The 10.7% at this point, of course, is slightly overstated because we’re at 1,860 
crores versus the 2,000 crores of revenue that we did last year. We didn’t feel the 
need to make any structural changes in corporate overhead for one financial year 
while we were integrating. But if your question is are we expecting a sharp uptick 
in corporate overheads through this financial year as revenues grow, the short 
answer is no. 
 
Pulkit: 
Understood. Yeah, that was my question. That’s helpful. My second question is if 
you could just give a sense of what our market share is. While we understand you 
are the largest, but just some numbers would be helpful. 
 
Sahil: 
This isn’t unfortunately tracked by any reliable third-party agency. And obviously 
I have a vested interest to provide some thoughts. So I’ll refrain from doing that 
because this is one of those cases where maybe even if I say it, you probably 
shouldn’t believe it.  
 
But look, I think we are the market leader in this space among the third-party 
logistics companies by a stretch. I think easiest way is for you to just maybe order 
100 packages online and see how many of them come through Delhivery. And in 
terms of the self-logistics arms, I think Ekart is perhaps slightly larger than us in 
terms of overall volumes, but not significantly so. So my sense is between the top 
three players in this space, which are the two self-logistics arms and Delhivery, we 
will probably form somewhere between, I don’t know, maybe about 75% to 80% 
of the market. 
 
Pulkit:  
Got it. That’s very useful. Thank you. 
 
Vijit: 
Thank you. Can we take the next question from Sachin Dixit, please? Sachin, please 
go ahead. 
 
Sachin: 
Yeah. Can you hear me now? 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 23 
Sahil:  
Yes, Sachin. 
 
Sachin: 
Hi Sahil, great quarter. I had a question regarding the ESOP expense. So roughly 2 
million odd ESOPs were issued in May. And now this has obviously picked up over 
what we have seen over the last year or so. Can you detail a bit about like  who are 
these granted to, what’s the reason for such a large grant? 
 
Sahil: 
The grant that we make in May is part of our annual performance cycle. It’s in line 
with our overall compensation philosophy. So we’ve concluded our annual 
performance cycle at the end of March. And this essentially covers all employees 
across the organization who are eligible, who meet a certain performance rating and 
who we feel it’s important for us to retain. So it’s just a part of our overall retention 
policy. I think we’ve issued 1.99 million stock options as part of this cycle, which 
is in keeping with our historical trends as well. Amit, in case there’s anything you’d 
like to add. 
 
Amit: 
Yeah, I’d just like to add, Sahil, we are very comfortably placed with the guidance 
that we have given that this pool is sufficient for us to last for six years. At current 
rate of consumption, it will last far more than six, seven years. 
 
Sachin: 
Understood. The other question is on the depreciation expense. We are noting that 
to go up as well. Can you explain what’s the reason for that? 
 
Amit: 
So majority of our capex in an annual cycle comes live into 2nd quarter of the year, 
and you’ll typically see the 3rd and the 4th quarters where all of the depreciation in 
the first year being live there and that depreciation is high in the first year because 
of the WDV method. So it’s a combination of WDV method for depreciation 
coupled with the depreciation going live by September, sorry, capex going live by 
September, typically. So second half of the fiscal year is a higher depreciation 
period. 
 
Sachin: 
So we should expect this trend to last year over year. 
 
Amit: 
This is a typical trend. Because first half of the year is the very stable period to 
typically build capacity before the peak season hits. 
 
Sachin: 
Understood, thanks. Those are the questions. 
 
Vijit: 
Can we take the next question from Ankit Agarwal(?), please? Ankit, please go 
ahead. Ankit, can you hear us? 
 
Ankit:  
Hi. Can you guys hear me? 
 
Sahil:  
Yeah, Ankit. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 24 
 
Ankit: 
Yeah. Again, wanted to go back to the depreciation question. I just wanted to check, 
was there any impact of higher number of Volvo trucks being introduced in our 
fleet this year. Has that led to increasing depreciation cost this year, or this quarter 
particularly? 
 
Amit: 
Yes. I mean there is nothing abnormal in the 4th quarter; but there is a constant 
number of Volvos getting added into our network. I think over last year we have 
added about 150 odd Volvos into our business, into the company and another about 
150 through vendors. The vendors who are on a wet lease model while the 
company-owned Volvos are on company’s books. So 150 of them were inducted in 
a gradual manner, about 20, 25 per month throughout the year. 
 
Ankit: 
Got it, but just a follow up on that one. Given that we are gradually moving from 
an asset-like model to owning more of trucks, so do you think EBIT rather than 
EBITDA, probably EBITDA reduced by depreciation would be a better metric to 
look at to gauge profitability of the business going forward? 
 
Amit: 
I mean the absolute purpose of the business is to generate free cashflows. And so 
PAT and free cashflow are the right metrics for us to look at. But we are also in a 
significant growth and investment phase because of which looking at adjusted 
EBITDA is the metric or EBITDA is the metric. But sure, we do report EBIT and 
PBT numbers as well. 
 
Ankit: 
Got it. Thanks. Thats all from my side. Thanks. 
 
Vijit: 
Can we take the next question from Sai(?), please. Sai, please go ahead. 
 
Sai: 
 
Yeah, can you hear me, Sahil? 
 
Sahil:  
Yeah, Sai. 
 
Sai: 
Yeah. Firstly, congratulations on the results. I would like to ask two questions for 
you. Firstly, what are the key learnings for you over the past year of ups and downs 
that can be implemented to make Delhivery a stronger company in the future? And 
secondly, with both Amazon and Flipkart having started their 3PL operations, how 
is Delhivery thinking through this risk of this entity scaling up their operations over 
time? 
 
Sahil: 
Sure, yeah, a good question. The first one I think the first big learning for us 
obviously is ultimately with the integration of SpotOn was really that even though 
we thought we had everything ticked and done, our systems were integrated; 
customers had been onboarded; contracts had been done appropriately; pricing had 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 25 
been appropriately done. I think at the end of the day, our training systems needed 
more work.  
 
I think so going forward, were we to be acquisitive again in the future, I think we’re 
going to be more careful in terms of the acquisition period and the post-merger 
integration process. I think there are some very good learnings in terms of how to 
project manage that better. That’s one.  
 
The second I think that has come up, especially over the last 12 to 18 months, is as 
we’ve dealt with the world, which is increasingly volatile, both in terms of volumes 
fluctuating up and down, individual players in the market sometimes going boom 
or bust, and apart from which fundamentally also operating as a logistics company 
in a changing-weather environment, I think we’re also, for instance, learning how 
to manage risk in our network much better. 
 
So key learning has been as we are building these larger pieces of infrastructure to 
really think through a larger variety of risks and making sure that the company is 
risk proof. And I think that’s starting to reflect to some extent in the service levels 
overall. And so these are one – I mean look, it’s an operations business, right? You 
learn something new every day in an operations business.  
 
But if I were to say what are the two big chunky things that we’ve learned this year, 
I’d say these are the two. So I think we’ve improved our M&A muscle significantly, 
even though we’ve gone through a painful period in the 1st quarter. And the second 
is I think we’re learning how to take more balanced decisions with risk in mind. 
 
Your second question on Amazon and Flipkart, I think every quarter this does come 
up, and it’s come up from the day we started this business in 2011. What happens 
if self-logistics does whatever people think it’s going to do. But the short answer to 
that is I don’t think self-logistics companies can be externalized as easily. This 
sounds great on paper. It’s an entirely different thing to execute, because self-
logistics arms by their very name, they are self-logistics, they are designed to 
service internal needs. They are designed to service warehouses which run a 
specific way, customers who have interacted with the brand in a certain way. 
They’re not designed for these purposes.  
 
Not every hub, irrespective of the fact that it might handle packages, operates 
exactly the same way. It takes a very different kind of system to be able to service 
on a daily basis 27,000 different kinds of customers with different size warehouses; 
different processes; different technical systems; different customer expectations; 
different package sizes; different return policies; different peaks and troughs in their 
businesses.  
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 26 
So I think the idea that self-logistics can be successfully externalized is one that 
seems to have infected the consumer internet world across geographies, including 
India. But if you ask me, there, frankly, is very limited evidence from anywhere on 
the planet that this actually is a good idea. So in some senses, what Amazon and 
Flipkart do in terms of externalizing is of no consequence to Delhivery. 
 
Vijit: 
The next question is from the line of Anshul Agrawal. Anshul, please go ahead. 
Anshul, can you hear us? Please go ahead. 
 
Anshul: 
I’m so sorry. I was muted. So am I audible now? 
 
Vijit:  
Yeah, Anshul, please go ahead. 
 
Sahil:  
Yeah, Anshul, please go. 
 
Anshul: 
Sure. Thank you for the opportunity Sahil. How do we judge the utilization levels 
of our PTL network? And at what juncture do we decide to expand, invest in 
strengthening or expanding our network? That was my first question. 
 
Sahil: 
Sure. Utilization across the network, it’s a slightly complex beast. One is obviously 
there is infrastructure utilization. So there are the pickup and delivery stations 
which are the freight service centers where utilization is essentially how many tons 
you can move through the location per hour or per minute or per person and so on. 
Then there is obviously the trucks where utilization is measured to, essentially the 
combined utilization is on a ton-kilometer basis. So it’s a combination of how much 
you fill up the truck, billable weight versus carrying capacity and also distance 
utilization.  
 
And then for the hubs, obviously, again, it’s a throughput utilization measure. 
Various parts of our network have various degrees of utilization, as you can 
imagine. So an aggregate utilization in some senses is a little bit of a meaningless 
construct because it really depends on each of the individual hubs. 
 
Also it depends on the lifecycle of the hub. So hub which has been around much 
longer, obviously, would be significantly more utilized than a hub which has just 
been expanded. So to give you an example, we just consolidated two of our 
facilities in Indore into a single facility; and single facility’s utilization is at a 
percentage basis slightly lower than the utilization of the two individual facilities. 
But it’s higher overall capacity, so it’s handling more tonnage.  
 
Usually capacity utilizations in the trucking network, unless it’s a very sparse lane, 
will range in the 60% to the 100% sort of level. We do have trucks, of course, which 
are over 100% utilized, because essentially we are matching loads very well in 
those trucks. And at the hub level, usually utilizations will vary somewhere between 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 27 
sort of 80% all the way up to a little over 100% in some hubs. Our decision to 
expand a hub will usually come when we see a sustained period of near 100% 
utilization of the hub’s theoretical capacity. 
 
I do want to point one thing out, though, very clearly, Anshul, which is as the 
business has grown, our ability to engineer higher productivity out of our hubs has 
also significantly improved. So even today, for example, we have hubs which have 
the ability to do six tons per person per day, and at the same time, we have smaller 
hubs which may be at 3.5 tons per person per day. And so the first step will be 
really to take that 3.5 up to 6.  
 
Also, as we introduce more robotics, as our systems become better, the throughput 
that we are extracting out of our existing hubs is also going up. So to some extent, 
we are sort of -- there’s no other way to say it -- we’re really inventing this also as 
we go along. And as that happens, I think capacity utilization, the definition itself 
is changing for us. For example, today the capacity utilizations that we see -- to be 
perfectly frank, if you would ask me this question five years ago, I’m not sure I 
would have said that these were even possible. So I really don’t have a very good 
answer for how much more it can increase. It depends on the kinds of automation 
and the kinds of technology systems we build. 
 
Anshul: 
Thank you. I have another question. Can I go ahead? 
 
Vijit:  
Yeah, please go ahead. 
 
Anshul: 
So quickly, so Sahil, considering our trucks are running almost 25,000 kilometers 
per month, almost 20 hours a day, is there any scope of us improving our asset turns 
in the mid-mile or basically trying to understand do we have any other revenue-
driven margin levers? I understand cost efficiency that we bring in. But apart from 
that, do we have any other revenue-driven margin levers? 
 
Sahil: 
I’m not sure I fully understand the question. When you say revenue-driven margin 
improvement, do you mean in terms of increasing pricing? 
 
Anshul: 
Not exactly. So basically, if we improve our asset turns right in any business, if you 
increase your asset turns, etcetera, you utilize your assets better, that would 
significantly give you a jump up in margins that’s revenue driven. So probably to 
sum it up, basically, do we see asset turns improving from the current levels? 
 
Sahil: 
It’s a good question. I’m just trying to think through it. We have seen improvement, 
obviously, already. But, again, I’m not 100% sure that I’d like to make a statement 
on that. We have seen improvement in asset turns, yes. Will it continue to improve? 
Yes. But is it a predictable sort of improvement in asset turns? I’m not really -- I 
don’t think I’ll comment on that just yet. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 28 
 
Anshul: 
Okay. Just one more if I can squeeze in. What are the typical investments/capex 
that are required to set up a gateway or sortation center? 
 
Amit: 
So Anshul, the typical set of things that go into a mega gateway are a parcel 
sortation system. These parcel sortation systems are typically now cross-belt sorters 
ranging from speed of about 15,000 packages per hour to 50,000 packages per hour. 
And then these are coupled with bag sortation systems, which can sort another 
8,000 to 10,000 bags or boxes per hour. We invest in, we don’t buy any land 
building. All of that is leased from the owner of the property. And we do all of the 
designing of the facility, including automation, furniture, fixture, electrification, 
and IT enablement of the facility. 
 
Vijit: 
Thank you. And can we please take the next question from Sneha. Sneha, please go 
ahead. 
 
Sneha:  
Yeah. Can you hear me? 
 
Sahil:  
Yes, Sneha. Please go ahead. 
 
Sneha: 
Yeah. So just one question from my side. Considering we have been talking about 
Ajio’s growth in recent periods, do we have any updated stats on what customer 
concentration for our business now looks like? 
 
Sahil: 
We do. Our top five customers at the time that we listed, formed, if I’m not 
mistaken, about 44% of our revenue. And as of this quarter, I think that number is 
less than 40%. 
 
Sneha:  
Sure. Thanks. That helps. Thank you. 
 
Sahil: 
I do want to point one thing out though, however, Sneha. I know I called it out 
before, but I will call it out again, which is that also that customer concentration is 
also because customers buy multiple services from us. So service time customer 
concentration is lower, because a single customer may buy PTL and express and 
supply chain services and so on. So just at an account level, the name account level. 
 
Sneha:  
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Vijit: 
Thank you, Sahil. We have time for one last question I guess and that’s going to be 
me. Sahil, my question -- most of my questions were answered, but in general, when 
you talked about capex plans this year of 6% to 7%, I’m just curious, given what 
you’ve called out on growth. And growth in the current fiscal year was also not that 
very high for the industry. How would you split that capex between what you do 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 29 
on automation side between Volvo installations and between new locations? Is a 
bulk of this capex still going to be Volvo in FY24? 
 
Amit: 
So Vijit, about one-fourth to one-third capex could be in Volvos and trailers. We 
buy trailers for sure. Buying of Volvos is between us and our partners, but that 
could be somewhere between one-fourth and one-third of the total capex that we 
plan to do. About 10%-odd of it would be – 10 to 15% would be in supply chain 
services business, and out of the remaining bit, about half of it would be attributable 
to automation, and remaining half to IT equipments and all of the other furniture 
fixture enablement inside the facility. 
 
Vijit: 
Got it. So, Amit, these will be still inside existing facilities or new facilities is 
included? 
 
Amit: 
These would be including the new facilities. So as we have announced that there is 
a Bhiwandi mega-facility which will go live this year hopefully sometime in late 
August or sometime in November. That plus Bangalore mega-facility, which is 
expected to come in March of 2024. So what will happen is that, for example, in 
Bhiwandi, we’ll be consolidating three of our facilities under one roof. The net area 
we don’t expect to increase by much. But because it’s larger facility, there will be 
new set of automation and the same set of automation will be repurposed into 
another part of the country. 
 
Vijit: 
Got it, thanks Amit. Those were my questions. Thank you so much, everyone, for 
joining this call. I’ll hand it back to Sahil for any closing remarks and then we’ll 
close the session. 
 
Sahil: 
Thank you, Vijit. Thank you to the Citi team for hosting us, and thank you all for 
joining today’s call. I think the summary is it remains the same. I think we’ve had 
another good quarter. Our focus was really sequential margin improvement that has 
continued. And we’ve consolidated our position in our two core businesses, which 
is the express parcel business and the PTL business.  
 
Our focus in the next year is going to be to continue to expand thoughtfully, to 
continue to maintain our service levels at best-in-class levels, and continue to drive 
improvements in unit economics. And where possible and where necessary, pass 
those benefits on to customers and keep improving our profitability. I think we’re 
well set for the next financial year. And so far, it’s been a good start to the financial 
year. So hopefully, that will continue. Thank you. Thank you all for joining. 
 
Vijit:  
Thank you. 
 
Amit:  
Thank you, everyone. 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Call-  Hosted by Citi 
May 21, 2023 
 
Page 30 
END 
