 
     
            
 
    
 
 
 
 
June 01, 2023 
 
To, 
 
To, 
BSE LIMITED  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
'G' Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street,  
Bandra East,  
Mumbai- 400 001  
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 524091  
Trading Symbol: CARYSIL 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on May 26, 
2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Q4 FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call for Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2023 held on Friday, May 26, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For CARYSIL LTD.  
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS ACRYSIL LIMITED) 
 
 
REENA SHAH 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: a/a 
Reena 
Tejas Shah
Digitally signed by 
Reena Tejas Shah 
Date: 2023.06.01 
17:55:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Carysil Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited and the Company website on 26th May 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHIRAG PAREKH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – CARYSIL LIMITED 
MR. ANAND SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
CARYSIL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Carysil Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Parekh, Chairman and Managing Director. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Carysil Limited Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. I hope everyone had a chance to go through our financial results and investor 
presentation, which were posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. I'm 
accompanied by our CFO, Mr. Anand Sharma; and SGA, Investor Relations advisors on this 
call today. 
Let me start with some economic updates. In the last financial year, most of the global economies 
were grappling with persistent inflationary pressures, coupled with disruption in the banking 
industry. Central Bank across the globe taking calibrated measures to keep the inflation under 
control. However, the last data suggests that price pressures were easing among most of the 
global economics. Further the oceans freight have normalized and the supply chains have also 
reverted to its means. 
U.S. debt before remained a key threat to overall positive development witnessed over the last 
few months. On the other hand, India continues to be on the bright spot in the global economy. 
Some of the trends such as increases in product spending, rising per capita income, driving 
demand for housing and an uptick in home renovations augurs well for the improved demand 
per month. 
Now coming to specifics of our business performance for Q4 and FY '23. We're pleased to 
announce that in FY '23, we have surpassed our medium-term target of INR500 crores, which 
we finally ended close to INR600 crores. Our focused business approach and broadening of our 
product offerings across a variety of product categories helps us to achieve our objectives. 
Let me talk a bit about our export business first. We are witnessing an increase in the inflow of 
export orders, and a few economies are showing signs of a rebound in demand. Also, we recently 
renewed our contract with our customer, Karran USA for the supply of Quartz kitchen sinks 
worth $68 million, approximately INR550 crores over a 5-year period commencing from FY 
'24. 
Our relationship with Karran started with an agreement in 2017 with INR45 crores, and its 
average value of sales for the past 2 years had been INR70 crores to INR75 crores approximately. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Karran is rapidly taking on the Quartz kitchen sinks in the United States from other 
manufacturers. 
Furthermore, both Europe and U.K. is showing signs of encouraging of recovery, especially on 
the demand side of things. However, the progress in Europe has been slow compared to the other 
markets. 
Now coming to the domestic market. While global markets remain uncertain and slow, we must 
made lots of efforts to expand in India. We are undertaking product expansion, team expansion, 
launching a range of new models. In addition, we are strengthening our marketing team and 
increasing efforts to increase our brand visibility in India. 
To improve our channel mix and implement B2B strategy, we have decided on -- dedicated team 
with a different vertical. We look at the flow of business from developers and architects. We are 
making significant efforts to expand our domestic market presence and increase bio domestic 
revenues of our total revenue. We have expanded our dealer network to 3100  plus and working 
closely with our dealers and distributors to penetrate deeper into the domestic market. 
Now coming to the steel kitchen sinks. We have doubled our capacity to manufacture steel sinks 
to 180,000. The additional capacity will be operational from June '23 onwards. On full capacity, 
we expect to generate revenues in the range of INR80 crores to INR90 crores. On this note, I 
would also like to mention that we have made a recent agreement with IKEA for stainless steel 
sinks with the production to commence in the next 4 months' time. 
Now coming to the built-in appliances and faucets division. To update on our greenfield project 
of capex in the appliances division, built-in appliances, especially kitchen hoods and hobs, we 
wish to inform you that implementation of the project is delayed by 3 to 4 months due to a high 
lead time of delivery of some critical machineries. 
We expect to commercialize the first phase of 100,000 units by end of September; 23 and second 
phase of 100,000 units is expected by quarter 4 '24. In addition, the faucet assembly line of 
10,000 units shall also be operational from September '23. 
We wish to update that we have incorporated subsidiary in the United Arab Emirates in the name 
of Carysil FZ-LLC and cater to GCC markets. The subsidiary will focus on the sale of kitchen 
appliances and bath products. The subsidiary will be operational from quarter 2 FY '24. 
Acquisition of The Tap Factory Limited.  
We have acquired 70% of the equity share of “The Tap Factory Limited” based in Yorkshire, 
U.K. We have option to purchase the remaining 30% in the next 2 years. By acquiring this 
company, we will be able to compete in the kitchen and bathroom glassware market in U.K. 
more effectively. 
The acquisition also fulfils company's strategic objective of making market-leading brand 
decision segment and also see the company broaden its portfolio in the U.K. This acquisition 
will also enable us to have necessary technical know-how for manufacturing and assembling of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 4 of 17 
 
faucets in India. The name of the company is changed from The Tap Factory Limited to “Carysil 
Brassware Limited” to align with the group name and brand. 
Now coming to our subsidiaries, Carysil Products Limited and Carysil Surfaces Limited. 
Our U.K. operating subsidiaries, Carysil Products Limited, erstwhile Homestyle Products 
Limited and Carysil Surfaces Limited, erstwhile Sylmar Technology Limited, have shown good 
growth in Q4 FY '23 and expect it to grow further in FY '24. 
Successful implementation of SAP in the company.  
We are pleased to inform you that we have successfully implemented SAP ERP system in the 
company to integrate our various functions for better efficiency and controls. The SAP journey 
was not easy for the company, and it has taken a lots of management time and efforts. With the 
help of SAP team, Deloitte team  and our dedicated employees we have achieved successful 
implementation in record time. 
Since we  went live on SAP from 3rd April 2023, our production and sales were operating at a 
lower scale compared to the normal capabilities in April 2023. This has probably led to a 
shortfall in our revenue in April 2023. However, we are confident to recoup the revenue loss by 
the next quarter owing to decent order booking and consistent flow of orders. We are committed 
to build stronger ecosystem for sustainable growth of the company. 
To summarize, I wish to inform you we have successfully sailed through the rough patches in 
last quarters. And we are confident to achieve 15% to 20% growth in FY '24.  
Now I would like to hand over our call to our CFO, Mr. Anand Sharma, to update you on the 
company's financial performance. Thank you. 
Anand Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me take you through the consolidated financial 
performance of the company.  
Quarter 4 FY '23 performance.  
Consolidated total income stood at INR145.6 crores in Q4 FY '23 as compared to INR137.9 
crores in Q3 FY '23, growth of 6.3% quarter-on-quarter. 
EBITDA of the company stood at INR26.5 crores in Q4 FY '23 as compared to INR25.3 crores 
in Q3 FY '23, growth of 5%.  
Profit after tax and monetary interest for the quarter stood at INR12.42 crores in Q4 FY '23 as 
compared to INR12.05 crores in Q3 FY '23, growth of 3%. 
 
On an annual basis, FY '23 performance.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Consolidated total income stood at INR593.9 crores FY '23 as compared to INR492.4 crores FY 
'22, growth of 21%.  
EBITDA of the company stood at INR108.9 crores in FY '23 as compared to INR114.7 crores 
FY '22.  
Profit after tax and MI stood at INR52.4 crores as compared to INR64.8 crores in FY '22. 
Sales volume for quartz sinks stood at 5.14 lakh units. Standard steel sales stood at 1.08 lakh 
units, and the kitchen appliances stood at 28,895 units in FY '23.  
We have incurred a capex of INR60 crores in FY '23. Gross debt of the company stood at INR220 
crores. 
Thank you. Now I open the floor for questions and answers. Over to the Moderator. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Vaidik from Monarch Networth Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaidik: 
Sir, my first question would be that earlier, we saw European players facing high inflationary 
issues and energy prices. So I just wanted to check what's the scenario over there? And are we 
able to grab any market share from this since they were facing some issues? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So unfortunately, I think your audio is bad. But anyway, I think I understood your question is 
that talking about our competition with the European economy, inflation is higher, right, with 
the energy issue. 
Yes, so what I would like to state here is yes, I think that remains pretty relevant. I think we are 
facing difficult times. And I said in my last call that we will have opportunities to grab larger 
market share, and this is what exactly has started to happen. Yes. 
Vaidik: 
So sir, so are we gaining market share over there? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. 
Vaidik: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my next question will be on the Quartz Sinks side. For FY '23, how much did 
the domestic Quartz Sinks contribute to our revenue? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. FY23, we sold 513,280 sinks. So out of it, 20% is domestic sales. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Devika Jain from Ratnabali Investments. 
Devika Jain: 
Sir, congratulations on the performance. Sir, just wanted to ask a strategic question. Our core 
strength has always been sinks. We are the leader, and we have the right to win in this market. 
Our products are of superior quality and design, and we have demonstrated the company. 
However, now we are planning to move beyond being the sinks company. We have launched 
around kitchen appliances, bath fittings etcetera, and more so catering to Indian market. But the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Indian market will be a different animal. And we may be competing with the likes of Bosch, 
Samsung, Crompton in the built-in appliances space. If we look at the performance of 
Sternhagen despite multiple years of presence, it hasn't yielded us any growth as of now. 
So how we plan to address this problem differently? Because now we are moving beyond sinks. 
We are competing in Indian markets with established players. So what are the learnings that we 
have from the muted response of Sternhagen? And what kind of new efforts are being thrown 
behind the Indian market this time? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think let me first address your first question. The business model for one-stop solution is 
for India. This I would say 5 years back when we launched it. Out of the total revenue in the 
domestic market, 40% revenue is through the new product initiatives. If we have not taken this 
any schedules, I think we would have not able to cross INR100 crores. 
As you can see, the Quartz kitchen sink market is premium. There's a limited market share, 
though it's growing rapidly year-on-year. But when the consumers ask that we want to have a 
Carysil steel sink if somebody does not want a quartz sink, we need to have an option. 
If somebody asked, I wanted Carysil appliance since I'm buying a thing, and that's the demand 
coming from the market. It is not something what I have thought. So it's still coming from the 
market side that you need to have a one-stop solution because you already have the channel 
ready. You need to optimize your the channels and your sales team. So I think that's your answer 
to question one. 
Question number two, and again, I would like to say that Sternhagen is not our focus category. 
This is a luxury brand, which we just wanted to put in the market to test. It's under making  -- 
we are not even putting 5% of our time on it at this point of time, especially me. 
We have a very small team. We are doing very, very niche. So when the right time comes, we 
will push the button. Our latest collaboration in Sternhagen with Sussanne Khan will probably 
yield into two- to threefold of sales in the current year, which we've already seen coming. 
So I just want to clarify that Sternhagen is not our focus point. It is a test marketing for luxury 
brands, Sternhagen in India. And I'm sure that when the right time comes, we will be able to 
press the buttons that we're able to spearhead the growth in this category. 
Devika Jain: 
Sir just trying to understand because I myself had gone down to visit a couple of stores, etcetera. 
And in the kitchen appliances space, the competition is quite hot, and there are established 
players with larger marketing budgets. So how would we be able to differentiate within them? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So this question was asked during our launch by many investors and many shareholders. So why 
are you doing this, and there's a lot of competition, they're an established brand. How do you 
think  Carysil is a kitchen sink company. How are you going to be? 
But we have been successful in doing built-in appliances because when Carysil comes, it's -- 
yes, we are experts in the sinks, but what it also comes, it comes with the trust. It comes with 
technology and Carysil brands been German engineered. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 7 of 17 
 
We have the technology. We have a great quality. We have a great service team. So a lot of trust 
comes with that, and when you are buying a Carysil sink and you have your Carysil appliances, 
then it's a one-stop service. You can solve it just by one stop. My guys could come to service 
all. 
Sinks or faucets, we'll also come and service them, appliances. So life becomes very easy for a 
consumer. You imagine and that was my wife said that please, I want to avoid 4,5 brands in my 
kitchen because how many agencies I have to call to do it. So this makes life very easy for 
customer.. 
Second thing also that the appliances and the built-in appliances, what we have in our category 
are very different. Not -- every product is different because you'll deal with the competition. It'll 
be like more in trends, but we have lots of new products, which is is very different in terms of 
design and technology. So that kind of gives an edge to us. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mehta, Pranav from Equirus Securities. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sir, so I just wanted to understand on the demand scenario. So how are you seeing things picking 
up on big box retailers are starting to get their inventories back and by when do you foresee that 
the Quartz volumes will start picking up meaningfully? That was my first question. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So the demand has already started growing. So whatever you have seen in the quarter 4 is that 
the demand of quartz sales has been reviving. And like I said in my last call, the destocking is 
taking a lot of time. I thought we will be done in 2 quarters, but it has taken a third quarter. From 
the fourth quarter, we have already seen it going up. 
And there is still a destocking problem. I was also speaking to some of the people in our category. 
Some have even not finished with destocking from their end., I just came back from the U.S., 
U.K. and Europe trip just 2 days back.  
So I think the good thing is it's all gradually going down. The order booking is coming back to 
the normal what we had. So yes. So I think yes, and at the same time, like I mentioned in my 
speech, we have made a lot of efforts for new channels, market expansion, and product 
expansion. 
And also, like I said, that the EU+ strategy, where our competitors are facing challenges with 
very high fuel cost and energy cost. So that gives us an edge. So yes, so honestly, we are quite 
pleased what is happening now. 
We have a lot of new inquiries from many new customers across the globe. I think probably, I 
think for us, it seems like the bad times go up. And I think we are looking at a good, positive 
recovery of our business. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And sir, just a related question. Here, you have highlighted that you have renewed the 
contract with Karran USA. Any other customers that you are expecting to convert and start 
sourcing from you anytime soon? Is there a possibility of that happening? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Chirag Parekh: 
So we have  tapped, another 3 new customers in the U.S., but we have not made any formal 
agreements. So I'm not -- we're not able to disclose it. So the last 5 contracts are disclosed. So 
yes, we have tied up 3 new customers in the United States. 
We also started supply to few. We have already -- we have moved the orders. We have also 
penetrated with some German kitchen manufacturers. We are also in talks with large box 
retailers around the world. We are penetrated to about 50 new customers in U.K. market, where 
we are using this, the cross-selling opportunities between the offices and things. 
yes, so there are many things, honestly, what we've been doing worldwide. A lot of new 
customers are coming in. And yes, and I think the inquiries of how many of the new inquiries 
will fall into place, how muchthat I think we'll be able to update you on a quarter-to-quarter 
basis. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And sir, any guidance on the consolidated EBITDA margins for next 2 years? So this 
year, we have ended up around 18%. So you had highlighted that because of that U.K. 
acquisition, The Tap Factory and this other one, the new one. So mainly what kind of margins 
can we expect going forward? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think one thing I'm very pleased, and I said it in my speech that the costs are going down. 
We have made some price increases.. The foreign exchange rate's on our favor. 
Fortunately, we have not decreased the price, what we have increased during this time. So that 
is coming to play at this point of time. You have seen improvement in the margin. I think we 
have crossed 18% on a consol level. As soon as -- which we are looking at quarter-on-quarter 
top line increases. 
So there is a potential to improve our EBITDA margin. So if this goes at this rate, like overall, 
we said that 15% to 20% growth in top line mix comes. So if it happens, then we would probably 
again land back to our original margins or EBITDA around 20%. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Khush Gosrani from InCred Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sir, just A, wanted to ask what would be the contribution from solid surface sinks in terms of 
volumes this year? 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes, volume is not possible because... 
Chirag Parekh: 
That is flat. 
Anand Sharma: 
Flat, square feet and depends on the customization sold. So it's not a unit rate we can mention. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sure, sure. And sir, how should one think of -- what would the gross margins across products 
right now on steel appliances and these solid surfaces? 
Anand Sharma: 
. So we have the gross margin Quartz around 48% to 49%. Steel sinks have a margin around 
35%. On the appliances side, around 40% margin. So yes, these are 3 main categories. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sure, sir. And final question, sir. Historically, we have grown by 20% plus 20% plus growth 
numbers. So guidance of around 15% to 18%. Isn't it a bit on the conservative side? I can 
understand because there was inventory rationalization from clients. We had a peak demand in 
'21, '22 so that got rationalized but going ahead in a normal demand situation. 
Anand Sharma: 
So see, this rebounds what is happening quarter-on-quarter. When you were giving guidance 
15%, 20%, it is on an annual basis. So yes, the improvement is coming, but it will be a quarter-
to-quarter basis. And at the annual rate, we have given the guidance of 15%, 20% growth. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sure, sir. And with the brand investments we are doing in the domestic business, will we still be 
able to achieve 20% margins? 
Anand Sharma: 
We still need to be same because we have to invest in the branding, promotional and marketing 
activity also. And so we'll see, but our focus is to expand the business in the domestic market 
first. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Dhavan Shah from AlfAccurate Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So my question is on the export revenue. So can you please share the STL revenue for the Q4? 
I think the total export comes to around INR113-odd crores. So what was the STL number during 
this quarter? 
Anand Sharma: 
So we have INR96 crores in the export for the quarter 4. 
Dhavan Shah: 
What's the last quarter? 
Anand Sharma: 
Dhavan this number is INR64 crores for the last quarter and corresponding quarter is INR96 
crores. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. INR64 crores versus INR96 crores. There is a degrowth? 
Anand Sharma: 
INR64 crores versus INR96 crores. There is a degrowth, 44%. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay, okay. And in terms of the demand, I think sir already mentioned that the demand has been 
reviving. So is that mainly because of the restocking or is there a real demand on the ground in 
the export market? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So both things are happening. The destocking is also happening. And like I said, the 
fundamentals of our business are very strong. And I would like to stress here the demand of the 
Quartz sink is continuously on a rise. 
And second point I had stated earlier also that when this is exceptional times that people are 
cutting costs. I think it's a great opportunity for a company like us because people then move to 
different suppliers. So we have been able to, to a large extent also, compensate or kind of 
substitute with our sales by entering in contracts with a lot of new customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 10 of 17 
 
And one thing when there is a slowdown in America, they call a sink and a work of a recession 
proof because when the times are bad, you don't change the whole kitchen. What you change is 
just a sink and a worktop. So sink is they're forcing what they change, and they don't change the 
whole kitchen. So that's why the demand, the renovation market is on a rise at this point of time. 
And hence, we are getting this benefit out of it. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. And so basically, in the presentation, it is mentioned that the IKEA has doubled the order 
book plus Karran also given the incremental orders. So based on the current order book, what 
kind of the incremental volumes do you foresee for the quartz sinks? So we did roughly 500,000 
units for the FY '23. What kind of volume growth can we see for the quartz on that number? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So we, like I said, we're looking at approximately 20% growth on the annual side. The 500,000 
looks like we'll be able to do around 600,000. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. So it can still be lower than FY '22 volumes? The demand is still not that great in the 
export market. Is that understanding correct? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think none of the assumptions work at this point of time, especially the market sentiments 
good seeing the positive sign is it is increasing. Now it would be around 600,000 sinks. If we 
can hit some contracts with the buyers, what we are talking about. It can also be 650,000 sinks. 
So it depends on what stage we are able to realize our contracts with the new buyers. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
So when you talk about a 20% EBITDA margin, so in order to achieve that, I mean, what kind 
of cost reduction are you witnessing? 
Anand Sharma: 
Udit, it is mainly driven by the volume because costs initiative and reduction what we have 
already taken. So that is already under control. The volume was increased. It will be a leverage 
for the margins also. 
Chirag Parekh: 
As I stated in my statement, the input costs and freight costs have gone low. So I think that is 
coming into the play now. We are very confident that the margin, EBITDA margins arehopeful 
that it's going to come back to the normalized 20% what we were doing earlier. 
And then on the cost reduction side, we are making every effort in the company. We are putting 
up a solar plant for sustainable energy to reduce the energy cost. We are doing the Kaizen 
program on a continuous improvement in the company. So across the board, the company is 
doing every bit what they can trying to -- then also the variable side as also in the cost side of it. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Right, on your total debt that were on the books now and with the new acquisitions that we have 
made, do we foresee debt going up for '24 and '25? What kind of a debt that we can look into? 
Anand Sharma: 
So Udit, on the debt side, if you look at our debt, it's more for acquisition and remaining is the 
working capital. So we are very less on the capex sideIt's all funded from our internal accruals. 
So on the working capital side and the capex side, we don't have any major requirements for the 
current year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Chirag Parekh: 
We are not making large capex. 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes, we are not making any large capex. So I think we will be comfortable for this period. So 
nothing major planned unless we get some very good opportunity. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
So this kind of debt -- I mean, we'll have this debt maintained on the books and not a major 
upswing, is that right? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. Right now debt level is 2x of EBITDA approximately. 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes, 2x. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Varun Goel from Nippon India. Please go ahead. 
Varun Goel: 
I wanted to check our margins from 2013 to 2020. We were 17% or below. So is that the headed 
profitability in the business? Except for the 2 COVID years, you always had margins in that 
range. So how confident do we feel that we can be at 20% going forward? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think I've already stated earlier that the input and freight costs have gone tremendously low at 
this point. Second aspect is our foreign exchange rates, dollar close to 83, Euro close to 90, 
pound close to 103. So that's working in our favor. 
A very important part is that whatever the price increases what we have made during this COVID 
time because of the inflationary pressures and input costs we have been successful not reversing 
that. So that stands. 
It is a while the other costs have gone down. So I think that's giving us a benefit. That's kind of 
giving us an upside on improving the EBITDA margins. 
And third thing that the product mix has also changed. So the new models we have developed 
for the new IKEA for U.S. markets are more high-value-added products. So that's going to help 
us in improving our EBITDA margin. 
Anand Sharma: 
Yes. Just to add, if you look at the average price per sink, it was between INR4,000 and 
INR4,500 between 2012 and 2017. Yes, it's gone up to INR5,800 to INR6,000 on average. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Harsh Shah from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. A few questions from my side. Firstly, on the renewal of the agreement with Karran. So 
would it be safe to assume that annually approximately INR100-odd crores would be reflected 
in the top line? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. the contract is based on a year-on-year increase in the sales, right? So we have taken out 
the year-on-year increase by 15% year-on-year. So I think the first year, as we had mentioned 
that the average sales of Karran I think it was INR70 crores, INR80 crores. So we should have 
a 15% increase, about INR90 crores.. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. So it's basically a staggered manner? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Correct, yes. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. Is it -- so just a bit longer-term question. Is it possible that by FY '26, we can reach a top 
line of INR1,000 crores? And at that time, could the domestic market contribute close to around 
30%? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So we are absolutely sticking to our target of FY 26  INR1,000 crores. If we based on the current 
trend, I think it shows that we will hit a run rate of annual about INR700-plus crores from quarter 
2. And so the year after that, we could take a 15% growth this year, and next year, we will touch 
INR1,000 crores. And your second question was on the... 
Harsh Shah: 
So when we reach INR1,000-odd crores, would domestic market will be 30% 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think we all want to ensure that our domestic market share does not fall below 20% to 25%. 
So our endeavour is to maintain this 25% to 30%. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And just last one question. So basically, we have done many channel chats on the quartz 
sinks. So basically, what has happened is that the awareness is not there, right? And the real 
estate market, especially in India and Middle East, is growing rapidly. So, what percentage of 
my domestic revenue currently comes from quartz sinks? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So right now, about 20% odd comes from the domestic market. 
Harsh Shah: 
How much do you anticipate growing in the next couple of years? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So let me just come to a more of fundamental question here. You see one of them, the Indian 
market is not mature enough for the quartz sinks. Now that U.K., U.S., like the U.K. has passed 
50% of the share of granite sink. The quartz sink, or stainless steel sink. Germany has already 
passed 50%. France has passed. U.S. is still about 20%, 25%. 
So where there a lot of the big players are inside there, so the market is material quartz. In India, 
we are probably one of the largest players who is trying to do the marketing of the quartz. So 
you are right. I think if the Europe and America has matured now, we may take about another 5 
or 10 years to get mature. But I think this is where the trend is going quite fast. 
And on the marketing side, what initiatives company is taking is that we have formed a 
completely new marketing team. We have formed a new team. And this new team with single 
agenda is how to promote the quartz sinks in India. So what we have done, which has never been 
done until now, is that we are going to start banging everywhere across that why a quartz sink 
is preferred over stainless sink, right? 
So from the material to its properties, we did all the pros of the quartz over stainless steel sink 
that we will start doing. We are going to hire influencer, we're doing marketing, advertise a lot 
of things. Plus we are also participating in the ACETECH exhibition coming in Bombay end of 
the year where we are going to have a proper lab to show how a quartz sink is made, what are 
the properties of quartz. So I think a lot of utility has happened now for people to do it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So that third thing is a very important thing is that the awareness is not probably the right way, 
I would say. Sometimes the people don't want to. They know Carysil. They know the quartz 
sinks, but some they don't want to take risks in terms of a sink. 
We cannot do anything about it. I think the only thing we have experienced is that the -- once 
the builder has used our sinks, they've always come back to use our quartz sinks. So I think that 
mostly happened more on the Western Bombay, especially Bombay are still very close to 
industry. If you say, Western -- Gujarat, Bangalore, North, everybody started using quartz sinks. 
Secondly, as I mentioned in my speech, we have also started a new vertical called the B2B. The 
B2B vertical focus is only going to be on architects, builders and interior designers. So we are 
never at a formalized unit of this to focus on it so our sales people used to do it. But we never 
had a process now. 
They're job is the top 100 builders, they moved another top 100 about -- in the next 2, 3 years, 
500 top builders, they need to tap across. And whatever marketing materials they need to tap 
that, we're going to do. 
So I think a lot is going to happen now from our part since we would like to maintain the market 
share in India of the total revenue of 25% to 30%. And I think one category in which we have 
not substantially grown is on the builder side. So I think this is what we need to focus on. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Bala Murali from Oman Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Bala Murali: 
In last call, you told that there is a possibility of getting some new customers from the Europe 
region. So is it happening, and have you added any new customers this quarter from the Europe 
region? If it is so, then what could be the order volume from them? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So like I said, that Germany, we have entered into contract with a lot of new kitchen 
manufacturers. In U.K., we have added 50 new customers. So lots have happened in Europe, 
and our endeavor to promote our things in Italy, Spain so how much is going to come quarter 
wise is very, very hard to say. But like I said, there is -- annually, it will be 15%, 20% growth. 
So I think that's an average group. So we can say that that's what incremental business we aim 
to get. 
Bala Murali: 
I'm talking about the home appliance segment. So we are investing around INR20 crores in the 
current financial year. So what could be the asset turnover ratio we can expect from this one, 
home appliance? 
Anand Sharma: 
So you are talking about the capex, what we're going to incur for the kitchen appliances, right? 
Bala Murali: 
Capex of INR20 crores of I'm aware of that. What will the asset turnover ratio will be? 
Anand Sharma: 
That ratio is 4 to 5x. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Tushar from Kamayakya Wealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Tushar: 
I just want to understand that the volume of 6.5 lakhs in the quartz sinks worldwide. When can 
we achieve that? That would be my first question. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So like I said, again, that we are looking at a 20% growth on an annual basis. So that would be 
from 500,000 last year will be around 600,000, close to 650,000. And if we are able to realize 
some large contracts if we are in negotiation with one of few large box sales, so the same 
question I answered just I think a few minutes back. 
So it depends all upon how fast we have to realize the contracts. And based on that, we'll be able 
to cross 600,000 or 650,000. But on a longer term, I think we need to try to look at more on a 
longer-term business. 
The long-term business is that the fundamental business of quartz sink looks very strong. Right 
now, the market sentiments are bad. I think that's a INR1,000 crores revenue on the FY26 our 
new target is going to come. 
So I think it's  a matter of time when we will start hitting those numbers. It can be 1 or 2 quarters 
back and forth. But overall, the business fundamentals is very strong. So it would be very tough 
for any company management to say every quarter what's happening or are we going to touch 
that. 
Basically, in the next 2 years, the company is heading for a INR1,000 crores sales and are 
moving in that direction, are we able to track through some large buyers, clients. That is what's 
happening now. Now the only thing we'll have to do, we'll see quarter-on-quarter how much 
we're going to realize out of that. 
Tushar: 
So you're doing this acquisition like Tickford Orange Limited and this Tap company. Sir, I just 
want to understand what sort of impact of this acquisition we see in the margins going forward. 
So it will be margin accretive or like your thoughts on that? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Talking about The Tap Factory where we have worked that? 
Tushar: 
Tap factory also and the Tickford and other acquisitions you might do. I could see your 
increasing the bath fit. Like you are only catering to kitchen sinks. Now you have increased to 
bathroom sinks, and there also you're going to Taps. You're increasing the total market of U.S. 
So I just want to understand the margin profile, how will it look like the next 2 to 3 years. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So can I just quickly touch on the fundamentals is that everything is attached to a worktop. You 
cannot sell a sink without a worktop at home. Every kitchen sink needs a tap, which has to be fit 
in the kitchen, right? So that's the integrated model of us. So nothing is outside the box. So that's 
my first answer to this. 
And second, on the margin side, The Tap Factory margins are very accretive as the hot water 
tap business is amazing, the technology of having 4 flows of sparkling water, drinking water and 
boiling water 99.9-degree at a single shot from one tap. This is going to be the future of taps. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Hence, we are at an early stage able to tap this company to bring this technology to India and 
get it across the world. You guys would have heard that an American company got sold at value 
of $3.3 billion a year or 2 years back, who is making the same category of hot water tap. 
So as far as the Tickford, which is a Sylmar Technology surfaces, the EBITDA margin are on 
the improvement side. It's about 15% plus, and The Tap Factory would be about 18% to 20%. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Research. Please go 
ahead. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
So my question was on Tap Factory side. It is a very small company. So I was thinking like how 
is it going to add value? Or whether is there any technology kind of progress that we are 
acquiring via Tap Factory acquisition? Or what is it looking like? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So there are two main aspects. One is marketing. So the Tap Factory has a great market access, 
which we are completely absent in U.K. So we're able to get that market access. 
Secondly, we will get the technology access of this hot water tap, which I just said, a 4-flow hot 
water tap, which is right now the faster-growing capex category. And that's the future of the taps, 
so market access and technology access. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. And just a clarification on whether this INR1,000 crores mark, is it for FY '25, right? 
Anand Sharma: 
'26. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Yes, that's what I hoped. And last one question, just on the subsidiary in France. Sir, can you 
give some color behind the rationale for this like the size of opportunity we are looking for there? 
And what is our existing revenue? And how is it going to be in the coming future in France 
subsidiary? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Where? Sorry, in which category? 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
The new subsidiaries that we have opened in France. 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, no. So I think we were looking at some opportunity over there right now. And that's why 
we -- it takes a lot of time to do it. So we have just tried to floate it right up. But nothing is 
happening on that side at this point. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Rajat Parab from Prosperity Wealth Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajat Parab: 
Yes, sir. Sir, I have only a couple of questions. Some of them are answered already. So I just 
wanted to know what new innovative products the company is working on. 
Chirag Parekh: 
I am very happy to -- pleased to tell you that the company is launching one of the most innovative 
kind of kitchen sink range, which is going to be launched in the end of September where it will 
be launched first time in India, will be first time in the world. The innovation on the kitchen sink 
side is more on the functionality side. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Second is that we are planning to launch a range of new faucets. We have got a tremendous 
demand on the faucet at this point of time, be able to almost kind of 50% growth approximately 
on the kitchen faucet side. We're bringing a range of new faucets with new colors and exciting 
functions in the tap. 
Third, we have tied up with one of the very technologically advanced companies in the world 
for the new line of kitchen hoods. And this is -- I will not be able to give details at this point of 
time because we applied for worldwide patent on this. But this would change the whole 
dynamics of the company, and it has got the potential for global launch. 
the stainless steel sink side, the -- so other within appliances on the lifestyle, a lot of things 
happening, but these are the 3 major things what at this point of time we are doing. We are also 
trying to look for the Sylmar Technology in U.K. if we are able to get this technology to India 
to give the Indian consumers a taste of a seamless technology integration of a sink to a worktop. 
This is something we are working. We are doing a market research through our current channels, 
and we'll see what is the response what we are getting. 
Rajat Parab: 
Sir, one more question. As we are trying to penetrate the domestic market, most of our kitchen 
appliances are in premium categories. So will there be any assets going forward as the 
inflationary cost as Indian markets are more price sensitive. So do you think there will be the 
effect on sales of kitchen appliances on the domestic side? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think the company keeps on importing the kitchen appliances, which will always be challenging 
in terms of pricing. So that's why we are setting up for manufacturing units. Once the 
manufacturing is up and on, I think we'll see the advantage of the cost by more than 15%, 20%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Nikhil Shetty from Nuvama Wealth Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
So just wanted to check thewe have witnessed around 21% decline in the quartz volume in '23. 
So is it purely because of destocking? Or it is also because of we might have lost some big 
customer? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes so actually 2 types of a point, whether there's the decline or you have gone back to the 
normal range. So the COVID pent-up demand was high, and second thing is we had a backlog 
of 4 months' time. So what we probably would have profiled wrong is that we thought that the 
demand of the backlog is going to continue. But the backlog, once it got over, so that backlog 
never came back to us. 
So for example, we're doing about average 40,000 normal sinks. We used to get about 20,000 of 
backlog sinks a month. That gives to about 720,000 sinks. And just so we increase the capacity 
to 840,000 sinks and plus new taps we are doing. And so we thought that 1 million sinks be the 
right thing. 
Now we -- this happened, the COVID level. But normal order booking was coming at about 
40,000 to 50,000 sinks, which we have already hit that rate at this point of time. So the COVID 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 26, 2023 
Page 17 of 17 
 
times that volume, what you are saying, and that's why I would say, abnormal month or not a 
benchmarking year for us because that center demand was very high during this time. 
So honestly, I think we have returned to the original level of our business. The further going up, 
that's the pent-up demand. It's been soaring high in loop. I think that demand to cover up that -- 
like I said, at about 600,000 sinks close to -- want to go back to 800,000 sinks plus, we are 
working in the company. We give all the efforts to strike deals with new customers, and expand 
our markets. And that's what we are doing at this point in time. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
Okay. That's helpful, and secondly, it's about the appliance part. So since it got delayed by a 
quarter, so how much revenue can we generate from this greenfield expansion in '24? 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think we have said -- I think it should be around anything INR10 crores to INR20 crores or 
something, yes. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
Okay. INR10 crores to INR20 crores in '24. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Very rough, tentative estimate. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
However, if you need further clarification or want to know more about the company, please 
contact our team, our SGA, our Investor Relations advisers. Thank you once again for taking the 
time to join us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Carysil Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
