 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
Registered Office:  
Piramal Agastya Corporate Park, Building ‘A’, 
4th and 5th Floor, Unit No. 401, 403, 501, 502,  
L.B.S. Road, Kurla, Mumbai - 400 070 
 
CIN: L18101MH2007PLC233901 
Tel.: +91 86529 05000 
Fax: +91 86529 05400 
 
Website: www.abfrl.com 
E-mail: secretarial@abfrl.adityabirla.com 
 
August 7, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Scrip code: 535755 & 961915   
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Symbol: ABFRL  
 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q1 FY 24 Earnings Call of the Company 
 
Ref.:  1. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;  
 2. ISIN: INE647O01011 & INE647O13016 and 
 3. Our intimation dated July 28, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Q1 FY 24 Earnings Call held on August 4, 2023 is 
annexed herewith. 
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the 
website of the Company i.e. www.abfrl.com.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Sincerely, 
For Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
Anil Malik 
President & Company Secretary  
 
Encl: a/a 
E 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANIL KUMAR 
MALIK
Digitally signed by ANIL KUMAR 
MALIK 
Date: 2023.08.07 18:09:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
  
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH DIKSHIT – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MR. JAGDISH BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ADITYA BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED  
 
MR. VISHAK KUMAR – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – LIFESTYLE BUSINESS – ADITYA 
BIRLA FASHION AND RETAIL LIMITED  
 
MS. SANGEETA PENDURKAR – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PANTALOONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the First Quarter Earnings Conference 
Call of Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited. The call will begin with a brief discussion by 
the company's management on the Q1 FY24 performance followed by a question-and-answer 
session. 
We have with us today Mr. Ashish Dikshit, Managing Director; Mr. Jagdish Bajaj, CFO; Mr. 
Vishak Kumar, Director and CEO, Lifestyle Business; Ms. Sangeeta Pendurkar, Director and 
CEO, Pantaloons. 
I want to thank the management team on behalf of all the participants for taking valuable time 
to be with us. I must remind you that the discussion on today's earnings call may include certain 
forward-looking statements and must be viewed careful in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarterly performance and to strategic 
questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. 
With this, I hand the conference over to Mr. Jagdish Bajaj. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Thanks. Good evening, and welcome to the Q1 earnings call of our company. Let me start with 
the highlights of the quarter by setting the context for industry during this period. The 
consumption slowdown that the discretionary category started to witness post festive last year 
continued during this quarter as well. In such a challenging environment, the business posted 
growth over last year driven by performance across our established businesses added by new 
business additions that we made during the last year. 
It is important to note that amidst this continued challenges in the demand environment, our 
performance has been driven by rapid and agile responses to the changing market conditions, 
along with effective execution of our growth strategy through brand building, network 
expansion, category extensions and portfolio enhancement. 
Now I will talk about financial performance of our company for this quarter. The company 
delivered revenue of INR 3,196 crores, which reflects a growth of 11% over same quarter last 
year. Our stand-alone revenue grew 8% over last year, reaching to INR 2,987 crores. The 
company achieved a consolidated EBITDA of INR 353 crores with 11% margin, our stand-alone 
EBITDA margin stood at 14.2%. 
EBITDA for this quarter was impacted due to subdued sales, along with high fixed cost and 
accelerated marketing investments. Consolidated margin was further lower by aggressive 
growth investment in subsidiaries, mainly TMRW, which was not in the base last year. 
The company's consolidated PAT was negative INR162 crores. This also includes a negative 
impact of IndAS 116 on the net profit. Our store network is now over 4,000 stores, spanning 
across the total retail space of 10.9 million square feet. We have also continued to ramp up our 
digital capabilities and enhance our omnichannel play, as visible in our e-com performance 
where our sales grew 12% Y-o-Y. Our digital portfolio got augmented with the addition of 
TMRW brand that continued to build value through strategic and operational improvements. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
I will now take you through the performance of our individual businesses, starting with Lifestyle 
brands. Quarterly revenue for the segment was INR1,594 crores, which is 5% higher than last 
year. EBITDA stood at INR 292 crores, reflecting a growth of 10% Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin 
stood at 18.3%, an expansion of 80 basis points over last year. 
For the quarter, retail channel remained resilient with 2% growth over last year while wholesale 
segment saw a robust growth of 20% Y-o-Y, led by growth in trade and departmental store 
business. We also have reached a significant scale in our women's wear business, in Van Heusen 
and Allen Solly brands, where the size of the business is upward of INR 400 crores on a full year 
basis. 
The 4 lifestyle brands continue to enhance their leadership position in the market through 
focused and sustained product innovations, new category extensions, which include ambitious 
bets on non-apparel categories and investments in marketing and brand building. 
Let me talk now about youth Western fashion brands which consists of American Eagle and 
Forever 21. American Eagle witnessed yet another quarter of strong performance with 49% 
revenue growth over last year, led by strong distribution expansion and attractive product 
proposition for our customers. 
The brand added 3 new stores to the network and is now available at 40 exclusive brand outlets 
and more than 65 departmental store doors. Forever 21 continues to work on improving its 
operating KPIs and scaling its network through asset-light expansion. 
Now about Reebok. Fully integrated with ABFRL now, Reebok is off to an encouraging start 
this year with quarterly revenue showing a growth of 43% over last year. This has been achieved 
at the back of 11% L2L added by an aggressive footprint expansion of 10 new stores this quarter, 
along with strengthening its departmental store collaboration and marketplace partnership. We 
are confident that Reebok will be another large and profitable addition to the repertoire of 4 
brands within the Lifestyle Brands portfolio. 
Moving on to the Pantaloons business. I would like to recap how post-festive last year as the 
discretionary consumption slowdown, we observed the first sign of slowdown in the value part 
of the market, mainly in the lower tier towns. The impact still continues this quarter as well, 
impacting the performance of Pantaloons. 
Pantaloons recorded quarterly sales of INR 1,030 crores with an EBITDA margin of 13.4%. This 
quarter's margin was affected by lower sales in the difficult market conditions which created an 
adverse operating leverage on a large network of stores, we expect the margins to improve as 
the market recovers. 
The network expansion journey for Pantaloons continued with 3 new stores added during this 
quarter, ending with a total of 434 stores. Pantaloons continued to expand its private label 
portfolio with new launches filling distinct spaces. Further, our value brand Style Up continue 
to expand its network with 5 new stores opened during this quarter. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Let me now speak about Innerwear business performance. The business in Q1 FY '24 posted a 
retail L2L of 3%, despite slowdown in outerwear segment. During the quarter, brand 
strengthened its reach to exit with 32,700 trade outlets. The collective and other super premium 
brands witnessed a sharp growth of 16%, with 16% L2L growth over last year's same quarter. 
Ethnic businesses this quarter achieved a revenue of INR134 crores and has grown 33% year-
on-year. Businesses continue to invest in brand-building initiatives and new store openings with 
net additions of 12 stores during the quarter, which led to margin getting impacted for this 
quarter. 
So this actually grew 18% Y-o-Y led by strong performance in jewelry and accessories segment. 
The new Mumbai store launched in April is witnessing good consumer traction. Staying 
committed to its ambitious expansion strategy, our men's premium ethnic wear brand Tasva, is 
now available in 58 stores across more than 30 cities. 
Jaypore continues to expand its store network with additions of 2 stores during the quarter and 
now with presence in 20 stores. Shantnu and Nikhil posted growth of 20% over last year's same 
quarter, with bridge revenue growing to 1.6x over last year. The portfolio is now well balanced 
between Couture & Bridge. House of Masaba added 3 stores to the network and posted 32% 
revenue growth over last year. 
By capitalizing on the strength of our robust performance brands and their diverse category 
extensions, our ethnic wear portfolio is poised for accelerated expansion. 
Let me update you on the TCNS transaction. As you already know, ABFRL board has approved 
the acquisition of 51% stake in TCNS Clothing Company Limited through a combination of 
share purchase agreement with founder promoter and a conditional public offer on offer. 
The purposed acquisition is on track and under progress. The company has received requisite 
approval from the regulatory authorities and is in the process of commencing the open offer. 
To conclude, despite challenging in near-term -- challenges in near-term, we expect the market 
to rebound in second half of the year following the festive period. As the industry recovers, we 
remain committed towards expansion of our retail network strengthening our brand, leveraging 
our strong consumer base and delivering our value proposition. Thank you, and we are open to 
questions now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sir, the first question was on Madura. Despite the negative LTL, the margins have improved. So 
is that maybe a moderation in the sales and marketing or anything to do with the channel mix, 
just to clarify? 
Vishak Kumar: 
Largely driven by cost reduction initiatives. We knew that it's going to be a less number of 
wedding dates quarter, etcetera. So there was a lot of preparation on cost reduction. So that is 
primarily why the margins have been strong. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Nihal Jham: 
And that is mainly the sales and marketing or overall a mix of everything. 
Vishak Kumar: 
No. Actually, on advertising, we spent pretty much in line with our normal quarter trends. So it 
was in other expenses that we were able to tighten. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. My second question was on the TCNS acquisition, not related to the quarter, was 
that from a, obviously, a decent amount of time has passed and I think TCNS also recorded -- 
reported a bit of a muted performance in Q4, while the quarter is not a reflection, but just wanted 
to understand incrementally any further comments on how we plan to turn this brand around in 
terms of the growth? It would be helpful if you could just comment on that. 
 Ashish Dikshit: 
Nihal, this is probably a bit premature for us to talk about it. Let the process complete. We, of 
course, have our thoughts around it, and that's why we have moved forward with this acquisition, 
but too early for us to comment on it. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, Ashish. Final question was if you could give the debt number and also the expected losses 
both on Tomorrow and the Reebok business for this year? And I'll come back in the queue after 
that. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Reebok, we don't expect any losses. Reebok is a profitable business on a full year basis on... 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
Debt on 30 June net of cash is INR2,100 crores. 
Nihal Jham: 
So, this net debt was INR 2,100 crores. Sure. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. As on 30 June. 
Nihal Jham: 
Okay. And the losses from the Tomorrow business for this full year? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
For full year basis, this probably will be in the range of INR80 crores to INR100 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, my first question is on Pantaloons. Given 17% retail expansion is very healthy, but still 1% 
revenue growth and -8% SSG, I understand that, I mean, the discretionary slowdown impacting 
the business, early EOSS etcetera. But still, given we have cut down on our store addition 
guidance also in previous quarters, and I mean, sir, you wish to share anything with regards to -
- do you think there is a need to change our overall approach towards the business with regards 
to private label, et cetera, which is now currently 63%, 65-odd percentage in the store. Anything 
you wish to share over there, sir, given several quarters of underperformance in Pantaloons 
compared to peers? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I'll just get Sangeeta to respond to that. Yes. 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
Yes. So if you see our performance and if I just take you back a few years in terms of how we've 
looked at the Pantaloon strategy. while this quarter and the last 2 quarters have been a bit of an 
aberration with the economic slowdown. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
You heard Jagdish talk about it. And I think the industry is faced with the same issues. Overall, 
when we looked at our private label strategy and the overall strategy a few years back, we had 
seen a significant improvement in terms of our performance, our private label strategy in terms 
of strengthening our private label, improving the price value equation, launching new categories 
putting in new labels to occupy the white spaces that exist in our portfolio. 
In '19-'20, if you recall, we had done a lot of those actions, and they yielded some really good 
results. In fact, if you see our margin in FY '20, keeping the COVID years aside, even in FY '23, 
the first 9 months, our margins were very good margins. I think it's post Diwali in November, 
December that we've started seeing a slowdown. 
I think we feel very confident of our strategy and our proposition. Private label portfolio 
continues to improve significantly. I think we hear that feedback from consumers all the time. 
Equally, in terms of improving our store experience, the fact that we put in a new retail identity, 
new branding we see those stores performing relatively better compared to the rest of the stores 
in the network. 
So I think in terms of our strategy, be it private label or overall Pantaloons strategy, we stay 
pretty confident in sanguine. I think these last 2 quarters are more mired with the fact that there 
were 2 aspects that are really the cause for this. So one is the general macroeconomic slowdown. 
And two, you also saw some yarn price increases, which impacted again the entire industry 
during '21 and '22. 
With the yarn prices settling down, we've had a chance to correct the prices of our private label, 
and that gives us even more confidence that our price value equation, if anything, will be better 
in the quarters to come. So we should look at these 2 quarters differently. If you look at our 
performance in the first 9 months of last year, our margins have been very strong. These 2 
quarters, because of the reasons I explained, our growth and therefore, our margins have got 
impact. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood. I mean more than the worry on margin revenue -- higher revenue growth should be 
adding towards kind of more excitement. But having said that, I understand price value equation 
that you talked about, and I'm more than hopeful that, that should work. 
And my second question is, again, in Pantaloons, like the total number of stores that we have 
around 434, what percentage of stores will be more than 3 to 4 years old? 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
What percentage -- yes? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So if I look at it, we'll give you the exact number, but if you look at it last year, we added net of 
about 55 stores. And in the prior 2 years, because there was COVID period, we would have 
added respectively maybe 30 stores a year kind of number. 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
Right. 
Management: 
So in last our network was -- okay, so in last 3 years, we have added 120 stores. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
Yes. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, just a last question that in ethnic wear business even though revenue 
growth looks very much healthy, but losses -- EBITDA losses have mounted significantly. So if 
you wish to talk about how should we expect this number to pan out on a steady-state basis? If 
you then give us some understanding on that front. That's it from my side. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Okay. So in ethnic wear businesses, this quarter was particularly compounded by the fact that 
the wedding dates were fewer. And as you know, a large part of ethnic wear business, not the 
regular ethnic wear, but most of the design ethnic wear, including Tasva which is a recently 
launched concept, is largely related to wedding dates and a wedding consumption. 
So that period has seen very few wedding dates last quarter, and that has affected the 
performance of ethnic wear. This quarter, it was also compounded by a big launch that we did 
where Sabyasachi's largest store in India and Mumbai was launched, and there was, therefore, 
one-time large marketing investment to promote the launch of the brand in the store. 
So these 2 are of slightly exceptional nature. I think going forward, Tasva is the only one which 
business, which will require loss funding for first few years. Rest of our businesses are profitable 
in ethnic wear portfolio on a full year basis as they play out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So my first question also is again with regards to the Pantaloons business. So while we agree 
that the last few quarters have been challenging in terms of the overall demand. But at the same 
time, we have... 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Can you speak up a little -- your voice is breaking. Can you speak up... 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Hello? Sorry, is this better? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, much better now. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
So my question is with regards to Pantaloons again. I mean I do understand the fact that 
Pantaloons has been impacted because of the slowdown that we are seeing over the past 3 
quarters. The only question here is with regards to the margin like what we have done for 
Madura, we have been able to save costs there. So are there any initiatives or strategies that we 
are implementing to at least control the cost in the interim until the demand kind of pick up? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So if you see the performance over the quarters, I mean Q4 was similarly affected by similar 
phenomena -- and our margin had fallen quite dramatically. We have taken sufficient measures 
and therefore, the improvement in margin from Q1 over Q4 reflects large part is the cost saving 
that the cost-related efforts have done. But I would also call out and say Pantaloons is a larger 
fixed cost business, rental being a pure retailer, rental being a very large cost in running store 
operations. And therefore, there is a limitation to what extent can those costs be brought down. 
But efforts are on. And as you can see in the shift of expenses of profitability between these 2 
quarters itself. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. Sure, sir. Sir, also in the event when we are seeing this overall slowdown in the overall 
fabric consumption and we are kind of continuously adding stores as well at the same time. So 
is there any thought given the fact that our debt is already around 2.1 million right now, net debt 
that is. So maybe we can go down slower on store expansion rate in the interim and maybe once 
the situation gets better and the business starts contributing profitably again, maybe then we can 
expand the store again? So any thoughts on that front? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We have 2 kinds of expansion models. One is our own capital and second is franchisee-led. As 
you know, many of our established brands are able to get a lot of franchisees to invest in that, 
and that's been the primary driver of growth. So that part of the business is not really constrained 
by that. 
In fact, that has been practically free from capital-related issues as far as growth is concerned. 
There is a part of the business, the new brands that we are launching Pantaloons, about 70%, 
75% to 80% of stores, which are largely capital-led. And there, we'll moderate as we go along. 
We had indicated our Pantaloons expansion, which was 60 stores last year. 
We've talked about 35, 40 stores. To that extent, some of it is factored in. But remember, store 
expansions are long-term projects, typically a store lease itself is 9 to 10 years in many cases, 12 
to 15 years. So we don't want to also alter that dramatically for 1 quarter here and there. 
So our largest strategy is built around the thesis of consumption in this country, our ability to 
build strong brand, our understanding of apparel supply chain and ecosystem and ability to build 
large capital efficient models in the business itself. We're, of course, going through a phase of 
rapid investment through portfolio expansion and acquisition of new brands, which we've done 
in the last 3, 4 years. So we acknowledge the stretch on the balance sheet. But I think as far as 
operating businesses are concerned, we see the large runway. We'll continue to grow them 
through this period. Wherever there's a slight moderation required like this year, we are doing 
that already. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, sir. And just one last bit on the ethnic piece from my end. Sir, how would you rate your 
performance so far in the Tasva piece? Do you feel the business model is now perfected and we 
can now expand it very rapidly, we have been doing 7, 8 stores earlier. Still, the template isn’t 
still fine-tuned and maybe we can go a bit slower on the expansion, first get the template right 
and maybe we then grow aggressively thereon? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So as we have said in last -- from the time we have launched -- last year, we added close to 50-
odd stores. We expect to add another 40 stores this year, roughly. And I think -- as far as the 
performance of the business is concerned, we'll have to see one good festive period. There's a 
lot of learning as we are expanding and experiencing there is a great amount of consumer 
feedback. 
We are learning from that. We're constantly improving that. But I think by the end of this year, 
where we would have seen a 1 full wedding period, which is likely to start in second half of this 
year and have had a reasonably large sort of geography through which we have experienced it. 
We will decide how to moderate that pace or increase that pace. But at this point of time, our 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
plan to open 40 stores is what we have said in the beginning of the year and we are sticking to 
that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
I also have a question on Pantaloons, but this is slightly a elongation more or less like a strategic 
question. Now since acquisition, we have definitely scaled up this brand, improved return 
metrics. But so far, we've not really seen a good year of LFL growth performance. If I look at 
sales per square feet metric right now, it is standing below 8,000 and for a value fashion brand 
with lower gross margin, 
I mean, this probably is among the lowest when you compare it with other value fashion retailers. 
So any thoughts here? I mean, in the current context, there has been only increased competition 
that the likes of Reliance and Zudio, even Shopper Stop is now entering, so what is your take? 
How do you look at improving the sales throughput metric here if that is a KPI that you look at 
all? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We look at many KPIs, and I think you've mentioned some of them. But I think we'll be missing 
the bigger picture if you don't look at the ones that matter. The ones that matter are return on 
capital and EBITDA margin. When we took over this business, as I said, our long period of time, 
not short period, long period of time, we consistently improved margins, got to 17%, 18% 
EBITDA margin before COVID. In 2019, 9-month margin was 17.5%. Even last year, 9-month 
margin was 17.5%. 
As Sangeeta explained, last 2 quarters have been sort of slightly affected. And we have achieved 
all this on a very low capital-employed base. Our overall capital employed in a INR 4,000-plus 
crores business is between INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores. So it remains a very strong 
business in terms of returning capital in good times, of course, unfortunately, both during the 
COVID period and subsequently, in the last 2 quarters, the market hasn't been very supportive 
at this end of the market, and that's reflected in our last 2 quarter performance. 
But I would call out our H1 performance last year was about 18% EBITDA margin. We run this 
INR4,500 crores business at INR 500 crores of total capital employed. So I think it's a fairly 
good attractive proposition. As we come out, you will see. Currently, we are experiencing 
negative operating leverage in times like this. The same situation reverses when markets pick 
up, and we expect the second half of the year to reflect that. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Just a follow-up, sir, here. So when I look at improvement in return profile over the years, has 
the low LFL growth been an output of that strategy where we have let go of formats or let go of 
some loss-making dead stock -- higher dead stock kind of problems -- and it's a reflection of 
that? Or LFL growth -- I mean, among the 3 pieces, LFL growth is 1 piece that we haven't 
delivered and rest 2 we have delivered, so it's okay? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think I would again say focus on what truly matters. In a country like India, where there is 
a constantly shifting retail landscape. We're building new store, markets are shifting from one 
place to another. Sometimes old stores are very profitable and yet, you need to ship trajectory. 
In a business format like Pantaloons, where there is a large number of sort of 15, 20 years of 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
store addition that has happened, there is always a pressure when some markets which are 
evolving into new markets. 
Therefore, LFL sometimes truly doesn't capture the overall picture. Also the sales productivity 
number that you called out is primarily as a function of geography that you operate in. So we 
don't look at sales productivity as a common average across industry. We look at sales 
productivity in the relative market that we operate and what are the competitive sales 
productivity in those markets. 
And all this, therefore, becomes very nuanced sort of numbers. And therefore, the primary thing, 
which is EBITDA margin, capital employed, return on capital employed are primary drivers as 
far as we are concerned. Intermediate metrics sometimes may tend to sort of give pictures, which 
is not clear. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Very helpful. I'll move on to the next question. So I'm looking at these other businesses 
in Madura. And basically, this is collective American Eagle, Forever 21 and the innerwear 
athleisure business. Apart from Reebok, there is not recently acquired portfolio here and 
Collective this quarter has also done well. So I was just wondering why this portfolio should be 
a loss-making portfolio even at post Ind AS EBITDA level? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So innerwear and F21 are 2 businesses, which -- for different reasons, but just to mathematically 
complete that story, are the 2 businesses which are not profitable for the quarter, and that's really 
why that number is showing there. 
Sameer Gupta: 
But sir, we have been running these businesses like for 6, 7 years now. I mean isn't these -- 
haven't the reached a scale where we're still investing, but they should at least give us some 
return on money or no, we have not reached the stage at that -- at this point? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, I think we are still further away from as far as innerwear is concerned in terms of 
profitability. But I would also say this is 1 quarter. But even on a full year basis, we haven't 
come to that stage. Forever 21, again, it's a business where we haven't really got to a point of -- 
we are not investing in terms of growing that business. And a large part of that business is also 
affected by the value end of the market. But these 2 are the businesses which are actually pulling 
down the margins in that segment. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And the rest of the portfolio is not enough to lift the overall margins of the second because 
collective -- I mean... 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Reebok has just started. So Reebok is just sort of breakeven stage at this point of time. We expect 
it to become profitable going forward on a full year basis most definitely. So collective is the 
one which is -- which has to carry the weight of this, which is not sufficient for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sir, the first question is, when you talk about the consumption slowdown and given that your 
presence across price points and across brands, is there a difference in demand momentum at, 
say, a higher price point versus, say, a lower price point? But I mean, it's partly reflective in 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Pantaloons' like-for-like number. But even within Pantaloons or within your Madura brands, do 
you see a difference in demand momentum where the premium end continues to do well and 
maybe the lower price points are struggling a bit more? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Ashish, yes, the difference exists, but if I were to go back 2 quarters back, we were quite clear 
that the premium end in the market, and if we look at a longer trajectory over the last 12, 18 
months, the premium market was almost resilient to the point of not being affected at all by the 
economic situation around. 
I would say that, to some extent, has somewhat changed. There is a challenge as far as value 
segment is concerned, it continues and has actually deepened in last couple of quarters. The 
premium end also is not fully insulated from it. But a large part of that reason is also linked to 
the wedding dates during this period and a lot of premium clothing at least for us, both in ethnic 
wear business and in lifestyle brands is linked to wedding dates, and that's why to that extent, 
you find muted growth even in Lifestyle segment, which otherwise would have been much 
higher. 
And to that extent, I think there is a difference across this. The really high end of the business, 
obviously, is less affected. The businesses like Collective. But then I would say even the designer 
businesses, which are more wedding-related, have seen the pressure as far as this quarter is 
concerned. So wedding primarily affecting the premium end of the market, while overall 
economic slowdown has affected the wider market, which is the mid-market and below. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure. And secondly, on the lifestyle brand, anything which has changed in the wholesale part of 
the business because that seems to have certainly picked up. So any change in that part of the 
business? 
Vishak Kumar: 
I think the business has continued to grow. So 3 factors, Ashish, which come in. One is that last 
year base, the recovery was a little less so in our business with department stores. This is on that 
base, so that growth is strong. To some extent Centro, is coming back into the business. That is, 
again, helping us in our overall numbers, plus some of the space additions that we have done in 
various department stores have also contributed to that growth. So that's broadly the story there. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure. And just last bit in terms of -- you have talked about TMRW's plan where you will look at 
some external funding. So I mean there are news flow that TMRW may be looking to acquire 
another D2C brand. So just purely on the fund raise part, right, I mean, are you looking at any 
external fund raise happening maybe this year in the TMRW entity? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think difficult to predict with great sense of timing. We have committed a certain amount 
in investment to Tomorrow. About half of that is what Tomorrow has consumed so far in the 
brands that they have acquired. They continue to pursue opportunity in that sense. And we will 
look at maybe towards the end of the year or somewhere around that for a fund raise, but it's 
difficult to predict with any degree of certainty about the timing for that. But it's definitely 
something on our agenda as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes. So for Innerwear our checks are suggesting that, Van Heusen has taken some price cuts as 
well as the retailer incentives are also relatively higher versus prior periods. So wanted to 
understand what's the strategy going on here since we are also making losses? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So I think price cuts and price increases are part of adjustments that will always be going on. I 
think last year, around this time, there's a price increase across all categories. Most major players 
had to take price increases that has affected demand at the premium end of the market and 
therefore, there is suitable price adjustment that's happening. As far as... 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I said incentives are also higher, retailer level incentives have also been higher. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
That keeps changing month-on-month. I don't see that's dramatically different. But as a large 
player in the premium market, we are the only other player other than the market leader, which 
is more than INR500 crores of sales at the premium end of the market. And remember, we are 
even more premium on an average than any other player in the segment. 
There is obviously going to be competitive pressures and to which we'll respond at various points 
of time. So that's more a monthly, quarterly adjustments that will keep going on. I don't think 
there's anything structural about it. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And on the inventory position here, sir, everything is in under control. I just wanted to check if 
that is driving such level of incentive? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So there has been, as you might know, if you have spent time that Innerwear business consists 
of both innerwear as well as the athleisure part of the business. Athleisure part of the business 
after years of -- almost 2, 2.5 years of rapid growth, a lot of consumption of work-from-home 
environment is beginning to show slowdown in last 2 or 3 quarters, and that's where there is a 
little bit of excess inventory. 
Innerwear is a more evergreen product, and therefore, that's not a matter of concern. So whatever 
that would happen is perhaps related more to work-from-home categories, which is largely 
Athleisure. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. And secondly, you mentioned about price corrections in Pantaloons as well. So just 
wanted to check, will SSG be flat in this format on you are expecting growth in volumes to help 
drive positive SSG? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
I don't think these price corrections are so large that they will bring down the average price. 
These are opportunities to complete the range in some of the gaps that we felt there. There is no 
wholesale price reduction, if that's what you were referring to. There may have been marginal 
cases of price gaps, which is what Sangeeta was -- I don't think it would have a material impact 
on SSG. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Alok Shah from AMBIT Capital. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Alok Shah: 
My first question is on the Reebok. So if I heard you right, you said that it's at the breakeven 
scale currently and should be profitable by year-end. So just wanted to check, what are the 
growth plans over here? And what would the target in terms of store openings, et cetera? 
Vishak Kumar: 
So yes, you're right. First things first, it's a profitable business for us -- for this year. There are 
multiple growth levers. At first level, there is a distribution expansion itself, both in multi-brand 
as well as exclusive stores. So we have a fairly large pipeline for retail expansion. So that should 
fuel one kind of growth. 
Second, there's a whole lot of initiatives to drive throughput in existing stores, use of better 
technology to improve replenishment, assortment planning, et cetera, to drive growth. The third 
is many new products -- introduction of new product categories, et cetera, which will get into 
the stores in the next few months, that again should propel a lot of growth. 
And of course, a lot of leveraging of our strengths in apparel to be able to drive further on the 
apparel sales in the sportswear side of business. So Alok, all in all, many levers for growth, 
which will unfold over the next few years, but a lot of momentum this year itself to be able to 
drive profitable growth. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. But what will be the current store count? And what will the target by the year-end? 
Vishak Kumar: 
We have about 120 stores, 125, 120-odd stores. So -- and that's going strong. So my sense is 
we'll be able to add 15 to 20 stores every quarter. So that's the kind of momentum we should 
have in the network. So if all goes well, maybe 200 stores by year-end exit, if not maybe 170, 
180 stores. 
Alok Shah: 
And this would be COCO stores or... 
Ashish Dikshit: 
It's a combination. We have a lot of partner stores. We also take COCO stores where required. 
So it's a combination because there's a lot of franchisee interest in this brand to scale up a lot of 
partners that we have who want to diversify the sportswear also lot of existing Reebok 
franchisees who want to put up more stores, it's a combination of FOFO and COCO. 
Alok Shah: 
Got it. Perfect. And there's some new subsidiary that is proposed to be incorporated. Just wanted 
to check what would be this for? And what would be the capital allocation for this business? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So this is a new company that we have incorporated. This is for a partnership with one of the 
luxury brands called Christian Louboutin. We are initially putting INR5 crores of capital at this 
point of time. 
Alok Shah: 
Okay. And this can potentially go up as you think about expanding? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, no, this is not really so good. This is a part of our broader partnership for the Galeries 
Lafayette project that's coming up. So I don't expect this to be significantly -- significant in our 
scheme of things from a capital point of view. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Jain from Equirus. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Vikas Jain: 
So number one, with respect to Tasva, sir, can you broadly outline as to like what are the 
investments that -- or what is the kind of capex that they require to put up 1 new store? And what 
are the targets for FY '24 in terms of stores addition for Tasva? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
As I mentioned, we're talking about 40 stores for this year. And typically, it depends on the size 
of the store, but anything between INR75 lakh to INR1 crore is really the investment in a Tasva 
store. 
Vikas Jain: 
This includes working capital as well, right? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, no, this is capex. 
Vikas Jain: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, with respect to the debt number that you quoted initially, can you like 
broadly -- of course, we do understand that there has been some weak conditions as well as 
scaling up of the new businesses. But can you like broadly look at what was the segment -- 
broader segments where this -- the difference between quarter-on-quarter improvement of the 
debt was allocated to? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So debt number, which you're saying the opening debt for the quarter? 
Vikas Jain: 
Quarter. And the ending date of the -- there's not a broadly, where was that utilized broadly in 
our segments? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So a part of it -- the difference is we started the year with about INR1,400-odd crores, INR1,420 
crores or something. And our quarter-end debt is about INR2,000 crores. A part of it has gone 
into capex, small part in working capital and to some extent, the losses for the quarter. 
Vikas Jain: 
Correct. And sir, as a follow-up to that. Any number that we are working out with towards the 
end of the year FY '24 for the debt? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Jagdish had mentioned in the previous call, for the full year, we have talked about INR2,800 
crores kind of number is the closing debt. This is after considering the payments towards 51% 
stake for TCNS. 
Vikas Jain: 
Correct. Correct. And sir, if I missed it, so the TMRW investments are done or is it like yet to 
be completed, some part of it was left, right? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So yes, last -- till last year, as I mentioned in the previous response, we have made half of the 
investment. The entire investment is factored in, in the closing debt number that I was talking 
about. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshat from Flute Aura. 
Akshat: 
So my question is on the depreciation side, as it has increased significantly on year-on-year basis 
and also sequentially. So can you please guide as to how this depreciation will be going forward 
and why it has increased so much? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Jagdish Bajaj: 
See, depreciation is a function of new store additions and capitalization and the impact of Ind 
AS stores because I have to treat them as my owned store that is the reason the depreciation has 
gone up and it will continue to be in this range or rather increase. If you see from last few years, 
so because of the store additions plan and the treating them in first half of life of the stores like 
out of 5 years, the first half will be heavy on depreciation, and it will be more like straight line 
depreciation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Varun from ICICI Securities. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, 2 questions. First is what would be a number of store closures in Pantaloons over the last 3 
years, 3 to 5 years? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So yes, we'll just get back to you. You can move to the next question. 
Varun Singh: 
Sure, sir. Sir, second question is, I just wanted to know that what would be the size of Innerwear 
segment products, if you want to share that? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, we had shared in the previous calls, we don't give separate numbers, but we have since I 
have said that, it's about INR500 crores last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Palak Shah from ITI Alternates Fund. 
Palak Shah: 
Just one. When you were indicating a INR2,800-odd crores of net debt by the end of '24, are you 
including the INR1,400-odd crores to the received from... 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. I should have clarified. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So when are we looking at breakeven in the innerwear space and in the pure Tasva ethnic space? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So Tasva is a very early stage. We think FY '27, '26-'27 is the likely period in which we'll 
breakeven. As far as innerwear is concerned, right now, the slowdown in the athleisure segment 
has extended it. We should look at either towards the end of next year or early year after that. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And -- so the losses are probably in the marketing spend and in the fixed cost or also you're 
looking at the gross margin expansion from a breakeven perspective in the innerwear space? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So in innerwear, there will definitely be a gross margin expansion play also possible. As I 
mentioned in response to previous question, our innerwear gross margin shrunk in the previous 
year primarily due to higher raw material prices. And to that extent, those margins will come 
back as we go forward. And therefore, it will be a combination of margin expansion as well as 
leverage over fixed costs. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And -- so in FY '25 and early FY '26, the size of the Innerwear business, including Athleisure 
should be around INR750 crores, INR800 crores when the breakeven should happen, is that a 
good assumption? 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes. Yes. That's a fair assumption. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And sir, in Tasva, when we had done the tie-up with Tarun we had guided for 300 store opening 
in the first 3 years. Are we sticking to the guidance? Or do you think the current environment 
where we are in that could stretch a bit? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
No, I'm not sure we would have said 300 stores for 3 years. We said 300 stores for 5 years. We 
opened 50-odd stores. So we'll be 100 at the end of full second year. But yes, as we go along, 
we are also refining the store format. We are learning from our experiences, improving product 
proposition, finding out missing categories and price points. 
So we'll keep learning as we go along. Difficult for me to give a revised number. But as we go 
along, we'll keep letting you know how we are progressing and what's our expansion plan. This 
year, we are talking about 40 stores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sorry, I logged in a bit late, so I'm not sure if this question was asked before, but just wanted to 
get the sense on the current typical demand environment that we have seen across on 
discretionary consumption side. And based on the data or cycles that you would have seen, how 
soon you think we can come out of this, A? And B, looking at this situation that we are in today, 
do you think that you will go slow on expansion that you had guided for this year? And would 
like to calibrate -- recalibrated in terms of to push it a bit of next year or perhaps later? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
So there is 2 parts to the question. When do we expect the demand to recover I think definitely 
not before the festival period. The extent of recovery after that will be both a function of -- 
because this time, as you know, the festivals have also got pushed a little bit later into the year. 
So they are about 20, 30 days later than the previous year same period. So to that extent, it will 
look even further than what it was otherwise. A lot of wedding dates have also got shifted 
towards the second half of the year. So that's another piece that actually is an important piece 
for our premium brands as well as increasingly the larger ethnic portfolio. So these 2 from our 
portfolio point of time -- portfolio point of view are the important drivers and triggers. And I 
don't expect them to significantly shift before the festive period. 
On your second question on expansion. I think I had indicated earlier that this is something that 
we had started to see from Q4 last year. And therefore, we had started to sort of moderate and 
factor in some of the situations. We had talked about Pantaloons expansion, which was last year 
at about 60-odd stores, 63 new stores is what we had opened last year. 
And we had indicated 35, 40 stores. So that reflects the kind of moderation that we are doing in 
parts of the businesses where we think we need it. In the parts where capital, which are not 
related to the capital, which are largely franchisee led, we will continue to grow, but obviously, 
that will also be reflected reflective of the demand as we go forward because a lot of it is 
franchisees putting their capital and they are also cautious, we are also cautious during that 
period. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Overall, however, I would say that we are in a long-term growth trajectory as entire pieces over 
the last few years has been making investments, getting into new categories building brands, 
both organically and inorganically. Many of these, especially in ethnic wear Reebok, which 
Vishak talked about, are in very early stages of what is possible. 
And we don't want to let go that portfolio opportunity expansion that we have. We now have a 
fairly full sort of plate as far as that is concerned. And it needs to be set to the extent that we 
receive -- we get the full potential out of them. So you won't see a significant seesaw. We'll 
continue to expand, we'll continue to invest in our business moderation from time to time is all 
that we'll look at. 
Tejash Shah: 
And sir, last question on Style Up. Is it still an experimental stage or you believe that the proof 
of concept at store level is not established and you would like to ramp it up? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Yes, I'll get Sangeeta... 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
So Style Up, as we had mentioned before, is a new proposition in the value segment, while 
Pantaloons will play in the mid-market segment. Style Up is fairly and squarely for the value 
proposition. We, as of today, have about 15, 16 stores. We have created this proposition in a 
completely new manner with great merchandise at great value, a very nice retail environment 
delivered through a very good retail identity, small compact stores. 
And we've seen initially good traction on these stores, while it's still early days. We've been in 
the market for about 7, 8 months now. But it gives us great confidence. And I think as we 
establish the proof of concept in the next few months, we'll certainly come back and take a look 
at how soon we can scale up this business. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
We had, Tejash, I think, 5 to 7 stores of this concept when we started the year. We would -- at 
the current rate of opening, we'll get to about... 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
30, 35 stores. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
30, 35 stores by the end of the year. 
Sangeeta Pendurkar: 
By the end of the year. 
Ashish Dikshit: 
And it's -- we're feeling quite confident about how it is doing. Still we'll have to see over a larger 
network on how the overall performances. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. And the last one, if I may. Now with the kind of diverse and deep portfolio that we have, 
how are we managing the human capital part because retail relatively, it's actually younger 
industry from Indian perspective. So are we kind of creating our own -- like promoting our own 
talent pool or we are actually kind of going outside our industry and attracting talent to kind of 
come in this space? 
Ashish Dikshit: 
Tejash, as we've discussed in the past also, a wide portfolio play requires 3 things: capital, talent 
and ability to execute differential business models for different segments. We have looked at all 

 
 
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
3 and therefore, a lot of our actions over the last 2, 3, 4 years, have been built around its trending 
balance sheet, raising capital in line with our vision on 1 side. 
If you look at our talent for a long period of time, our company has been and as a part of being 
part of a large group like Aditya Birla Group, we get to attract and retain the best talent in the 
industry. 
Wherever we need unique talent and specialized talent, you should see -- I mean, a part of our 
partnership with designers is really to harvest the experience and the talent that they bring, which 
is unique and very different to build ourselves. Wherever we think the talent can be built 
internally, we are doing it, and we are very proud of the talent that we have built over a period 
of time. 
Most of managers or leaders over the last 10, 15 years have risen from inside. And that's 
something that we will continue to invest in. But wherever unique capabilities are required, we 
are very open and we go and attract the best talent required for that. And we continue to -- we 
run our businesses in a very sort of decentralized manner, which brings both unique talent and 
unique business models required for each of the businesses. And we'll continue to look for. So 
it will have to be a combination of homegrown talent as well as bringing and infusing experience 
wherever required. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the 
management, we thank all the participants for joining us. In case of any further queries, you may 
please get in touch with Mr. Amit Dwivedi. Thank you, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
