  
  
   
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
Ref: ITL/SE/2023-24/16 
Date: June 05, 2023 
To, 
The Manager, 
The Manager 
Corporate Relation Department 
Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5'» Floor; Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400001 
Mumbai — 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532326 
Symbol: NSE —- INTENTECH; 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of the Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on 
June 01, 2023. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https: //in10stech.com /investors/earnings- 
call 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Al, Vikrampuri, Secunderabad - 500 009. 
a 
l 
Telangana, India 
Nn 
S 
T: 
+91 40 44558585 
F: 
+91 40 77819040 
E: 
info@imlOstech.com CIN- L30007TGI9S90PLCOTI51IO 
Our Global Offices 
; Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
| Singapore 
www.iniOstech.com 
 
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA
Digitally signed by 
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2023.06.05 
22:13:33 +05'30'

Inlos*" 
“Intense Technologies Limited 
Q4-FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 1, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C.K.SHASTRI 
: FOUNDER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. ANISHA SHASTRI 
: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. JAYANT DWARKANATH 
: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. ANIL KUMAR VENGAYIL 
: COO 
MR. HM NAYAK 
: EX-CFO 
MR. NITIN SARDA 
: PRESENT CFO 
MR. LOKESH 
: FINANCE TEAM 
InlOs* 
Page 
1 of 11

InlOs” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q4-FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
June 1, 2023 
  
Siddharth Rangnekar: Good afternoon and thank you 
for joining 
us on Intense Technologies Limited's 
C. K. Shastri: 
Quarter 4 and FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us Mr. C. K. Shastri— Managing Director, Mr. Jayant Dwarkanath 
— Director, Ms. Anisha Shastri — Director, Mr. Anil Kumar — Chief Operating Officer of 
the Company, Mr. Nitin Sarda — the present CFO of the Company. The management 
will also be joined by Mr. Nayak —the outgoing CFO and Mr. Lokesh from the Finance 
Team. 
Before we commence, 
| would like to highlight that some of the statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature. And a note to that effect has been 
included in the earnings release made by the Company and which is available on the 
stock exchange website. 
We will commence the opening remarks with Mr. Shastri and Ms. Anisha, following 
which we will have an interactive question and answer session. 
| would now like to invite Mr. Shastri to give us a brief overview of the Company's 
performance and his views on the opportunities and outlook ahead. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Shastri. 
Good afternoon to all of you. Thank you very much for taking the time for this earnings 
call. 
It's always a privilege to interact and learn and engage with investors. You are 
the key critical people for us as an organization. 
For some of you who do not know about Intense, Intense Technologies Limited has 
been 
products 
and 
platforms’ Company 
into customer communications, 
digital 
engagement, low code Al, data management and so on and so forth. We have started 
off as an enterprise products Company. 
We 
have marquee customers 
across 
verticals. We 
have customers, 
marquee 
customers in banking. Banking we have all the top banks like HDFC Bank, Axis Bank, 
IDFC First Bank, YES Bank and the likes. And similarly in insurance, we have the top 
insurance companies. And 
in Telecom, we have also very marquee customers like 
Vodafone, BSNL, Jio, so on and so forth. 
We are proud to tell you that, we have been the leaders in customer communications 
in this part of the world, and 
| take pride in telling you all that we have been ranked 
globally number one 
by Gartner 
in the customer peer reviews which 
is 
a very 
important thing because this 
is what the customers tell about us. 
It's not that an 
analyst telling about us or we are telling about ourselves. The customers have rated 
Inlos”’ 
Page 2 of 11

Anisha Shastri: 
us 
in terms of technology innovation, 
in terms of support, delivery, and R&D, and 
Innovation. 
And as you all are aware that, we have taken a very, very, our solutions are mission 
critical and we have done very large projects, some of them hitting every taxpayer in 
the country, every customer onboarded, every bill which you get, be it Jio, be it BSNL, 
be 
it the income tax, we have successfully delivered very large mission 
critical 
solutions. 
The year gone by has been a year of consolidation and investments for the future. 
The biggest question a lot of our investors were asking is what is that you have such 
fantastic products, you are profitable. We never had been in this kind of a situation to 
invest in growth. Today, we have 38 crore with 47 crore in collections. So, we have 
decided that the year FY '23 has to be a year of investment, growth, the Investments 
for growth and future thing. 
But we had taken up a big mission called Project Butterfly. The whole idea of Project 
Butterfly 
is like how, butterfly comes out of the cocoon and flies. We have set up 
ourselves with the three-year goal with aggressive targets of growth of 30% year-on- 
year. Towards that we had to make a 
lot of investments that 
is reflected 
in our 
financials, and you might have seen there has been a drop in profitability though there 
is growth in the top line. 
So, our goal is to see that we grow at least 30% year-on-year with a minimum margin 
of 35%. Towards that we have hired a very good leadership team. We have had Nitin 
Sarda, our new CFO, who has worked with companies like Ernst and Young and he 
comes with a lot of experience in growth strategies. 
And along with him we have Anil who is our COO. He has got more than two decades 
of experience. One, he worked with a startup to a major scalable Company called 
Comverse Kenan, and then he worked with services companies like Amdocs with 
over 20 years dealing huge P&L under him. He is leading our Project Butterfly, and 
they will share with you our plans and how are we going to scale this organization and 
take 
it to the next level. 
| am very confident that we have set ourselves achievable goals and we would be 
looking at having these targets that we have set ourselves to be achieved as we go 
along. And one of the key pillars would be taking on large digital transformation 
projects. We have the wherewithal. We have IP assets and cloud initiatives. And all 
those details Anisha will be sharing with you as we go along. 
Over to you, Anisha. 
Thank you so much, 
Mr. Shastri. Good morning, good afternoon everybody. 
| am 
Anisha, Whole-time Director at Intense, and along with Mr. Anil Vengayil who is also 
on the call, our CEO, we run strategy and operations for Intense together. 
This year that went by was a very conscious year of taking risks of transforming the 
organization. 
| know many investors, many well-wishers in the past have asked us 
saying you are a cash-rich organization, but you are still always risk averse. You are 
not investing 
in sales. You are not investing in marketing. Why is that? And so this 
year was absolutely in line with exactly that. 
Last year, we started something internally called Project Butterfly. Project Butterfly is 
basically the strategy that we put 
in place for the organization with 
a three-year 
| 
a 
InlOs 
Page 3 of 11

Step one to Project Butterfly was repositioning our organization erstwhile, we were 
practically, 
if you ask anybody in the industry as to what Intense Technologies does 
or who Intense Technologies 
is, they 
will say 
it 
is 
a customer communications 
Company, and so we were only Known for our one product. This year, what we have 
done is we have expanded on that, and we have repositioned ourselves as a product 
and tech enabled services Company. 
Second, we have increased our portfolio of offerings and opened up a 
lot of new 
revenue streams. 
| will be very honest with you. For us, international sales has always 
been a 
little bit of a challenge, and that’s probably because India is more well-known 
for services internationally as opposed to products. And so we added a bunch of tech 
enabled services to be able to foray into international markets more strongly this time. 
The second is, Mr. Shastri also mentioned, we have a lot of really large customers to 
our credit, a lot of large logos. Pretty much all the top banks, insurance companies, 
telcos 
- 
in the 
Indian subcontinent use our products. And while each 
of those 
customers has the appetite to spend far more, we were only selling our license and a 
few services around implementing our licenses to them. 
What we have done this time around is we have completely opened up our portfolio 
of offerings. We have added vertically and horizontally both to our portfolio of offering. 
So, 
now, 
instead 
of say, 
for example, just selling the customer communications 
product to a customer, there is a ton of data management that is required before 
it 
comes to our product, right? And that's a huge scope of activities as well. So, we have 
added data management products to our capability and services to our capability. 
Also what we used to do 
is we used to design the entire communication and then 
hand 
it over to other vendors to send out the communication. Now we have also 
vertically integrated and partnered with organizations so that we can provide an end- 
to-end 
offering, 
including the transmission 
of the communication. 
So, 
we have 
broadened our entire offering. 
Third is, there are a lot of ancillary services that are required. For example, migration 
on cloud. Most customers today are looking to either migrate to Cloud Greenfield or 
move from one cloud to another, manage their spend on cloud etc. These are all 
ancillary services that are directly in line with what we already used to provide, but we 
were missing out on those opportunities. 
So, we have added 
a bunch 
of those 
revenue streams. 
Last year we also invested in our very own Al-based marketing automation product. 
This 
is a very natural extension to our existing UniServe suite, and we will also be 
offering this as a SaaS product subsequently in the year. 
Adding all of these additional products and services around our existing products has 
given us the ability to farm our existing customers. Each of our customers had the 
appetite and ability to spend far more, and they are spending 
it. Just we have not 
been benefiting from 
it. So, this year, very consciously, we have put forward plans 
and measures in place to be able to farm our existing customers better. 
The third step has been to invest significantly in sales and business development. So, 
we have ramped up our business developments today, and we are seeing very good 
traction, a very good response also for the investments that we have made in BD. We 
have hired senior sales leaders 
in the government vertical, 
like 
Mr. 
Shastri said, 
having already delivered a lot of large managed services project, today we are much 
more confident than ever before of being able to take on this. Earlier we didn't have 
the appetite as an organization, but now we have the appetite to be able to take on 
InlOs™ 
Page 4 of 11

Anil Kumar: 
large multi-year managed services contracts. And so, to that tune, we have hired 
seniors sales veterans 
in 
the government vertical 
to explore managed services 
opportunities in the government verticals. 
We have added blockchain initiatives for government, Al Chatbot, WhatsApp chatbot- 
based services for citizens through government. So, we have added a lot of these 
Innovative solution offerings that governments today are very keen to take to citizens 
to help make citizens' life better. 
We have also invested in a senior cloud sales experts. We have invested in data sales 
experts, so domain-based sales experts, who have the network and understanding of 
solutionized selling 
in the banking, insurance domain. 
So, we have added these 
senior sales leaders, and the hope and intention is to see that that very soon reflects 
in our growth potential. 
So, 
with 
that, 
this 
is 
basically the three-pronged approach 
that we 
are taking: 
repositioning ourselves, increasing our service offerings and opening of new revenue 
streams for our organization, and investing in sales and growth. That has been the 
mantra for the last year, and that may have reflected also in our books, but please 
note that 
it was a very conscious decision to invest in the future of this organization 
and to invest in growth. 
Anil, would you like to add something on it? 
No, 
thanks, 
Anisha. 
Good 
afternoon 
everyone. 
| 
am 
Anil, 
COO 
of 
Intense 
Technologies Limited. 
You have summarized it well, Anisha. The foundation of Project Butterfly used to have 
a predictable revenue growth which Shastri first sooke about around 30% increase 
our margins and also to increase the offerings to the market, the portfolio. As we 
transition ourselves into 
a tech enabled Company, we have 
a strong engineering 
DNA. We have strongly accepted products and platforms in our portfolio, and the idea 
is to allow these companies to use our platforms and the services that we provide. 
So, we are investing 
in everything that Anisha talked about. We are taking our 
products into the SaaS world, which 
is where most of the investments are going 
worldwide. Banks and insurance companies are having too much of data with them 
and, there is a lot of scope for Intense to invest into data services. Banks are investing 
into Al services and artificial intelligence. So, we have a play over there. 
You know, we are also investing into cloud services as most of these banks and 
enterprises move to the cloud. We see all of these as synergies to what we do with 
our clients and these are all good opportunities for Intense to go after. 
We are also looking at a calibrated engagement in the public sector as government, 
federal governments and the state governments are using cutting edge technologies 
to deliver citizen services, e-governance projects. So, we have already done a 
lot of 
large projects in the government sector and, we will have a dedicated focus in the 
public sector opportunities too. 
We will also foray into the international markets. We have a presence in Europe. We 
will make concerted efforts to penetrate into the American market and to the Asia- 
Pacific region. We have already made investments into Australia and New Zealand. 
We have a sales team over there to pursue opportunities in that region. 
InlOs™ 
Page 5 of 11

Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep Investments: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sandeep Investments: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sandeep Investments: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sandeep Investments: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sandeep Investments: 
With all this put together, 
| am of the strong belief that, Intense will see significant 
growth year-on-year, 
and the services elements 
will enable 
us 
to increase 
our 
margins too. 
Thanks, Anil. So, all in all, 
| just like to conclude by saying this. We are very confident 
in what strategy we have put in over here. Our goal is to ensure that we see the kind 
of growth that this organization 
is capable of achieving, and we also want to get to 
more predictable quarter-on-quarter growth. We want to make our revenue streams 
also more recurring in nature, more predictable in nature. And that's the intention with 
which our entire plans have been laid. 
Just to add to what Anisha said, as a Company we have, instead of selling just license, 
AMC and services, we are moving even some 
of our existing customers 
into 
a 
complete holistic licensed AMC managed services kind of an opportunity to see that 
we have more predictable revenues. Today, more than 60% to 65% of our revenues 
are in this model, which is there already. 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a question from the 
line of Sandeep Investments. Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to know year-on-year there has been growth, and last financial year, 
there was good profit. All of a sudden, your profit has fallen due to employees' benefits 
and high operating cost. Now you tell me, madam, as an investor, the share has been 
trading at Rs. 60, whereas we have bought at much higher rates. What is the future 
of the investor in the Company? 
Sir, we don't have any control over these share fluctuations, but we definitely have 
control. We have exactly told the reasons why the 
profit has dropped. We have 
invested for growth, and we were also... 
Another thing 
| would like to ppoint out. So, 
| have been sending emails. There had 
been some market fluctuations and manipulations by foreign investors who invested, 
one Company FIl invested, and then they sold out all of a sudden, and we all the 
investors were left in the lurch. However, 
it was promoted on for blocks. See, there is 
companies invested due to vested interests. Now everyone has lost money in your 
Company and what do we expect for the future in the stock? 
| am surprised. 
Is 
it Mr. Sandeep? Who is speaking? 
Yes. 
| was asking about the stock market operation. You said you have no control. 
We are not at all. How do we? We don't, those are all market speculations, and we 
have nothing to do with those. And we don't come from that kind of background. We 
have only... 
You have just said you expect 30% growth per year. Now what kind of earnings per 
share are you looking in three years? 
See, when we say 30%, we are talking about around 125 crore with 35% EBITDA, 
which would come to, 
| just don't have the number of the thing. One-on-one you can 
write to me, and 
| will respond to you. 
Shastri, okay. 
| willsend an email, and 
| would appreciate it if you can send your email 
address on my mail what 
| have registered for the conference. 
InlOs™ 
Page 6 of 11

C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Rajendra Shah: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Rajendra Shah: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Milan Shah: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
It is available on the Internet website. 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rajendra Shah from Fidelity 
Management and Services. Please go ahead. 
By which period do you think the fruits of your investments will become visible? 
You will start seeing from FY '24. 
And what are the hurdles or risks that you worry about in the process? 
| mean, 
| guess, 
the business potential is very much there. So, does 
it come down to question of just 
execution in terms of marketing and delivering on the product? 
Sir, extreme market conditions or any one of those things, apart from that, we believe 
we are on the right track to achieve and get the execution, any of the major recessions 
hitting us or anything which humanly we don't have control on, those are the factors 
which may impact, but otherwise, the plans which we have put in, we have internally 
put a 30% target. We are hopeful about that. 
Thank you. we have a next question from the line of Milan Shah from Urmil Research. 
Please go ahead. 
| have invested for the last 10 years. 
| am very happy in between as perspective of 
investors, 
we got very newer opportunities. 
But 
| want 
to understand 
that the 
Company’s employee cost since last five years is 50% near about. Then... 
Can you repeat the last part? 
Since last five years, your Company's employee cost is always 50% near about, and 
this year is also 50%. Then why this EPS is coming down? And my second question 
is how many sales executive or marketing guys are recruited this year so we can get 
more business next year, this year of 30% or more? 
In business development, we have added about 12 resources. 
In sales, we have 
added about five new sales. 
These are all enterprise level sales people. 
Sir, my request to you that we have to make an Investor Presentation so we can 
understand. 
Sure. 
Second thing, my request to when we are going to get that much great awards from 
Gartner and Company is never informed to exchange. Then why investor 
| know that 
Company get this much of award? 
| follow Instagram and Twitter that many times our 
Institute at Europe is conducting in 1, 2, 3 March, but there is no information on BSE 
site or NSE site. So, our Secretary, what they are doing for our Company? 
Sure. We will also, we had made 
it a practice to update our social media. We will 
definitely also start announcing, publishing this on the regulatory websites. 
All investors are going to social media. 
InlOs™ 
Page 7 of 11

Anisha Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sandeep Investments: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sure. Noted. 
Company has the responsibility to inform exchange or that we get this kind of seminar 
or we got this kind of extraordinary award, which is the international acclaim, but we 
investor are not going to know anything about the Company. 
Sure. 
Yes. 
Mr. Shah, going forward, we will certainly, we will follow this practice. So, as 
soon as we update our social media with any significant messaging that that will go 
to the exchange also. We are doing 
it, sir, but there must have been some, 
if there 
has been any slip up, we will correct it. 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Sandeep Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
| just want to inquire. 
| wonder whether your Company is doing well. How come some 
foreign institution or interest has not been shown in the Company? Do you plan to do 
a placement or a dilution or equity in a couple of years? 
We are open to any good things which will create shareholders’ values. 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Milan Shah from Urmil Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, what is the attrition rate of our Company? And can you explain some blueprint or 
something for Butterfly which is mentioned by madam? 
So, Mr. Shah, last year was a little extreme. Last year, the IT industry as a whole went 
through a phenomena called the Great Resignation after COVID where 
it was quite 
frenzy. So, our last year's attrition rate may be an anomaly when compared to our 
standard attrition rate across the years, but last year we also had to make significant 
investments 
in retaining talent and attracting talent. That 
is also reflected 
in our 
employee cost. 
And with respect to Project Butterfly, happy to share more information offline as well, 
sir. 
But 
in 
general, 
what we 
have 
done, 
essentially, 
is we 
have 
taken 
three 
fundamental pillars for the growth 
of the organization. We have set 
a three-year 
horizon of what we want, what revenues we want to be targeting, and how from what 
revenue streams we want to be targeting that from. And we have basically broken 
it 
down across our existing products, the new products that we have added on and new 
services that we have added on to our portfolio. And so that has been the fundamental 
tenet of creating the entire structure. 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Arjun Balakrishnan, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Your operating expenses are quite high. What is the guidance for the next year on 
operating expenses? 
We are currently at the expense of 70, 73, 74, and we are looking at it growing to 80, 
85 on the thing and the basis our, we are looking at an EBITDA of 30%, 35%. 
In 
addition, 
Mr. 
Balakrishnan, 
we 
have 
started 
taking 
on 
managed 
services 
opportunities. 
So, 
managed 
services 
opportunities come 
with 
an 
initial CapEx 
InlOs™ 
Page 8 of 11

Arjun Balakrishnan: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
investments on our part which we recover subsequently, like the operating expenses 
that reflect in our books as of 31st also, quite a lot of that has already been recovered 
in the first quarter. So, that also tends to inflate our operating expense, but it is short 
term in nature until the client pays us back. 
So, the question is because compared to Q4 last year, 
it shot up quite significantly, 
and that dented the profitability. 
Yes. 
So, going forward, you see, 
if you have the same operating expenses? 
No, 
it will not be so, sir. 
Sir, the reason for that is we had started the implementation of two new projects, and 
that required an upfront investment in server infrastructure etc., which we have also 
recovered 
for the most 
part. 
So, whenever we take on new managed services 
opportunities, which involves us managing entire infrastructure software and service 
all together, sometimes there may be these upticks. 
And the other thing is, you conduct conference calls very arbitrarily. So, 
| have been 
invested in other companies as well. Some companies don't conduct conference calls 
at all. That's fine. And some companies do a regular conference call. So, either way 
you got to decide, right? It's very arbitrary for me as an investor to suddenly feel okay, 
why we have 
a conference call? At least can you define when you will have 
a 
conference call and when not? 
Sure. You are right, and we want to get to, we had a hiatus for maybe the last two 
years. 
But we want to resume having more regular engagement, 
more regular 
conversations. So, we will definitely publish a schedule. 
You will be seeing us more. We will be visible very clearly, and we will have want to 
do road shows and other things so that... 
The reason why 
| am asking is, 
if you go to your last conference call two years back, 
you promised the conference call end of every year. Okay. And 
| have been invested 
for that period of time. So, 
| expect the management to keep the promise of one call 
end of the year. 
| am not sure why that was not kept. 
Sure. Noted, sir. 
The last question is you, in the previous call, you mentioned that Q4 will not continue 
to be lumpy that the lumpiness will not basically in Q4. How is that looking in spreading 
out the revenue over four quarters instead of one beyond? 
Typically, sir, the last quarter definitely will be a higher, better quarter for us, but it will 
be much more evenly spread going forward. 
We are endeavoring to see that we get to a more quarter-on-quarter predictability, 
Mr. Balakrishnan. Some of our existing engagements we are not able to modify, but 
whatever new engagements we are signing on, we are trying our level best to see 
that it doesn't ultimately get padded on the fourth quarter. We are trying to do that as 
well. 
And finally, any plans of increasing stake of the promoters? 
InlOs™ 
Page 9 of 11

C. K. Shastri: 
Arjun Balakrishnan: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
AL: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Rajendra Shah: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Rajendra Shah: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Jayant Dwarkanath: 
Yes. We have increased the stake. 
| had taken about 8 lakh thing, and 
it's paid up, 
and my shares are yet to be listed. 
But that is a warrant side, but is there any more plan to increasing further? 
Yes. That's already been fully paid, converted and fully paid. 
| just did that. 
| don't 
come from a very wealthy family. Whatever 
| am capable everything all my earnings 
in my life, 
| have put in Intense. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of AL, a private investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Just wanted to understand what your future dividend plans are? 
We have been paying dividend for the last four years we are contemplating to also 
give the fifth year. We have called for a Board meeting for that on the fifth, and we will 
deliberate, and we will definitely wish to continue the tradition of being a dividend 
paying Company for this year also. 
Thank you. We have 
a question from the 
line 
of Rajendra Shah from 
Fidelity 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Shastriji, 
| have one suggestion. Why not make an Investor Presentation with broadly 
your strategy and potential? 
Definitely, 
sir. We will be doing that probably either we do 
it after the first quarter 
results or before that. We wish to do that. That suggestion also came to us. 
Yes. So, people don't Know where Intense stands and what type of growth strategies 
you were putting in place. 
| mean, knowledge is not there. 
No, definitely, sir. Well, thank you for the suggestion. We will do it. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Thank you. 
| would like to thank every investor who is a prospective existing investor 
who have joined the call, and thank you very much for all your feedback, questions. 
Your inputs are very valuable to us. We will take them very seriously and put 
it in 
action. And as 
| have mentioned, we are determined to see that this Company grows 
and goes to the new heights, and as we have set ourselves this first milestone, we 
would want to see that we achieve is a 30% growth this year with keeping at least a 
35% EBITDA and this thing. That is that itself is a huge task for my team and the 
entire organization, and we look forward to seeing that we earn your respect, thereby, 
your value. Thank you very much. Appreciate your time. 
We internally are extremely excited about Project Butterfly and the plans that we have 
put in place with a three-year horizon. Many of you have also expressed the fact that 
yes, 
we should 
be communicating 
more. 
In 
fact, 
we would 
be 
very 
keen 
to 
communicate our own plans and socialize them with you probably, because 
in the 
past too, we have always believed that by socializing our internal plans, the broad 
plans with you, we also tend to get good advice from our own stakeholders and people 
who are interested in our growth. We certainly will take your advice and make 
it a 
point to socialize our plan with you and periodically also inform you of the milestones 
InlOs™ 
Page 
10 of 11

that we have reached. Thank you very much for the interest and the support that you 
have given over the past many years to us. 
Moderator 
Thank 
you. 
On 
behalf 
of 
Intense 
Technologies 
Limited, 
that 
concludes 
this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. 
  
Declaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
_ 
Page 
11 of 11 
IniOs
