Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
T: +91-40-40099999 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 info@tanla.com 
Tanla Technology Center 
 
 
 www.tanla.com 
Hi-tech city Road, Madhapur,  
 
 
 
Hyderabad, India - 500081 
CIN: L72200TG1995PLC021262 
 
June 14, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA 
 
Dear Madam/Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call held on Friday, June 09, 2023, for discussing the 
Proposed Acquisition of Valuefirst. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of the 
conference call with Investors held on Friday, June 09, 2023 at 4.30 PM IST on the ‘Proposed 
Acquisition of Valuefirst’. 
 
The transcript is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link; 
 
https://www.tanla.com/media/announcement/ec_transcript_tvf.pdf  
 
Request you to take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
ACS-15519 
SESHANURA
DHA CHAVA
Digitally signed by 
SESHANURADHA 
CHAVA 
Date: 2023.06.14 
14:57:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
Tanla Platforms Limited 
ValueFirst India and Value First Middle East acquisitions’ Transcript 
June 09, 2023 
 
Call Duration 
35 minutes 
Management 
▪ 
Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations 
▪ 
Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ 
Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer 
▪ 
Aravind Viswanathan - Chief Financial Officer 
Participants that asked 
the questions 
▪ 
Anil Nahata - Individual Investor 
▪ 
Deepak Chokhani - Reed Capital Partners 
▪ 
Meet Rachchh - Anubhuti Advisors LLP 
▪ 
Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities 
▪ 
Mohit Motwani - Nuvama 
▪ 
Sharad Kohli - Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 11 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tanla Platforms Limited 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta from Tanla Platforms Limited. 
Thank you. And over to you, ma'am. 
 
Ritu Mehta: 
Hello. On behalf of everyone at Tanla, I would like to extend a very warm 
welcome to our investor call. Joining with us today are Uday Reddy, Chairman 
and CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive Director and Chief Business Officer; and 
Aravind Viswanathan, CFO. 
 
Uday will share his insights and strategic reasons behind these acquisitions, 
followed by Aravind, who would dwell into financials. After opening remarks, we'll 
be happy to engage with participants and address their questions. 
 
Before I hand it over to Uday, let me draw your attention to the fact that today's 
discussion may feature statements that are forward-looking in nature. All 
statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward-
looking in nature. Such statements are inherently subject to risk and 
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. A detailed 
disclosure in this regard is mentioned in the presentation that was uploaded on 
our website. Audio recording and transcript will be available on website soon. 
 
Now I hand it over to Uday. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you, Ritu. Good evening. Thanks everyone for joining the call. I'm sure 
you have seen our presentation on ValueFirst acquisition, and I'm really excited 
about the opportunity here. While I will ask Aravind to take you through the 
acquisition details, let me share my thoughts on the acquisition and what it 
means to Tanla and CPaaS industry in general. 
 
Over the past two years, I've been asked three questions consistently on the 
enterprise business. First has been the implications of global giants with large 
balance sheets entering the Indian market. I've been consistently maintaining 
that India is an unique market. To succeed in India what one needs to know is 
local knowledge, I mean one needs deep local knowledge, ability to work with 
the entire ecosystem from enterprises to mobile carriers and deep domain 
knowledge. This is a secret sauce of our success. Acquiring ValueFirst from 
Twilio is a validation of this longstanding belief. 
 
The second question has been a competitive dynamic due to Airtel competing 
with CPaaS players in India, largely around pricing. While there was a certain 
amount of disruption when Airtel made this entry, I think industry has stabilized 
over the past 12 months. Airtel is both a competitor and partner. And I think the 
ecosystem has learned the art of coexistence. 
 
I think the phase of market disruption is behind us. As we gain the scale with the 
ValueFirst acquisition with the overall CPaaS market share of 35% plus were 
recognized that we have a major role to play to drive responsible industry 
conduct. We take that responsibility very, very seriously. 
 
The third question has been around international expansion. ValueFirst is a 
player in Dubai and Saudi and making inroads into Indonesia. We will leverage 
this acquisition to significantly scale our international operations on platform, on 
enterprise business. 

 
Page 3 of 11 
 
So, in many ways this acquisition has addressed the key questions asked to me. 
So why does this acquisition make sense for us? I see five strong reasons. One, 
a significant bargaining power in sourcing. ValueFirst will help us with further 
bargaining power in sourcing we were always larger, now we have become 
largest rather. 
 
The second point is complementary customer base. Our India customer footprint 
is very complementary. We have 50% share in large enterprise segment. And 
now ValueFirst brings in 20% share in SME segments. Customers contributing 
40% of the required entities, revenues are net new to us. ValueFirst will cross 
sell and upsell to our customers on vice versa. 
 
Point number three, drive strong operating efficiencies. We looked at the 
financials in detail as part of the due diligence. I see a significant headroom on 
efficiencies on both direct indirect cost. We have clarity on where we can add 
value and improve. 
 
The fourth point is cultural fit. We have a strong relationship with both ValueFirst 
and Twilio. And Twilio believes we are their natural partner to hope to house 
ValueFirst employees and customers. 
 
Last but not least is talent. It is not easy to build talent with a big expertise in this 
space. Vish and his team have tremendous human knowledge and we will 
leverage this. They have a strong platform called Surbo, which we can be used 
for our customers. 
 
In summary, we have an incredible track record on acquisitions. We bought 
Karix and Deepak and his team has helped EBITDA grow from ₹25 crores to 
around ₹500 crores in the last four years. The same team which delivered the 
value at Karix will work with ValueFirst team to unlock the value for our 
shareholders. 
 
Now I will ask Aravind to take you to the deal construct and financial implications. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Uday. Good evening everyone. Let me quickly give you an overview of 
the acquisitions that we announced. We announced two acquisitions, right. The 
first one we signed a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of ValueFirst India 
from Twilio for a consideration of $42 million, which translates the current 
exchange rate around ₹ 346 crores subject to upward closing adjustments 
between $2.5 million to $3.5 million due to the net cash in the business. 
 
We expect to close this transaction by early July 2023, and we should see the 
full consolidation of this entity in our Q2 numbers. We also signed a binding term 
sheet to acquire 100% of ValueFirst in Middle East from their existing 
shareholders for a cumulative consideration of ₹20 crores. So, a combination of 
primary investment and the second purchase from existing shareholders. 
 
This entity addresses the markets of UAE, Saudi, and Indonesia. We expect to 
close this acquisition in September '23 and we would see the full consolidation 
of this entity in our Q3 numbers. We are funding this purchase consideration 
from our internal accruals. We are incentivizing the management team of 
ValueFirst for both performance and retention with a ₹50 crore RSU grant in 
ValueFirst which will vest over a two-year period. 
 
The overall revenues of both of these acquisitions combined is around ₹950 
crores. As Uday mentioned, ValueFirst is an existing customer of ours. So if I 
adjust for that intercompany, the net incremental revenue to Tanla Platforms 

 
Page 4 of 11 
would be around ₹650 crores. The combined EBITDA of the acquired entities is 
around ₹50 crores. 
 
Today, ValueFirst operates at around 5% EBITDA returns. EBITDA for Tanla in 
Q4, we existed FY '23 at around 20% EBITDA. And if we just consolidated on a 
like-on-like basis, the dilution due to the acquisition would be around 2%. Our 
plan is to mitigate this impact by improving the ValueFirst EBITDA from current 
levels of around 5% to double digits in the next two to three quarters. 
 
We have a solid plan on this, Uday referenced it in terms of the efficiencies that 
we see. And that's the focus for us from a profitability standpoint. We expect to 
mitigate the entire impact of the EBITDA margin value return by the end of the 
financial year. 
 
Overall, this is a very attractive acquisition from a valuation standpoint. We are 
acquiring an entity at 7x EBITDA multiple. For a business which is just operating 
at very, very low EBITDA levels. And we execute our plan on rising synergistic 
growth both in India and overseas, coupled with our focus on margin expansion. 
We see significant value creation through this acquisition. 
 
Now I would ask the operator to open the floor for any questions and we'll be 
happy between Uday, Deepak, and myself to address any of them. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may 
press * and 2. Participants are requested to use the handsets, while asking a 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. Reminder to the participants, anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press * and 1 at this time. 
 
The first question is from the line of Anil Nahata, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Yeah, hi. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Hi Anil, go on. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
For the international in terms of the geographies that they are having, because 
the slide gives a breakup of around ₹153 crores, whereas the revenue is around 
₹300 crores if I understand right? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yeah. So, Anil let me clarify that, right. That is the NLD business in those 
respective geographies, which includes the Tanla numbers, that is more to give 
you a sense of what is the domestic business that they do with local enterprises, 
okay? 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
But they also do global business and ILD business out of these entities. So, we 
are breaking it down. We will give you further details post the acquisition in terms 
of the kind of business that they do. But we wanted to specifically call out. See 
there is a difference between serving the market and the entity being used to 
book revenues, right. So, you put book a global-to-global revenue in a Dubai 
entity or a Saudi entity. So, we were specifically carving up what is the local 
business that we do and that local business for the combined group could be 
about ₹153 crores that what ₹100 crores comes from ValueFirst and about ₹50 

 
Page 5 of 11 
crores comes from Tanla. Tanla was only present in UAE. ValueFirst is present 
in all three geographies. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Great, Aravind. Thank you for that. And can you also give some sort of the range 
around which the margins for the domestic business in the overseas countries 
is there? And the Indian margin for ValueFirst? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, if you ask me, the margin on the overseas business today is a little lower, 
Anil, right. It's probably breakeven or slightly 1% to 2%. And India is a little higher 
at about 7% -- 6.5%, 7% so. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
You're giving at the EBITDA level? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yes, I'm giving at the EBITDA level. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay, fair enough. My third question around this line says, of course, it may be 
a bit early to ask this question, but I would still leave it with you. Now that Uday 
has said that one of the large concerns that has been raised by the shareholders 
community is about the international expansions, and ValueFirst can be a good 
step behind -- beyond what Tanla was already doing in UAE in terms of getting 
into deeper into the KSA and Indonesia. I mean what kind of a plan we can see 
from Tanla over the next one or two years? Can we look at international revenue 
base of 10%, 20% of the overall revenue? I mean, some sort of thought process 
would be -- I'm not even asking guidance, I'm saying what kind of a thought 
process can be there? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, Anil, as you said, right. We've not even integrated the entities, right. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Correct. Absolutely. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
But even we can see the huge opportunity. We clearly see a good opportunity. 
In fact, we've been talking about Saudi quite a bit, right. We've been talking 
about Far East Asia quite a bit, right. And the market sizes there are very, very 
large, okay. So, the idea obviously, and I think Uday kind of mention this, is not 
just look at these geographies only from an enterprise side, but even from a 
platform side. So, the expectations and internal workings are quite aggressive, 
Anil, but it can be substantial. But maybe I will wait to kind of have a much more 
detailed out plan in terms of what we are doing before I kind of commit. What 
kind of percentages it can be done. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Okay. I know it's ahead of time. And I mean Aravind if you are okay, can I ask 
more question or should I come back in the queue? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
No, I would suggest you to come back, because I think there is a queue list, 
right. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Fair enough. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Everybody is there and we have time. 
 
Anil Nahata: 
Absolutely. Fair enough. Thanks Aravind. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Chokhani from Reed 
Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Hi, Uday and Tanla team. Congrats on this acquisition. Great move which will 
surely solidify Tanla's pole position in India. I have two questions. First is I 
understand ValueFirst is largely into enterprise business. Just want to 
understand, given Tanla's foray into Wisely platforms and other business. What 

 
Page 6 of 11 
could be the cross-sell opportunity to ValueFirst customers more on the platform 
business side? Number one. 
 
Number two, you mentioned that the international business can grow 2x, 2.5x in 
few months. Is that like a few months? I mean can you throw some light on this? 
 
And the third is ₹50 crore EBITDA is on ₹950 crores or ₹650 crores? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, let me answer the third question first. The ₹50 crore EBITDA is on ₹950 
crores, right. We see that the EBITDA doesn't change because of intercompany, 
only the revenue changes, okay? Both organizations keep that profit. It's just the 
consolidated revenue comes up. That is why you will feel that adjustment 
happens only at the revenue line, but not at the EBITDA line. So that's my first 
point, right. 
 
The second question is in terms of the platform? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy:  
So, Deepak basically like a couple of things, right. One is, for example, in India 
alone, only 50% of their traffic comes on to our DLT platform, remaining 50% 
goes to our competitors. So now, going forward, probably from tomorrow, day 
after tomorrow, 100% of traffic comes to our DLT platform. That's number one, 
right. 
 
So, number two is, what we noticed is 40% of their revenues are net new to us, 
okay. So, we are listing down all these clients and we're also working on how to 
up sell and cross sell some of our Karix and Tanla services, to these customers. 
So we are pretty excited and we see a huge value there. And of course, in Dubai 
also, we have been operating for the last two years, we have reasonably big. 
We also see the clear opportunity over there. I can anticipate, we have our own 
customers, and they have their own set of customers in Dubai. So, there is a 
clear opportunity for us to upsell and cross sell value. So, it's only the beginning. 
There's a long way to go, but we are very excited about the opportunity. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Perfect. Thank you. Just my one question, which remains. The 2x, 3x growth in 
few months in the international expansion, can you throw some light on this, sir? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sure. So, when it comes to the NLD business that we specifically talked about. 
Especially where we have geographies like Indonesia, where we have just made 
an entry. And if you look at that slide deck, right. You have significant headroom, 
because it's a very, very large market, right. So, what we are planning is to see 
how do we accelerate the growth in some of those geographies where we can 
quickly turn around and get a quick update. 
 
Obviously, we will assess in more details, but that's the kind of potential we are 
seeing Deepak, right. So that is our approach. Specifically in these geographies 
where the base is small and we feel that if we can put our full might and our 
investments behind it, the opportunity to scale up that specific segment is very, 
very high. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Okay, all the best. Thank you so much. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks Deepak. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet Rachchh from Anubhuti 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Meet Rachchh: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the transaction. So, first 
question is in terms of margins. So in Slide number 16 of the presentation, where 
you have mentioned that there's an opportunity to improve 140 basis points, 150 

 
Page 7 of 11 
basis points on consolidated basis. So, just wanted to know, this is on the Q4 
exit rate or the FY '23 average of 18%? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, I kind of talked about this in my opening remarks, right. So what we are 
saying, right and that was -- it is both -- it is to say that our exit margin is 20%, 
okay. 
 
Meet Rachchh: 
Correct. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
We have an ability. I mean, if you take the entire impact of the ValueFirst, the 
impact is about 200 basis points roughly, right? And we are saying over the 12-
month period, as we exit, we will kind of get that dilution back largely through 
the improvements in ValueFirst, EBITDA, right which we have talked about. 
 
Meet Rachchh: 
Right. Okay, okay, okay. Second question is in terms of the business which we 
had earlier with ValueFirst. So, can you elaborate what was the business we 
were doing with ValueFirst for last 10 years? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So Tanla has always been a very large platform provider, right. We've been a 
large platform provider and we have served all of our big CPaaS players, right. 
Because our platforms are deployed at the telco end and our customers of Tanla 
historically have been with the CPaaS providers in the other end. 
 
So, in fact, interestingly, when we bought Karix, Karix was probably one of the 
largest customer of Tanla at that time. So Tanla has been serving the CPaaS 
players, right, from inception. So that's the kind of so it's typically A2P messaging 
service where we deploy, I mean, they send the messages and we run it through 
our platforms in the telco. 
 
Meet Rachchh: 
Okay. Fine. That's it from my side. Thanks. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is on the synergy benefit. 
So, sir you mentioned that there is obviously like around a lot of synergy benefits 
that you see. So, if you can, now tell me what are the immediate kind of synergy 
benefits, we'll see and what are the long to medium-term synergy benefits. And 
also, we mentioned about pricing benefits that we can get as a larger entity. So 
if you can, throw some light on that. 
 
And also, if I see the gross margins for both entities, they're mostly the same. 
So, the difference is mostly on the EBITDA margins. So the margin benefit we're 
talking about, is it through gross margin expansion or it's like cutting the cost 
and the tariffs levels -- sorry, at the ValueFirst level, sorry? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sure, Amit. So let me give you my view and request Uday or Deepak to add on, 
right. So, what we are saying clearly is, I mean, the first point is at an integrated 
level, the gross margin of Tanla's upwards of 25%, right. For the year, it's 27% 
as we exit, right. And it's much lower for ValueFirst, right. There is no dilution in 
gross margin, because when we do the consolidation in many ways, if the 
company revenue knocks off, but the gross margin remains. So, there is a 
significant gap in terms of the gross margin. 
 
Now, two, three elements there, Amit, one clearly is the sourcing cost because 
there is a benefit that we can get as far as that is concerned. Two is, and I think, 
Uday mentioned that we have a lot of cross leverage through platforms that you 

 
Page 8 of 11 
have the benefit of -- you have multiple of our platforms deploy not all our 
ValueFirst traffic goes through that. So, we will definitely create some 
downstream benefit there. There will be certain indirect cost synergies that we 
will identify, and we've already identified and we will execute on that, right. 
 
So, I don't think the business is very different for us to operate at very different 
margin. That's the hypothesis that we are starting with. And obviously, with 
synergies around platform, et cetera, that they do not have, but like we will get 
a benefit of that. It is easy for us to kind of drive profitability. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah. Okay. And sir in terms of the customer overlaps, obviously you have given 
very clearly where the overlaps are. But if you can also quantify what could be 
the overlap in terms of revenues and how do we see these individual customers, 
which are common in terms of spending, if they work in both the entities? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, Deepak do you want to comment on it? Well, I can give some numbers, 
right. But from a concept perspective, if you want to give your color, right. And I 
can provide the number. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah, so -- see it's like this. We have overlap with some customers, and they 
are pretty large customers, but we don't see any risk whatsoever. The primary 
reason is that the two separate platforms. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So why don't I cover that Amit, till Deepak joins back right. See one point what 
we have mentioned is 40% of ValueFirst revenues are customers who are net 
new to Tanla, right. So, to that extent, that gives you a sense, right. The balance 
of revenues are obviously having an overlap. 
 
Now, not all overlaps necessarily is bad, right. We have a situation where we 
can coexist. That is not an issue. We are retaining the brand. So, to that extent, 
it's not that two of them will combine into one. So, we don't see an issue. But 
what will happen is a huge ability to cross sell upsell that Uday also talked about 
in his opening remarks, right. That we will have with customers and that's where 
we see a big opportunity. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Why I was trying to understand this. As you said that 60% is overlap. So that's 
a big overlap, right. So, any risk you see to that in terms of some customers 
scaling down in one entity or some any kind of risk that you see in the overlap. 
So that's what I was trying to understand? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak are you there? 
 
Operator: 
Mr. Deepak your line is in talk mode. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Okay, let Deepak come back and answer that. Meanwhile, we can go with other 
questions. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
I'm there. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy : 
Yeah, Deepak, go ahead. Sorry, Deepak go ahead. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Aravind would you please clarify about the 60% overlap thing? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Yeah. So, I think the question Deepak that Amit wants is where there is an 
overlap, do we see a risk of customer pushing out either of the players, right? Is 
there a risk that we will lose revenues, because of whatever overlap we have? 
And I just kind of gave a headline saying we don't see that risk. But maybe you 
may want to elaborate a little bit on that. 
 

 
Page 9 of 11 
Deepak Goyal: 
Right. First of all, Aravind it is not a 60% overlap of our business between Karix 
and ValueFirst, right. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, from a revenue standpoint, we did that. So, it is 60%. It has 40% in revenue. 
But what I mean by that is where we have even one message goes, right. We 
call it overlap, right. So you may not feel that it's an overlap, but it is. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah. Anyway, so Amit to answer your question, in fact, we have done this 
exercise, okay. And how it works is a customer usually has a minimum two or 
more than two providers, okay. Maybe three or four; large customers usually 
have three or four providers. Usually with the large customers Karix has about 
45% to 50% share wallet share, others have to be 20%, 30% or so on, right. 
 
As we see this that for the customer, there are two separate platforms hosted in 
different geographies, different data centers and our services business is very 
people oriented. So, customers are used to dealing with a certain set of people 
in a particular provider. So, if you look at all of that, I don't see any risk. In fact, 
we see a huge opportunity where we can actually enter into ValueFirst 
customers, where we are not present. And ValueFirst can come as another 
provider to our customers where they are not present. So, I am looking as an 
opportunity where we can look for incremental business rather. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir the last question is on the retention program that we have. So, 
can you please throw some more light on how it is structured? Is it only for the 
top management or it is across all employees for the ValueFirst data and how 
the payouts will be? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, we talked -- no, no so -- doing a RSU plan is probably cover top 20, 25 
employees there, right with a focused view on how to retain. So, we have an 
RSU plan for about ₹50 crores in ValueFirst, right. So and that will vest over a 
two year period for driving both retention as well as performance, right. So that 
is really how the incentive plan is structured, Amit. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best sir. Thank you. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Participants to ask a question, you may press * and 1. The next 
question is from the line of Mohit Motwani from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the transaction. I have 
a question on around, can you give some sense on what led to you selling 
ValueFirst. I understand that Twilio works with you as well. But I believe that, 
they wanted to enter India, which is a fast-growing market and that's the reason 
they had gone in the acquisition way. And they ended up acquiring ValueFirst. 
 
But what I'd like to know is them selling the business and that also at relatively 
lower valuations. It is good from Tanla's perspective that you are getting, and 
you can turn around and scale and gain more market share. But just wanted to 
get some color on that if you can provide? Thank you so much. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Mohit, Uday here. We cannot really comment on behalf of Twilio, but we are 
very, very excited. We understand this market well. We understand this terrain 
very well. So, we have been working with ValueFirst for one decade. So, we are 
pretty excited. So, I don’t know why they left and why they acquired, why they 
sold it. We cannot really answer those questions. This is completely left with 
Twilio. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Sure. And that's it. Thank you so much. 

 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks Mohit. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sharad Kohli, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sharad Kohli: 
Hi, I have basically three questions, actually two questions and one suggestion. 
The first question I have is in terms of this industry consolidation. So Karix were 
number one, ValueFirst was number four. So, they have become part of Tanla 
over the last two, three years. You basically have three sizable players left now, 
right? Besides Tanla now, which is Route, Gupshup and ACL which is Sinch. 
 
My question is, in terms of negotiating your share of the cuts from the telcos. 
Does this make the CPaaS players in a better position to get a higher percentage 
of the revenue share from telcos? That's my first question. 
 
The second question I have is more on the stats that you gave on the TAM on 
the Asian markets. The first clarification I have is, is the Indonesian market led 
by CPaaS players like Tanla or is it kind of like the Airtel model where the CPaaS 
divisions of the telcos control the market for the most case? And I'm trying to get 
an understanding of how easy or difficult it might be for a standalone CPaaS 
player to kind of making inroads, if in fact the telcos are the ones that control the 
CPaaS market? 
 
And my last one, just given that we are absorbing so much data on the different 
markets mid-market versus large market. One suggestion I would like to offer is 
when you guys present your numbers for Q1, is there a slide you can show 
where we look at each of Tanla's five businesses, whether it's engage or 
communicate, everything? If you can just do a matrix, maybe a 3x4 matrix or a 
4x4 matrix, where you say, here are the divisions, here's which markets we cater 
to, here's where our share in that market of -- revenue share of the market is, 
and here are the drivers of those markets, whether it comes from startups or 
BFSI, whatever. Because it just makes it easier to understand which segments 
each of Tanla's five divisions is playing. In terms of just modeling out potential 
revenues. And if you can also disclose TAM numbers for each of those 
revenues? That's it from my side. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
In terms of the second question, what I can say is, if you look at any marketing, 
including Indonesia, it is completely driven by the aggregators or the CPaaS 
players, not necessarily by the mobile carriers. So, it's a customer in every 
market, including India and other markets, right. So, it's not different from many 
other markets. So, that's number one. 
 
Sharad Kohli: 
Source thing? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yeah, definitely it would help us. Even now, we have better access to the telcos. 
And with this acquisition, like, it is definitely that. So, we have move power to 
negotiate harder with the telcos. In terms of the metrics. Yes, definitely we'll 
consider that. 
 
Sharad Kohli: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Sharad. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta for closing comments. 
 

 
Page 11 of 11 
Ritu Mehta: 
Thank you, everyone. That was the last question for today. In case we could not 
take your questions due to time constraint, please feel free to reach out to our 
investor relations team. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Tanla Platforms Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
