 
Registered Office: Lotus Star, Plot No. D-5, Road No. 20, Marol MIDC,  
Andheri East Mumbai – 400093 (MH) 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
CIN – L51909MH2007PLC174702 
                     140/2/2 Ring Road Squire Musakhedi, INDORE 452 001 (M.P) INDIA 
                                                                         Phone: 91-731-422300, Fax- 4221222/444  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email: info@brandconcepts.in 
                
            
   
Date: 29th May, 2023 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
    
 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department   
 
    
 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
 
 
 
    
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
    
 
Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
    
 
Mumbai - 400051 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051,  
 
Symbol: BCONCEPTS 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543442 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Meeting held on 26th May 2023 for Q4 & Year ended 31st March 
2023.   
Dear Sir/Mam,  
With reference to the above captioned subject, We Brand Concepts Limited, herewith attaching the post 
result conference call transcript for the investor meet held on 26th May 2023 for Q4 and year ended on 31st 
March 2023.   
You are therefore requested to take this into your records and oblige.  
Link:  
Thanking You,  
Yours faithfully  
For Brand Concepts Limited,  
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A33016 
  
 
 
 
 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Swati Gupta 
Date: 2023.05.29 
16:16:38 +05'30'

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LTD 
 
Q4 & FY23 
 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar – Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Abhinav Kumar - Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY23 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. Today from the 
management we have with us, Mr. Abhinav Kumar, Whole Time 
Director and CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, and these forward-looking 
statements may involve risks and uncertainties. Also, this is a 
reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request Abhinav to detail us about the performance 
highlights for the year that went by, the activities that happened during 
the year and the plans and visions for the business in the coming year. 
Post which we can open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Vinay. A very, very good morning to everyone and heartfelt 
thanks for joining the call. So, yes, I think the last year, the year gone 
by has been great. I'm not getting into about introduction or what we 
exactly do, because I think most of you guys have been following the 
company for a long time now. And, hence, I'll straightaway get into 
our performance highlights. 
 
So, I think, last year has been extremely good for us. We've grown, I 
think, the year-on-year revenue has grown by almost 90% and 
EBITDA levels, PAT levels, PBT levels, I think, the presentation 
makes it clear we've grown multi-folds in most of those levels. But 
one thing that I would really like to sort of highlight here is that the 
last year has been amazing for us from one another aspect that every 
single channel of ours, whether it is online, whether it is offline. 
 
And when I say an offline, that’s from – right from large format 
stores, department stores, to our own stores to the entire dealer 
distribution network, we have seen amazing growth in all the 
channels. So it is a very, very holistic sort of a growth, which has 
increased our penetration in the market. It's not a one-off – an order, 
which would have come and suddenly the revenues seem to be going 
high. It is a consistent growth. So that has really helped us in sort of 
expanding our horizons. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
 
In terms of profitability, I think, whatever – so both sales as well as 
profitability, we've been able to beat our own estimates for whatever 
guidance that we had given, I think, we've done far better than that. 
And thanks to the entire team also at Brand Concepts. We’ve also – 
last year also has been significant in terms of I had said that we'll be 
taking on more brands. So we signed up two new brands over there. 
One is United Colors of Benetton and the other is Aeropostale. 
 
UCB for us is going to be definitely a heavyweight brand, whereas 
Aeropostale is a lightweight brand. So that's also a very, very good 
healthy addition to our kitty of brands. 
 
In terms of supply chain, we've done a lot of work, cutting our 
dependence from China and going more local in terms of our sourcing 
developing factories over here. So that also has worked out well for 
us. So, I think work has happened in every department. The seeds of 
all of this were sown during the COVID period itself and, hence, I 
think post the COVID period, when the markets bounced back, we 
were able to capitalize on that entire opportunity. 
 
Yes, the results are there. I think, we'll spend more time for the Q&A, 
because that always takes a little more time. So, I think, we'll open it 
for the Q&A session, Vinay? 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, Abhinav. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may use the 
option of raise hand. Swapnil, you can go ahead. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Sir, am I audible? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, you are. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Sir, so my first question was with respect to the EBITDA margins, 
because we have signed two brands; one, heavyweight and, one 
lightweight. So can you just give some guidance with respect to these 
two brands? And how EBITDA margins would shape up in coming 
two to three years down the line? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
In terms of our EBITDA margins or PAT margins, I have always 
maintained that we would be aiming for a high growth like a 30% 
CAGR kind of a growth even for the next three to five years. And we 
aim to become a Rs. 500 crore company in the next four years or so. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
Whenever you go for a high growth, generally, it is seen that EBITDA 
margins or PAT margins take a little bit of a beating. However, the 
guidance that I would want to give and what we follow internally also 
is that we don't want to compromise on our EBITDA margins or the 
PAT margins. And, hence, we will sustain these levels even with this 
high growth. I hope I've answered your question. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yes, sir. Just a follow-up on that. I guess in the previous calls, you 
have commented on the fact that we would be growing on quarter-on-
quarter basis. So is it wrong to assume that QoQ basis growing would 
be a bit difficult for a company, because of the seasonality factor? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So I had said this in Q1, and I had meant it for the next couple of 
quarters. And hence, if you see from Q1 to Q2, Q2 to Q3 we did grow. 
But there are, obviously, seasonality definitely makes a difference. 
And I was asked this question in Q1 that generally VIP Safari, whom 
people compare us with that their Q1 is the highest and then Q2 dips. 
Where I had said that, no, we will keep growing in Q2 and Q3 as well. 
We will grow quarter-on-quarter. 
 
But if you look at a broader horizon, at a longer horizon, seasonality 
will definitely play a role. Q4 has traditionally always been the 
weakest for most of the retail companies, right? Two, three factors for 
that January, February is your end of season sale. So, hence, there is 
an effect of the EOSS and markdowns and everything. The second is 
even the traditional trade, March may generally – your people avoid 
taking all those billings and everything. They don't want to stack up on 
the inventory. So seasonality will – March is a bad month for retail, so 
hence seasonality will always be there. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Sir, last question, if I may ask, with respect to the guidance, which you 
have given on 30% offline growth. So the same guidance we were 
giving since past two, three quarters. So do you think you can revise 
the guidance, because now that we have signed two brands; one 
heavyweight and one lightweight? So are we being very conservative 
with respect to the guidance? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It's always better to deliver more than you talk, no? 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yes, absolutely. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
That's the reason I'm at least smiling today, because I had given a 
lower. I had said that we overachieved and I hope that we overachieve 
every year. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Thank you, sir. All the best for the amazing results. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, Swapnil. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Swapnil. We’ll take the next question from Saptarshee. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations on a 
great set of results. I would like to more understand on the UCB tie-
up, but in terms of like how much time it took us to tie-up with UCB? 
And, therefore, what all things that they have checked for us? So that 
like it gives us as an outsider, as a confidence that it will be a 
continuous journey that we can tie-up with more one or two other 
heavyweight brands. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, see, tying up with any heavyweight brand, obviously, is a long 
process because that's the most difficult part, right? After that, 
everything is a smooth walk. So it is just like arranged marriage. So all 
sorts of background checks happen, right, from the design capability 
to the marketing capability to supply chain capabilities. Then a 
business plan is submitted, a brand direction is submitted. It is very 
important that the licensor and the licensee both are aligned on what is 
the market positioning that you want to take for the brand? 
 
So, for example, a brand like Benetton, and if they come back and tell 
us that, you know what, we want to be priced higher than Tommy in 
your category, it is not possible, right? It will be a lower price brand 
than Tommy Hilfiger, because that's the market positioning. So both 
them and us need to be very understanding, very clear on our 
positioning strategy, so all of this happens. It took us good, I think, six 
to eight months almost to sort of get the alignment done, contracts 
executed. So, yes, it takes time. Once it is done – and, hence, I say that 
once this is done, it generally lasts for a very long time, because you 
don't want to go through all of this. If it ain't broken don't mend it, so 
initial phases is long, but the fruits of it is seen in the long-term. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Understood, sir, very well explained. And I would also like to 
understand that you have mentioned in your PPT that UCB, I think, 
around 250 plus stores in India. So like who would be the other 
players? And like is there any exclusivity in the region wise license or 
how does it play out actually across the players? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sure. All the contracts that we sign, we make sure that somehow or 
the other it's an exclusive contract. So it will be very, very similar like 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
Tommy, for all the three categories: Small Leather Goods; Women 
Handbags; and Travel Gear. Whatever you will see wherever in entire 
India, whether it is Shoppers Stop, whether it is Lifestyle, whether it is 
Myntra, whether it is Amazon, or whether it is Sadar Bazaar in Delhi, 
if it is not a fake, it will be through us, whether it is their own stores. 
So, we are the exclusive partners. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Sorry, exclusive for like the regions you will operate or like how 
exclusivity – or is it like exclusivity to any some online platforms, 
how is that exclusivity plays out? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, exclusivity for entire India, all channels. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: The stores that they would operate except from us, is their own stores 
like themselves would operate. There will not be any other players 
like us. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No I didn't get that. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: My question is basically like Brand Concepts is one very formidable 
player, who has tied up with this kind of brands. And, therefore, in 
future we will be having maybe stores exclusive to UCB also. 
Possibly or maybe we'll have UCB products in our backline stores. 
My question is that, is there any other player in India who also has tied 
up with UCB so that they can also retail and sell the products of UCB? 
And is that therefore region wise exclusivity? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. So, I think, Saptarshee, I'll just take a minute and explain the 
process of licensing once more. Then we'll be a little more clear. See, 
we operate in three categories: Travel Gear; Small Leather Goods; and 
Women Handbags; which in general is known as travel bags and 
accessories category. Okay? Now, for these categories we take a 
license of a brand. When I say license, it is not only distribution. We 
design, develop, manufacture and retail. We control end-to-end, start-
to-finish, the entire value chain. Okay? Whatever revenue that we 
generate, there is a certain royalty which goes to the brand on the sales 
that we do. There is a certain percentage of royalty, which goes to the 
brand for using their brand name, right? 
 
So for our product categories, we are the exclusive licensee. So 
whether it is UCB store, even if that store is selling belt, wallet 
tomorrow, they'll be sourcing it through us. If they're selling a 
backpack, or a luggage, or a lady's women's handbag, they'll be 
sourcing it through us. We are free to open a UCB Travel Gear 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
exclusive store also. We will not be opening UCB apparel stores, we 
are not into apparel. So we are a very similar company, like, how an 
Arvind or an ABFRL is. They are into apparel; we are into bags and 
accessories. We are exactly like Titan. So, Titan Industries has its 
watch store, right? Titan Industries also has licensed brand. So 
Tommy Hilfiger is a licensee – so Titan is a licensee for Tommy 
Hilfiger watches, right? 
 
Now, I hope you understand the whole. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Yeah, I understand very well. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
UCB has other licenses also. Timex has the license for watches. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Okay, last question, and then I'll fall back in the queue. Is that if you 
can give the store economics for your existing 30 stores, so like what 
would be average sales per store and therefore expenses, and therefore 
what could be payback period for store? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, we are hitting in the Metros. If you see in the metros, we are 
hitting an SSPD of almost between 85 to 90 SSPD, meaning, sales per 
square foot per day. We hit in certain cases, we hit more than 100 also. 
But on an average we hit about 85, 88 key SSPD, which is considered 
a very, very healthy SSPD. So you can imagine 85 into 30. So you'd 
be doing about Rs. 2,600, Rs. 2,700 per square foot per month, right? 
So, if it is a 500 square feet store with Rs. 2,500, Rs. 2,600, Rs. 2,700, 
this thing. It will roughly translate to about Rs. 13 lakh to Rs. 15 lakh 
rupees of sales per month from a Tier 1 metro kind of a city. And in 
the Tier 2, we hit about between 65% to 70% of these numbers. That's 
the rough estimate of our sales. What we are able to achieve. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: What should be the OpEx and CapEx for the store? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So roughly how it translates is, it will be different for a franchisee 
store versus company-owned store, but any store at the retail value, we 
make about between 10% to 15% roughly of contribution. So your 
best stores can go up to a 20%, 25% kind of a contribution as well. So 
if you're doing Rs. 1 crore rupees of sales, your best toes could land 
up, giving you Rs. 20 lakh rupees of contribution. And the Tier 2 kind 
of stores would give you about, say, a 10%, 12% kind of a 
contribution. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Understood. And that CapEx level, what would be the average CapEx 
and [what would be the difference?]  

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Also we keep our CapEx quite low. So for a franchisee to open our 
store 40 to 50 lakh of investment is enough to for a new store now we 
are increasing the store size, considering that we are getting more 
brands. So, hence, we are increasing the store size. Thankfully, we are 
also now in the list of – so all the top malls, when it comes to the bags 
and the premium bags multi brand category. We are now a default 
partner with them in all their new projects. 
 
So we are getting more and more premium retail counters for us. And 
hence the CapEx also is increasing a little bit. But from Rs. 30 lakh, 
Rs. 40 lakh, it would have gone to Rs. 40 lakh to Rs. 50 lakh for a 
store. And when I say Rs. 40 lakh to Rs. 50 lakh for a store, for a 
franchisee, it not only includes CapEx, it includes CapEx, it includes 
your, what do you call it, the stock investment. It includes the rent 
deposit that you have to pay to the mall. So that's the total investment, 
which goes to the store. And, hence, a franchisee is easily able to 
make anywhere between 15% to 20% kind of an ROI. If you ask about 
capex So we do about – it roughly translates to about Rs, 3,000 per 
square foot. 
 
Saptarshee Chatterjee: Understood, sir. Very helpful. And I’ll hop back in the queue. Thank 
you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Saptarshee. We’ll take the next question from Ankur. Ankur, 
you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Ankur: 
Yeah. Hello. Thank you for taking my questions. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Ankur: 
First question is on the product mix. Can you please explain our bag is 
what percentage, Travel Gear is what percentage, and other things are 
what percentage? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right. So if you see this year, our percentages have been so Small 
Leather Goods continues to be our largest sort of portfolio and it 
contributed to almost about 51%, 52% of our overall sales, whereas 
Travel Gear has contributed to roughly about 46% kind of sales mix. 
And the rest is your Women Handbags and everything. 
 
Ankur: 
Got it. And, sir, then on margin side... 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sorry. There is also because if you see Women Handbags till today we 
don’t have – so we just have our own private label which is Sugarush. 
We don't have a brand, we used to have and in Global Desi, which we 
let go two years back. So with UCB handbags and all coming now, 
this segment is going to – the percentage contribution is going to 
increase, yes. 
 
Ankur: 
Got it. And second question is on the margin side. So if I look at QoQ, 
there is a drop of margin. But if I look at Safari as well as VIP, both 
had margin expansion and they're saying that raw material cost has 
come down, so margin has improved. But it hasn't happened in our 
case. So can you explain that, please? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
If you see our gross margins, our GP percentage has actually gone up, 
right? But see how we calculate, Ankur, in our listing is we calculate 
something known as a contribution, right, which is after your variable 
expenses, which are royalty and selling distribution for us, after those 
expenses we calculate something known as a contribution, so if you’ll 
see our gross margins, our gross profitability is higher, but our 
contribution has gone down a little bit. The selling distribution 
expenses have increased also because of our own marketplace 
activities have started to increase. 
 
We have seen a very, very healthy growth in our marketplace 
activities and, hence, the selling distribution expenses have gone up 
little bit, because in the marketplace activities you are dispatching 
goods in each is to all your various customers online rather than in 
truckloads and, hence, there is a slight increase on that perspective. 
 
But, now, if I have to say that for example, if we make somewhere 
around – for example, somewhere around a 25%, 30% kind of a 
contribution, right. After the contribution you have your fixed OpEx 
and you come down to your EBITDA levels. So if the sales is down 
by, say, Rs. 3 crores, Rs. 4 crores, you would have lost almost Rs. 1 
crore approximately in terms of contribution, your fixed OpEx being 
the same. And, hence, you see a slight impact on the EBITDA 
margins. 
 
But otherwise from a gross margin perspective, yes, we have an 
increase in the gross margins. 
 
Ankur: 
Got it. And on the next question is on the two brands that we have 
added, what is our expectation in terms of revenue for this year from 
those two brands? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See the brand launches, we are assuming that we will see the brand 
launches happening basically in Q3, right? And, hence, they'll have a 
revenue impact of about five to six months. We're expecting that we'll 
be able to launch it before Diwali. Anything before than that is a 
healthy welcome. But, yes, we will start seeing sales impact from Q3. 
So let me put it in this way that we expect that the current business in 
itself will grow by say 20% and 10% – 20%, 22%, the rest 8% further 
is going to come from these two brands. 
 
Ankur: 
Got it. And, sir, as in you also discussed about it earlier, we are in this 
range Rs. 40 crore to Rs. 45 crore revenue for last three quarters. So 
can we expect material jump from the Q1, because Q1 is generally a 
strong quarter, if I look at VIP and Safari? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. So I can safely say that April has been a good month for us. May 
is also going strong. So let's see, I'll not be able to probably comment 
on the quarter figures, but yes, as I said that we are very, very 
confident of delivering more than 30% kind of a growth this year, 
which we should be able to achieve. 
 
Ankur: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Ankur. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Ankur. We'll take the next question from Rizwan. Riswan, 
you can unmute. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Hi. Good morning, Abhinav. How are you? And really thanks to you 
and the team for having such good numbers and executing it so in a 
very wow way. Thanks to you the team on the ground as well. 
Abhinav, my first question is on the brands, the UCB and Aeropostale 
to understand what is basically as I remember, we have taken this 
license agreement few months back, UCB in the last quarter and 
Aeropostale before that. So as the revenue are going to come in Q3, so 
what's the cycle after the agreement alignment? What's the cycle? Just 
to understand and how it goes here? So we have an understanding in 
future also for the brands which are coming in. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So whenever you sign a brand, see all the work, we start the work on 
the product development only post the agreement is signed, right, 
because it involves a lot of resources, efforts in developing the entire 
product. So, hence, we wait till the time we've signed the agreement. 
So once the formal agreement is signed, we start the product 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
development. Typically, if you will see, you take about 45 to 60 days, 
or at least roughly 45 days, 1.5 months for the design deck to be ready 
for the first launch. It's shown to the brand. They discuss approval, 
non-approvals, all of that happens. 
 
Then we get into sampling, because it is the first time that you're 
making the samples. Every small little thing, there'll be a mold 
opening. So to make one logo a mold is opened So this typically takes 
a little longer for the first time. And then once the samples are 
approved, then you get into production. So net-net, if you will see, this 
is a seven to nine month kind of a process ideally. Before, once you 
sign and from there to products hitting the retail shelf, it's about seven 
to nine months, depending on how the entire progression has gone. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
So, currently will the UCB or the Aeropostale brands hit the stores 
earlier, which one is on a better stage than the other? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So UCB, I think, no. I think, Aeropostale would be the first one to hit. 
And see, as I said, by now, I think it would have been evident. I 
always – I don't go boasting about a lot of things, but hopefully 
Aeropostale we'll start seeing some effect in Q2 itself. But I still have 
my fingers crossed, till the time we see the final peak production 
sample, if everything is fine, gone ahead. So we've already proceeded 
with certain orders in Aeropostale and we'll start seeing something 
hopefully in Q2 itself, so Aeropostale will hit first and then followed 
by UCB. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Any other new brands coming during the calendar year or the fiscal 
year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It is my wish list, Rizwan, that I sign at least two more brands within 
this financial year. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Okay. Another one, we were looking for store expansions in the next 
two, three years, and as I remember it is around 15 to 18 stores this 
year, if I remember it correctly? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. Yes. Ideally, I would like to hit the 50 store mark by the end of 
this year. But still we have taken a guidance of about 15 to 18 stores 
by March end, or the investor presentation is containing 30 stores. As 
we speak, we are already 33 stores. We have opened three stores 
within the past 1.5 months. So we are opening stores. So, hopefully, 
we'll be anywhere between 45 to 50 stores by the end of this year. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Okay. Another question, Abhinav, is regarding as we are expanding, 
we are bringing in the new brands. So isn't it that our efficiency will 
improve so the EBITDA and PAT should improve other than being at 
the same level, because we will be utilizing our, let’s say, all the 
resources; the store resources, the staff resources and et cetera? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, by now I think whoever has been tracking the company or 
interacting with me, by now you would have understood that we have 
a very, very strong financial management system in place, right. And 
for me, the bottom line in fact I should say, I tell my team also that the 
formula for profit for me, profit is equal to cash surplus. So we are 
very, very financially prudent. 
 
If you will see our data management, the cycle management has gone 
far better, right, even vis-à-vis the competition or if you track the 
competition when they were at our size they were not even breaking 
even. They were probably making losses or just about breaking even, 
whereas we developed delivering more than 6% of PAT, right. There 
is some effect of DTL, DTA also which is impacted. So if you talk 
about more from the PBT perspective, yes, we are or EBITDA 
perspective we are delivering about 13% of EBITDA, right. 
 
With the high growth we'll be expanding into a lot of sectors, we'll be 
putting in a lot of – this year we've allocated a good amount of budget 
towards marketing. We are looking at signing a few probably for 
Bagline, our e-commerce platform also and our stores also. If you're 
looking at putting some money behind those activities, looking at 
celebrity tie-ups, all of that right, which will fuel this entire growth. 
Also, when you sign up a new brand initially for two to three seasons, 
it takes a little time for that brand to settle down. 
 
So considering all of this chasing a high growth and I would want to 
beat my own guidance of 30%. So considering all of this, my guidance 
would be that I will do all of this still keeping the financials intact, the 
health intact, we've gone very, very strong. If I talk about from debtors 
of 108 days last year, now we are at 61 days stock, while the stock 
levels have in terms of actual cost, if you will see, it has increased, 
obviously to fuel the demand. But from number of days, if you will 
see, from 176, we've come down to 132. Our creditors from 110 days, 
actually we've reduced them to 67 days. So, hence, our suppliers are 
very, very happy working with us. 
 
Our current ratios improved from we are at a 1.39 kind of a current 
ratio. Debt equity ratio is 0.9. Working capital rotation is 3.86, right. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
So we have a very keen eye on our bottom line on our financials. So, 
hence, we will not compromise on that. But, yes, as a guidance, I 
would like to give that we will maintain these levels going forward. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
If I may ask one more question regarding the stores opening, as we 
discussed during the last calls, that there would be some, say, funding 
required to finance this, it will be internal and some through QIP. So is 
there any thought process now or development on this from your side? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, yes, I had mentioned that and it is still in contemplation, but as I 
said, that very, very prudent with any money that we take and spend 
here. So if there is no need of money If we are able to generate on our 
own, why to raise So we are still contemplating depending on, yes, 
there will be certain investments this year, which will be towards 
manufacturing. So we are getting into manufacturing. We are getting 
into a hard luggage manufacturing facility of our own. We've got the 
land allocated already. We are in the process of talking to various 
equipment suppliers in negotiations of that, creating the factory layout 
and everything. So that would be definitely an investment. 
 
And, hence, considering all of this once and it will be pretty soon in 
the next week or 10 days, I think we should have our final answer. 
And according to that, if we require, we will be going ahead with 
raising certain amount. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
So this gives one more question. Please allow me to continue with this 
question. If we have this overseas as the same promoter, so are we not 
thinking to utilize this as a merger, and instead of going for plant 
development or factory development? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We are looking at merging both the companies. The final decision has 
also come and the decision is that we would merge both the 
companies. So we would be starting the process pretty soon. But you 
will not see any impact in this year, because the effective merger date 
would be 1st of April 2024, because it will take that much of time. 
And only because of this merger and getting the entire know how of 
manufacturing or the entire team of manufacturing in house is when 
we've been able to take this decision of moving ahead with a hard 
luggage manufacturing plant. So all of this would come under that 
team, we already have a very experienced team which handles 
manufacturing. Yes, so the plans for mergers is on. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Great. Thank you so much, Abhinav. And, again, pleasure speaking 
with you. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, Rizwan. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Rizwan. We'll take the next question from Jatinder Agarwal. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Hi, good afternoon. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Good afternoon. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
I have only a few questions and they are all related to the industry 
actually, right. So we understand that the Travel Gear market is about 
Rs. 10,000 odd crores, right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, sir. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Sorry? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
It’s much higher. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Exactly. So the question that I have for you is so you have three 
brands today, Tommy Hilfiger, UCB and Aeropostale. What is the 
size of the market that you're catering for each of these brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So if I see all the three categories that we are available in, which is 
Travel Gear, Small Leather Goods and Women Handbags, which 
again as I said, is known as the travel bags and accessories market. 
Pre-COVID, according to a Euromonitor report, it was somewhere 
around close to Rs. 24,000 crores. There was a recent Economic 
Times report, which pegged this market to somewhere close to Rs. 
50,000 crores, right. Now, we'll have to check the latest Euromonitor 
to see what the market size exactly is. It's a huge market. 
 
So the point being whether it is Rs. 25,000 crores or whether it is Rs. 
50,000 crores, it is a huge, huge market. Now, the beauty of this is that 
the organized market is about Rs. 5,000 crores to Rs. 6,000 crores, 
right. Rest everything is unorganized. What it speaks is the potential 
of this market for the next 15 years also is going to be amazing, right. 
Because you can't have such a large unorganized, it has to – 
everything will eventually start getting more organized. Correct? 
 
So catering to that kind of a market from individual brands perspective 
also, if you talk about whether even if it will be a luxury segment 
which is top of the pyramid. So LV does a business of some Rs. 400 
crores in India from four stores. So there's no dearth of market size, 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
it's just that how soon well the market gets more and more organized, 
more retail doors open, more malls open, yeah. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
No, my question is exactly, so if the organized – at least the Travel 
Gear is Rs. 5,000 crores, Rs. 6,000 crores, which is the total organized 
market, right? And obviously you are competing in this organized 
segment, right, with all these three brands. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
So TH, in this Rs. 5,000 crores, Rs. 6,000 crores of Travel Gear is 
positioned in which is it in this Rs. 500 crores, Rs. 600 crores market 
or is it like Rs. 1,000 crore market where TH can look to gain market 
share? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, TH would be in that – sorry, so now I get your question. So very 
good question. Yes. So TH would be in that Rs. 500 crore, Rs. 700 
crore market. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Okay, perfect. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
UCB would be in that larger pie, which is at least, I think, Rs. 2,000 
crores, Rs. 2,500 crores, which is the mass medium category. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Medium category, okay. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. And the mass is another – so Rs, 3,000 crores more than 50% is 
mass, where right now we don't have a brand offering. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
So Aeropostale and UCB will be positioned in this Rs. 2,000 crores, 
Rs. 2,500 crores? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Perfect. And my second question is, again, very similar to this 
question in the Small Leather Goods segment. Perfect. So can we have 
the same breakup for TH and UCB, Aeropostale? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, sadly, Jatinder, for Small Leather Goods, there is no such 
syndicated study. So I can comment more from an overall market 
perspective, because, see, leather industry in India is huge, right? But 
it also captures manufacturing, which is the biggest segment, lot of 
exports happen. So there's no syndicated study to say – and, generally 
they club it with the handbags, so it becomes bags and accessories. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
But if you see Tommy Hilfiger in terms of Small Leather Goods, we 
are market leaders in all the channels that we operate in. So whether it 
is Shoppers Stop, whether it is Lifestyle, we are the number one brand. 
And we are positioned as a premium brand, right? So there we are as it 
is market leaders. 
 
The second level is your mass premium where you have players like 
Titan has entered into that segment. Louis Philippe is obviously into 
that segment. A lot of these brands are there into that segment. And, 
hence, UCB comes more at that price point, that price segment. So, 
again, I would say the overall market size is again very, very big, but 
if I have to say about organize. I think it would be – I wouldn't want to 
actually, say, because syndicated studying, so commenting on the 
exact figure, whether it is Rs. 500 crores, whether it is Rs. 1,000 
crores. It’s a little difficult. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Okay. Perfect. And so my next question is actually related to what are 
your thoughts in terms of exactly the numbers in terms of like Rs. 100 
crore-revenue in four years. But in terms of the business strategy, how 
do we see this business, say, three years, five years down the line? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, from a business strategy point of view, if you will see generally I 
like to say this that we are very much like Titan Industries. And the 
reason I say this is because till late 1990s, watches was just a 
timekeeping device. I think I've mentioned this example time and, 
again, it was just a timekeeping device. And the son used to get a 
worn HMT from his dad that used to be watches, right? And then 
Titan enters, brings in new brands, goes ahead, brings in certain 
international brands, takes licenses, opens multi-brand outlets, and 
watches becomes a fashion accessory rather than just a timekeeping 
device. 
 
And similar is what I expect our industry, these bags and accessories 
market to become. It cannot be a play of just two or three brands. 
There'll be multiple brands. If you see west, we go to the U.S., you go 
to Europe at every price point. Even in Travel Gear, you will have lot 
of brands, lot of fashion brands doing luggage, Travel Gear. People 
want to – We Indians, we are getting more and more fashion 
conscious. We want to the aspiration levels in the country are rising, 
income levels are rising. We're talking about an $8 trillion economy. 
All of this is going to give more money in the hands of consumers. So, 
if I may ask you, Jatinder, what's your age? 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
I'm like 48. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
All right. So probably you would have already seen the life you've 
made a lot of money and everything. But if you ask your son if he's 
travelling, if he is going abroad, for example, for studies and if you 
ask your son that what bag would you want to buy? You're getting a 
Tommy Hilfiger for Rs. 10,000 and you're getting a VIP or an 
American Tourist for Rs. 7,000. What will his choice be? 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Got it. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
You know, sir, you now break it down even to the masses, to the 
student category. The guy has to carry a backpack to his college, to his 
school. Would he want to carry a traditional old luggage brand or 
would he want to carry a fashion brand, right? He would want to carry 
a fashion brand or a sports brand. He'll carry a Nike. He'll carry 
Adidas or [Technical Difficulty] Yeah, the price point is very 
different. You get your regular this thing for $1,000 $1,200, Tommy, 
you will get it for some $3,000. So the switch is very difficult. But 
with the Benetton, the switch becomes easy. So we will continue to 
grow. We will become a house of brands and we will continue to 
operate in the fashion space even five years down the line. So from 
Rs. 500 crores, we'll be looking at Rs. 2,000 crore. But the premise 
will not change. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Perfect. And my last question is more related to, again, the thought 
process behind building the business, right? So what we understand 
from companies that are standalone into Travel Gear and luggage is 
that that the USB is both handling the brand and the manufacturing, 
right? So you control the full value chain and eventually that works 
very well. Would you differ from that over a period of time? Would 
you then look to launch your own brands and make it really material 
or just stay with outsourced brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We will launch our own brand as well. And I've said this earlier also 
that I feel there is – but the own brand also does not only come from – 
if a company thinks that, oh, you know what we need to have our own 
brand, that's not the right strategy. For the namesake of coming with 
our own brand, we want to launch the brand, no. If there is a gap that 
we are able to identify in the market that, yes, there is a gap where this 
brand can sit or we can cater to this gap in the consumers, for the 
consumers with a particular brand offering, why not? We would want 
to do that. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
But as I said, it's not that we are – I've always said that we are always 
going to be a house of brands. We'll have our focus always on 
licensing. We will have multiple brands. We will not be a single brand 
player. And another aspect that I love to experiment, but I will never 
bet my shirt on over an experiment, right. So we are financially very, 
very prudent and, hence, burning and building a brand is something 
that just doesn't... 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Philosophically. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, philosophically, I never believed in that that you burn and build. 
So we're not in that game. 
 
Jatinder Agarwal: 
Perfect. I think that is very helpful. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Jatinder. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Jatinder. We'll take the next question from Krishna. Krishna 
Bahirwani, you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Krishna Bahirwani: 
Hi, Abhinav. So I wanted to get a sense on what your sourcing is 
going to be like both next financial year and the financial year after 
that. You had spoken last time a little bit about getting into the hard 
luggage manufacturing. Now, you've spoken a little bit about the 
merger. You had also spoken about reducing your dependency on 
China, bringing it down somewhere close to 5% to 10%. So I wanted 
to understand how the sourcing is going to look going forward? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, if you will see, we are on the same path as I had mentioned 
earlier. We continue to work with certain Indian suppliers very, very 
closely for developing the local strength, so that our dependence from 
China is comes down. However, yes, China still is there. I had spoken 
about that. Yes, we are contemplating about our own manufacturing. 
And today I've confirmed that, yes, we are going ahead. We have the 
land allocated. We are going ahead and setting up the hard luggage 
manufacturing. We are merging the company. 
 
So, I think, we are in line on what I've been saying. And, hopefully, 
we've seen a lot of changes also happening in India when it comes to 
luggage and Travel Gear manufacturing. Lot of component 
manufacturing is getting set up, and it feels very good to see that we 
are coming of it. Nashik has developed as a proper hub in all of this. 
So now the wheels, trolleys, everything is getting developed in India. 
And, hence, this is the right time to sort of enter into the 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
manufacturing, because manufacturing entails two broad things; one is 
obviously the know-how and how you make the bags. 
 
But more importantly, in making a bag, unlike a shirt where the 
components are less. In a bag, there are multiple components, one bag 
includes 36 components, right, from trolley to zippers to pullers to 
rivets to this, to that. And India was a little weak when it came to 
component manufacturing. And, hence, a lot of people were dependent 
on importing the components. But Touchwood, now we're seeing a 
very healthy change over there. And, hence, it's the right time for us to 
enter this. 
 
Krishna Bahirwani: 
I also wanted to understand from this going into manufacturing, which 
area do you feel like this is going to benefit us the most? Is this going 
to benefit us more in terms of quality control? Is it going to benefit us 
more in design and product differentiation or supply chain security or 
costing or a mix of all of them? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Actually all four of them. For sure, bringing it in-house once the plant 
is completely running up and well it is going to give a boost to our 
EBITDA margins, because the margins that you are leaving with the 
third-party manufacturer, obviously you're capturing those margins. 
So it's going to bring goodness in terms of margins. It gives us a 
leeway to designs, to development differentiating the product we'll be 
able to control. So no matter how many NDAs you sign with various 
different factories, with fashion brands.So coming from our own – 
once we start having our own, this thing is going to benefit over there 
in product differentiation and, of course, our quality control is going to 
get better right from the process of inline to pre-production, to post-
production, everything. 
 
So, in fact, this is a year where we are also setting up a new 
department in our organization, which is known as the quality 
assurance department. So while we already had quality control, but 
now we're taking it one step further and we're creating like a quality 
assurance department where, again, as I said, from end-to-end. So 
from raw material to production, to post-production QC, to customer 
service, all of this entire thing will come under this one department, 
which is a quality assurance department. 
 
We've started international warranty on our bags. You might ask that, 
how can you give international warranty if you don't have stores 
internationally? We figured out a very, very simple way, so if your 
bag is broken for whatever reasons you won’t keep searching for a 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
store So we have come up with a very simple QR code based quality, 
international warranty. You just scan the QR code on the bag, it'll take 
you to the quality assurance page, and we immediately – you just 
upload the picture of your broken bag, and we credit you $100 
immediately. Please go ahead, find whatever next store that you see, 
buy a bag, give us the bill, we'll reimburse that to you up to $100. So 
you have a very stress free travel. So these are certain aspects which – 
a lot of these small little aspects is what differentiates a brand from a 
basic product. 
 
So we're working on all levels, right, from improving the product 
quality to giving a quality assurance also to our consumers. 
 
Krishna Bahirwani: 
That's amazing. I'm really, really glad to hear and looking forward to 
one by one replacing all my pieces of luggage with Tommy luggage. I 
also wanted to ask you about brand positioning, because you've done a 
good job of explaining it in the presentation about how these brands 
are normally positioned. But I also want to understand in the mind of 
the consumer, who may know these three are brands, but they may not 
know that Tommy is a much higher brand. They may figure that out 
looking at the price. But how are you communicating this to the 
customer? 
 
And second, when you target brands going forward, you said you're 
targeting two brands this financial year. What segment of the market 
are they going to be in? Are they going to be with Tommy, or are they 
going to be closer to UCB and Benetton? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay, so answering your first question, see, somebody who is not 
aware about Tommy Hilfiger's positioning, to be honest, no offense to 
that person, but he's probably not my target audience. See, fashion, I 
keep saying this always, it's a one way street, Krishna. So if you wear 
Peter England, when your income will grow, you'll move to a Louis 
Philippe and Allen Solly. From Allen Solly, you'll go to a Louis 
Philippe. From Louis Philippe, you'll move to a Tommy Hilfiger. 
From Tommy, you'll move to a HUGO BOSS. Until unless you've 
really done so bad of spoiling your entire wealth, you will never go 
back, right. It's the aspirations which keep rising. 
 
So, today, people who aspire to wear a Tommy Hilfiger are the people 
who are my target audience. Now, a person who is a Peter England 
guy, I'm sorry to say this, but the brand is an exclusive brand, it's not 
an inclusive brand, right. So, hence, that person is not my target 
audience, right. When it comes to a brand like Benetton, these brands 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
are more inclusive brands rather than being exclusive brand. So 
Benetton price point will always be a more affordable price point. So I 
hope I've answered your first question. 
 
Now, moving on to the second question on the two brands – sorry, so 
you had also asked about communication. So communication, again, 
will go synonymous with the brand positioning and the brand strategy. 
So for Tommy Hilfiger kind of a brand, you don't need to paint the 
town red, right. These brands thrive on exclusivity. So we would be 
taking some celebrity route this year. But, again, will we come up with 
a full blown TV campaign? No, we will not, right. The brand doesn't 
require that. So it will be more digital medium, yes. With a brand like 
Benetton, yes, we have the opportunity of going all out. 
 
But at the same time, we are a licensing company, we are not here or 
I'm not here to build Tommy Hilfiger as a brand or build Benetton as a 
brand. Hello, why am I paying you royalty for? Your brand is already 
built, right. I need to build you in my categories. So my marketing 
spend will never be the tune of that I am spending 8-10% of my 
revenue on marketing will never be that, right. So I hope I have 
answered your question. 
 
On the brand that we want to take, I really want to take one brand in 
the bridge to luxury segment. Whether we get it or not is another 
question. But I would love to have a brand in the bridge to luxury 
segment, which goes a little higher than Tommy. Why? Because 
volumes might not be initially very great, but I think India is now the 
right time, we poised for the bridge to luxury and the luxury segment 
exploding in the next five years. So I want to be on that wave now. 
 
Five years back, if somebody would have asked me, I would have said 
that, no, I'm not going to touch that. I'm going to stop at premium. But 
now I can say this with utmost confidence that India is now ready for 
these brands. And, hence, I would love to have one brand in that 
bridge to luxury segment. 
 
The second brand, again, would be in that mass premium kind of a 
space which we would want. It will just have a little different design 
sensibility, a little different pricing sensibility. It will be one notch 
further. What I would want is that it has to be one notch lower than 
UCB as well in terms of price points, not in terms of brand 
perseverance, but from the price point perspective, one notch lower 
than UCB. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
Krishna Bahirwani: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Krishna. We’ll take the next question from Rupesh. Rupesh, 
you can unmute and ask your questions. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Hello, sir, thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, and 
congratulations on fantastic set of numbers. You can hear me, right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, absolutely. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yeah. So I'm going to pick up on I'm going to continue the last 
participant's question. So can you give me what were the ads spends in 
FY23? And maybe if you can split that into how much were on the 
licensed brands and how much was on the own brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So own brand, I don't think there was hardly any spend tags and some 
POSM, tags it would hardly be anything. In terms of total marketing, 
we spent about Rs. 3 odd crores, Rs. 3.13 crores to be precise on 
marketing. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And like you said, right, I mean, TH is already a brand, UCB is 
already a brand. So this number, can I expect it to remain in this kind 
of range, 1%, 2% kind of range? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. Right now it is about 2% odd. You can expect that we will put 
in some more money in terms of marketing going forward. But it's still 
going to remain under 5%. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
I mean 5% seems like a large number, right? When you are licensing 
the well established brands, can you please explain that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So we are looking at putting in some bit of money towards Bagline, 
right, which is our own store format. And now Bagline is a multi-
brand outlet. Incidentally, it will carry all of our brands. So it will be a 
dual prong strategy, where you advertise or you put in money on 
Bagline. And in Bagline, we don't have a brand by Bagline, right. So 
what are we going to advertise in Bagline? We're going to advertise or 
we’re going to market all of our brands in Bagline. So, hence, that's 
where we're going to be deploying some funds for marketing. But 
even for next year, if I say maximum, I said that you can take it that 
will be under 5%. But next year also, our budget is going to be 
between 3% to 4%, not more than that. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And sir, can you indicate what would be the royalty we paid in 
FY23? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, I've been under contract or an NDA, which is signed with all 
these brands. I'll not be able to give you the exact percentages of 
various brands, but in terms of the entire license fee that we had paid 
for the entire year, it was close to about Rs. 16 crores, Rs. 17 crores. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Rs. 16 crore, Rs. 17 crore. Okay. And can you maybe split your 
sales between licensed brand and your brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Sir, Tommy contributed to about 80% to 83% of our overall sales. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. I see. And this Tommy Hilfiger... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
And some further sales would have come from the discontinued brand 
like AND, Global desi Now, I don't think we are left with any further 
stocks of that. So that would amount to be about another 2%, 3%, 4%. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Tommy Hilfiger renewal, I think deadline is December 2023. 
So can you just maybe talk about where we are in that process? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We've closed all the negotiations and we've already received the 
contract. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Perfect.  
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Is there a significant change in royalty rates or is it similar to 
the past? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Let me say similar to the past, won't be able to comment too much 
onto it. I think a lot of you guys went to Arvind, because think similar 
calls. And then I got a call here, why are you divulging all the 
numbers? And I said, okay. But, yes, as I had mentioned earlier also, 
our partnership is strong. We've always been an integral part of their 
strategy and it continues to show. So the draft agreement is already 
with us. Hopefully pretty soon, once I sign, you will see the 
notification on the exchange. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay, I see. And so then now coming to two channels, so first is 
online. So what are our margins in, let's say, online versus offline? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
That is question number one. And if you can also give split between 
Myntra and Amazon, and maybe other players. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So margins, obviously, in terms of the e-commerce business, the 
margins are slightly better. So I would say, again, I'll take the example 
of that contribution grid So almost the difference between online and 
offline would be in terms of – it would be close to about 4% in terms 
of contribution, where the contribution percentage is slightly better 
online. Channel wise sales we've already sort of given in the entire 
investor presentation. 
 
But to answer your question on Myntra, yes, Myntra continues to be 
our largest partner. They are almost close to 40% of our online 
business, between 35% to 40% of our online business. And we 
continue to focus more on Myntra, primarily for the reason that they 
are the number one fashion platform in the country versus Amazon 
and Flipkart, which are more horizontal platforms. We have now seen 
a very, very good traction coming on even TATA CLiQ Luxury, 
TATA CLiQ, for that matter. Amazon also has been growing very 
steadily for us. So I hope I’ve answered your questions. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Yeah, sir, definitely. So, I mean, I don't understand e-commerce 
business all that well, but maybe can you talk about what is our 
penetration kind of in these channels and how that penetration can 
grow? Or are there some low hanging fruits, some good Tier 2 cities 
where probably we're not serving today that will grow some segments, 
maybe shipping times will reduce? I mean, I don't understand this, but 
in general, how is our penetration and how will that grow? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So e-commerce for us is so internally, we again classify it in B2B and 
B2C. So a B2B is where I build to a Myntra, or I build to an Amazon, 
and then Myntra builds it or Amazon builds it to the end consumer A 
B2C is operating our own marketplace. So during COVID we sowed 
these seeds, where we started developing our own marketplace 
operation. And today, I'm actually very, very happy to share this that 
of our overall revenue, almost 16%, 17% of our overall sales this year 
has come from the marketplace, which gives us a much better control 
over the entire product discounting and everything. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Is it Bigline, sir? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. So Bagline is separate. Bagline also Touchwood has started 
giving, throwing up good numbers. And this year, we’re going to put a 
little thrust on our baglineindia.com as well. We've already started 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
touching about Rs. 13 lakh, Rs. 15 lakh monthly sales. So it's 
equivalent to a Tier 1 of EBO, right? And Touchwood, again, we are 
profitable there, because we've not spent too much money on that. But 
not Bagline, the marketplace that I was talking about is so we have a 
Seller Flex of Myntra in our own warehouse. We have a Seller Flex of 
Amazon in our own warehouse. Flipkart all of these places. So we 
directly sell from these platforms from our mother warehouse, Indore, 
to the end consumer directly through these platforms. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, A, my go to market time is very less. The moment I have a stock 
in my warehouse, it goes online; B, I get this customer data, right, 
Servicing directly to these end consumers; C, my margin intake is a 
little better even than B2B; D, my entire inventory goes live. So it is a 
much better effective utilization of the inventory. So these sales has 
been increasing and, hence, in one of the questions I had answered that 
my selling distribution costs have gone up a little bit is because of 
these sales. It has gone up a little bit. 
 
But our overall margin take also on these sales are better. So this has 
been increasing very good for us, almost close to 30% of overall 
online sales, more than 30% is now coming from this. So next year, in 
fact, I believe that we've taken a much higher target from our own 
marketplace sales. And we'll see this percentage growing. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
But I mean, you still – can you maybe talk about penetration and any 
low hanging fruits? Maybe you can define penetration. Maybe I don't 
know how to define it. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So our penetration, the low hanging fruit, if you will talk about, will 
come from if everything goes well, Touchwood will come from 
something like a brand like Aeropostale. It's an online first brand. 
Currently, even in online we are not able to cater to a lot of lower 
price segments. We are not present in those lower price segments with 
brands. 
 
So with UCB and Aeropostale, the moment we enter that lower price 
segment, today Tommy is premium. In fact, we've discontinued a few 
channels and big channels. I would not like to take their names, 
because they have done over discounting. So we've stopped supplies. 
Had I supplied and everything, the revenue would have been even 
higher. But this is where we protect the brand for a long-term. If you 
start milking the brand today either you will lose the license, because 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
the licenser will say that what are you doing? You're taking my brand 
to the dogs? Or the brand will become a discounted brand. 
 
So, hence, we do a lot of control. So for lower price point with these 
new brands coming in, we enter the lower price point segment and that 
should unlock a lot of value for us. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. But at contribution level, these lower brands will still be okay, 
similar to company average? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, contribution from these brands will obviously be lower. They will 
not have a higher contribution as Tommy Hilfiger. But as I said, 
EBITDA margins are going to remain same, because even at a lower 
contribution, you don't have all the same expenses. You're not going 
to double up your expenses in proportion to these brand sales, right. 
So while the contribution or the gross margin would be lower, let's 
talk, from the gross margin perspective. The gross margin would be 
lower, but that's where I feel that EBITDA levels are going to remain 
more or less in the same region. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yeah, I was asking about contribution margin only, sir. I got my 
answer. And then, sir, one, I mean, I am looking at Slide 8 of your 
presentation and you have 30: 8 our stores; and 22 franchise operator 
stores; so 30 stores. And the sales between these two is roughly only 
10%, which is Rs. 16 crore, Rs. 17 crore. That number sounds low to 
me. And even if you take this 30 to 50, I'm not able to understand the 
impact of taking that 30 to 50, so maybe if you can explain that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So if you see bulk of the stores out of 30 stores, if 8 are only 
company owned. It means it's less than 30% of the store. So more than 
70% of the store is franchisee owned, franchisee operated, where the 
revenue capturing happens at my billing, which is at the wholesale. 
And there is a franchisee margin plus GST. So retail is slightly almost 
double or probably slightly higher. It's almost double of the wholesale. 
So if you see 10%, 12% contribution coming, so Rs. 16 crores, Rs. 18 
crores of sales was So I think the franchisee stores would be doing 
almost Rs. 12 crores, Rs. 13 crores into two that's the retail sales. 
 
So from 22 stores, if we are able to generate Rs. 24 crores of sales, on 
an average, one store is more than Rs. 1 crore, right. And these stores 
are such 300, 400 square feet stores. So from the SSPD perspective, if 
you will see they are brilliant, we would probably beat all the industry 
averages. So, yes, now coming from the perspective key here, how 
much of a difference will it make from 30 stores to 50 stores? Not 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
much. We'll add another Rs. 20 odd crores or whatever, or Rs. 15 
crores, Rs. 16 crores in our wholesale top-line, whereas the other 
categories will also keep start growing. 
 
But again, as I said, I am not the one who will come and say that, oh, 
this year we'll open 50 stores. And then two years down the line, I'll 
come back and say that we are closing 20 stores out of the 50 stores 
that we had opened. We want to go steady, I want to take good 
locations, I really want to do an airport store this year, which should 
give us very good mileage not only in terms of visibility, but also in 
terms of sales. So, yes, we'll keep growing strong, but in fact, it's very 
good that we have a very distributed sort of wheel. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Sir, but then the question comes is you are talking about 30%, 
35% growth for many years, three, four, five years. I don't know if you 
said 20% maybe existing sales and 15% maybe will be from the newer 
brands. So for this 20% online piece, I sort of understand that we have 
this marketplace Bagline India and other places and online will grow 
and penetration will grow. But in this offline all these formats, right, 
for distribution franchise stores, large format stores. If you can give 
some numbers that how dealer distribution network is growing or 
large format store penetration is growing that I can get some 
confidence that 20% growth will come on the existing brands. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, so to be very honest, we are very under penetrated only 30 
stores are – VIP had, I think, 500 stores Samsonite had at one point of 
time again close to 400, 500 stores. We will keep growing that whole 
pie or this growth is not only in EBOs but in distribution as well. So 
we today have about eight master distributors and, in totality, putting 
all the distributors in place 22 distributors. I can go up to 35, 40 
distributors easily. A lot of market penetration is still pending. South 
is still almost a virgin territory coming to the large format stores we 
are a preferred partner with them. Shoppers is growing, Lifestyle is 
growing. Reliance has now taken up central. They are continuing to 
grow. So as and when they are growing, our stores with them are 
increasing to growth  
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So if you could formalise this for consumptions of investor like what 
is the opportunity and how much we will grow in dealer distribution 
and how much we will grow in large format store ...that will be very 
helpful to track that, because that is kind of like a leading indicator. 
And then my final question, sir, is working capital may amazing 
improvement. If macro trends hold and competition doesn't go crazy. I 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
hope this kind of working capital cycle will continue or improve 
upon? Is can I assume that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. Yes. We are very, very prudent. See, given take a few things here 
and there, but more or less we're going to be on this track. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
The improvement is quite marked, sir. That is why I'm asking if you 
see historical data for five years FY23 major working capital may or 
cash flow generation may improvement. Why that is very significant? 
Can I assume now that this is the baseline? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Don't penalize me for a good performance. 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We will be prudent and you will - I'm not a marvadi by cause, but I've 
become one. So when we... 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
I got my answer, sir. Yeah. Thank you so much for answering all the 
questions, sir. And best of luck. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Rupesh. Due to restriction of time, we’ll take the last question 
from Naysar. Naysar, you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yeah, thanks. Hi Abhinav, I hope you're doing well and your amazing 
journey in the last 6, 12 months. So congratulations on that. Couple of 
questions. One is can you just talk about the mix between segments, 
now you have between your Travel Gear, Small Leather and backpack 
women's, et cetera? And with the new brands over the next two years, 
how should this change? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, you said – sorry, there was a little this thing in the... 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Sorry, I was asking for the mix of between segments, so between 
Travel Gear, Small Leather Goods. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
The sales mix, right? 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yeah. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, if you'll see which was SLG for us is our largest, and it has 
done about 46% is SLG. Let me just refer to the exact numbers. Yeah. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
So about 46% is SLG, 43% is Travel Gear. And if I talk about women 
wallets and handbags, Women Handbags & Accessories as a category, 
it's about 11%. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
[Quarter denser], how do you see this changing, say, next year with 
the new brands you have, with the focus on Bagline and all that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So Travel Gear is definitely going to increase, is what I feel, followed 
by Women Handbags, we don't have any formidable brand till now 
over there. And Benetton and Aeropostale in both the brands, we have 
taken Women Handbags as a category for us. So that is going to get a 
boost. We're going to see that percentage rising. 
 
So, net-net, if you see over a long period, if you ask me, I see Travel 
Gear being anywhere between 40% to 50%, Small Leather Goods 
coming down to about almost 30%, 35%, and the balance being 
contributed by the Women Handbags category. That would be the mix 
probably going forward, three, four years down the line. That's the 
kind of mix that we would probably we’re seeing. I hope I answered 
your question. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. Yes. And, sir, are you planning to get up any women focused 
brands only? Like is that... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. There are a couple of brands which are in touch with us. There is 
a brand which I'm actually finding it quite exciting as well. So we are 
in touch. We are contemplating, should we bring that – t's a good 
brand, it's a beautiful brand. So internal discussions are on, we're 
trying to evaluate. See, as I said, this is the most difficult part, I've 
always said, we'll take time. The brand has to have all the ticks in 
place. We don't take it. Otherwise, I get brand proposals almost every 
week.But I don't want to just go signing brand as left, right and centre. 
For us, it has always been more nos than yeses. 
 
So, hence, we want to be very, very sure of which brands that we 
choose. So it's a beautiful brand, exciting brand. Let's see if the overall 
team, all of us, feel they agree to our price positioning in the market. 
All that happens, then probably we might look at it. It is a women 
centric brand. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And in terms of the new brands that you have TH, obviously 
their own stores contribute significantly. So for the... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, just 10% of our overall sales. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. So for the new brands, it'll be the similar format where in their 
stores also we'll get space and all that. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. Yes. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
And for the LFS, sir, you mentioned that – can you give a sense of 
how many Shoppers and Lifestyle stores you are in to-date? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think barring their tail 10 stores. So Shoppers, we are there in about 
80, 85 stores, more than that probably, 80, 85 stores. Lifestyle, we are 
there in about almost close to 65, 70 stores. So barring that bottom 10 
stores, see, we are the market leader over there. So we are there, this is 
with the SLG with Small Leather Goods. Travel Gear, yes, the store 
count is lower. So Travel Gear in Shoppers Stop, we are roughly about 
35, 40 odd stores. So, yes, we have a potential of growing further. 
Lifestyle, we just have one or two stores in Travel Gear. So this year 
there is a major push that is going to come on Lifestyle from Travel 
Gear perspective. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
And for the other brands that we have, can we just put – if we want to 
do a UCB, can we just put it in these 80 stores or for that you need to 
do like a separate? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, you do a separate agreement and all of that. But we've already 
initiated the talks and thankfully our partners, all these large format 
stores have shown a lot of confidence. And we would be entering 
Shoppers, Lifestyle, Centro, all these guys with UCB? 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So basically this year UCB Arrow Posture will come across these and 
even Travel Gear should increase in more stores, right? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Sir, last two questions on receivables. Obviously, you've made 
great improvement. Can you just give a sense of how much of your 
billing is direct secondary versus you do the primary wholesale 
billing? So except for DND and FOFO is around 20%, 22%, do you 
do any other billing which is at a wholesale primary level or it's all 
end retail? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, it's all primary, sir. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Even at LFS level, we do primary? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. We build to Shoppers, we build to Lifestyle. So it's all at the 
primary level. In fact, hence, I always quote two figures, which is, one 
is the turnover that obviously we report, but we are a wholesale heavy 
model. And, hence, at retail, you just multiply this by two and you will 
understand that, okay, that's the size of the consumer business that 
we've been able to build. So this year we've crossed Rs. 325 crores. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So that's your end retail sales? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
That's my end retail sales. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Even online, it's all primary. Is it except for maybe marketplace? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Except for the marketplace, everything is primary. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
So are you looking trying to shift at least LFS or something to 
secondary or that's not possible? Or that's primary is the better route 
for you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, primary is a better route over there. Shifting to secondary might 
not be a very good idea in LFS, but yes, what we've decided is that 
going forward, all the top locations, so if it is an A plus location in 
terms of EBOs, we're going to be now opening COCOs, because we're 
seeing a fantastic return on investment. In fact, last year we opened 
Quest Kolkata. That store gave us the entire investment back in six, 
seven months. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Wow. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So all the top locations, A plus locations, we're going to invest into our 
own stores. We're going to open COCOs, Tier 2, Tier 3, all of this, 
we're going to take more of a franchisee route, where the local 
franchisee comes in handy to operate the store. So, one, you'll have 
certain direct billings coming from as and when we open these stores, 
Marketplace, we continue to grow. And, hence, you'll have a direct 
billing over there as well. These segments are not only – see, one thing 
is capturing the turnover. I'm not in the game to capture turnover for 
any particular means. 
 
As I said, I'm more concerned about [Hindi Language] [1:36:55] What 
we track is that, okay, this year we've done Rs. 325 crores at the retail 
level, right. So Rs. 325 crore worth of products have gone to the end 
consumer, right. And what is the bottom line contribution that you are 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
making out of them. But certain areas give you a certain channels give 
you a better control over the market. So, for example, the A plus 
locations now, if I'm getting a location in Select CITYWALK’s arcade 
in Delhi, I will do a COCO, right, because that's a flagship store. 
 
Similarly marketplace tomorrow – today Myntra, Amazon everybody 
has a particular mindset they're operating in a particular way. They're 
burning money. They're doing all of that. Tomorrow, you don't know, 
they're coming up with an IPO. They start saying, no, we will not 
discounting... 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yeah. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We don't know. So marketplace gives me the control, where I am in 
the driving seat, I am in the control. I am speaking to my end 
consumer directly, you are just via medium. So... 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yeah. So the channel margin of 50% in this, isn't that high? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So 50% when I say it includes GST. So GST in our case is 18%. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
But still, even 32% isn't that high? Shouldn't it be closer to like, 20%, 
25%? Like, at least all... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I would love that, Naysar, in fact, if you could accompany me in one 
of these meetings, I love it. With the new handbags and all they're 
asking, these guys are asking 38%, 36%. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Because apparel is closer to 20%, 25%, that is my... 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Gone are the days. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. And the last question on the manufacturing side. So what is the 
CapEx and what percentage would we do in-house? And the reverse 
merger that you spoke about like what entity is that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
That entity is IFF Overseas. Currently, if you'll see Brand Concepts 
would be about last year, I think, they closed at about Rs. 46 crores, 
Rs. 47 crores, and out of which Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 9 crores was 
supplies to Brand Concepts, so which is roughly 20%. 80% is still 
Samsonite, Safari, all these brands. 
 
Even with the merger, I believe that not immediately, but two years 
down the line, I see that 50% might be with us. We will occupy 50% 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q4&FY23 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
of their capacity. 50% will still continue to be contract manufacturing 
for other brands. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. And serve for our own manufacturing plant, CapEx and 
capacity? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, the CapEx for the hard luggage is going to come, including 
everything if I talk about. It's going to come to somewhere close to Rs. 
15 crores to Rs. 17 crores is the CapEx and not including land, 
because land is bigger, where we'll also set up soft luggage eventually. 
But yeah, hard luggage, if I may say. And it'll require about odd Rs. 4 
crores to Rs. 5 crores of working capital. So it's about a Rs. 20-odd-
crore project. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And we will manufacture what percentage between our 
company and this plant? What percentage [wheel access] [ph] 
manufacturer? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, if we are able to occupy 100%, we would love to do that. But I 
doubt immediately we'd be able to do that. But I'm sensing a huge 
opportunity when we travel internationally, when we go and meet a lot 
of these brands, and licensing guys, and travel partners abroad, and we 
see that there is a huge shift happening from China, and brands are 
very, very open looking at India as their manufacturing sourcing, this 
thing. So we would love to cater to that. So I would give it again a 50-
50 mix, Naysar, where 50% we would do in-house. And I would love 
to build a 50% sort of contract manufacturing over there. 
 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. And all the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Perfect. Thank you, Naysar. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thanks, Naysar. That was the last question for the day. And thank you 
to the management for giving us so much of time. And thank you to 
all the participants for being there on the call. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Perfect. All right. Thanks, everyone, for listening to me patiently. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. Bye-bye. 
 
