Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
May 31, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MOTHERSON 
Scrip Code : 517334 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of Investor Call      
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated May 26, 2023 informing about the audio recording of conference 
call with Investors on the financial results for the quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2023.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of aforesaid conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.motherson.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L34300MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
 
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed 
by ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2023.05.31 
13:00:00 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
(SAMIL) 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
(Unedited Transcript of the conference call held on 26th May 2023) 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal,  
Chairman  
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal,  
Director  
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital,  
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani,  
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Char Zawadzinski,  
CEO, Modules and Polymer Products Business Division  
 
Mr. Rajat Jain,  
COO, Vision Systems Business Division 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 2 of 8 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. And welcome to Samvardhana Motherson International 
Limited Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal, Chairman of the company. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Motherson Financial Year 2023 
Annual Results Presentation. I'm glad to announce SAMIL Board has approved the annual 
results and are happy to report another strong quarterly performance. 
Key highlights of our performance are: We have delivered a strong performance with the highest 
ever quarterly -- yearly gross revenues of INR89,000 crores. We are getting good support from 
our customers in sharing the inflationary cost structure. Lowest debt and leverage ratio of 1.4 in 
the past 6, 7 quarters. SAMIL Automotive business is nearly USD 70 billion or INR5.7 lakh 
crores. 
This is a reflection of our customer support and trust. Approximately 20% of this would be 
coming from the EV side. 7 strategic acquisitions in the past 14 months, potentially adding 40 
facilities, 8,000 employees and approximately USD 4.9 billion on gross and USD 1.1 billion net 
basis to the top line of the company post closure. 
I now hand over to Vaaman. He will take you forward. Thank you. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Thanks. Good evening to everyone. As you know, this has been the first full year of operations 
post our reorganization, and we have achieved the following strategic objectives. We've 
simplified the group structure by bringing all of the auto components and allied businesses under 
one umbrella. This has created alignment of interest of all the stakeholders. 
We've also created a strong platform for future growth with a well-diversified product portfolio, 
customers and our countries. The company has reported yet another stellar performance with the 
highest ever consolidated revenue of over INR78,700 crores. This is a 23% year-on-year growth. 
And correspondingly, the absolute EBITDA is also the highest at INR6,400 crores. Please note 
that the PAT has grown 3x against last year. For Q4, we have achieved another highest ever 
quarterly revenue of approximately INR 22,500 crores, representing an 11% quarter-on-quarter 
increase and a 30% growth on a year-on-year basis. 
Correspondingly, the absolute EBITDA is INR2,000 crores, with a 23% growth sequentially and 
61% growth on a Y-on-Y basis. Please note that the PAT of INR654 crores is up 5x of the same 

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 3 of 8 
 
year -- same quarter last year. The company has been able to deliver strong performance against 
the backdrop of elevated cost structure, higher wage pressure and the rising interest rate scenario. 
We would like to thank our customers for their trust and support as we continue to work with 
them in sharing of these inflationary cost structure. While majority of the discussions for FY '23 
have been concluded, the volatility and challenges in the business environment continues. And 
hence, these conversations will be a recurring one for next year as well. 
For the first time, we have highlighted our Automotive Booked business of nearly USD70 
billion. As a brief walk through, this stops up the SMRP BV Booked Business of about USD39.5 
billion, with other automotive business divisions such as Wiring Harness division, Lighting & 
Electronics, Elastomers etc. Out of the USD70 billion booked business, 20% is geared towards 
pure EV platforms. 
This is a very exciting future for us. On the industry side, the LV production in FY '23 clocked 
in at 83.5 million units, which stabilises supply chain. While there has been recovery in the year, 
we are still more than 20% behind pre-COVID levels in developed market and just about coming 
back to normal levels in emerging markets, including China and India. 
This could possibly imply that the downside risk in developed markets could be limited, and 
there still exists significant upside potential with growth coming in with normalization of 
production schedules and the trends of electrification. Thus, to cater to the existing and future 
demands for our customers, especially in higher growing emerging economies like India, we're 
planning to set up seven new greenfield, six of those will be in India; three for automotive and 
three for the non-automotive new businesses. 
In fact, you may want to note that our stand-alone business is already at the same size as MSWIL, 
which was demerged last year from SAMIL. Total India business including subsidiary is over 
INR15,000 crores in FY '22 and has grown at over 25% for the year. With this growth capex and 
purchase of related land and buildings, the capex for the next year is likely to increase to about 
INR3,000 crores plus/minus 10% as compared to INR2,200 crores this year. 
We also continue to focus on deleveraging. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio has further decreased 
from 1.8x in December 22 to 1.4x in March 23. And this creates enough balance sheet strength 
for us to embark in both, organic and inorganic growth. As the supply chain further normalizes, 
reduction in elevated working capital ensures that it deleverages. During the year, we completed 
seven acquisitions that will add to combined gross revenue of approximately USD 4.9 billion on 
gross basis and about USD 1.1 billion on a net basis. 
The full growth potential of all will be unlocked in coming times. It is important to note that all 
these transactions are expected to be cash EPS accretive cumulatively for the company. At the 
end, we would like to conclude that operational excellence, diversified business model, long-
standing customer relationships, having a strong balance sheet and experienced management 
have combined together to make SAMIL a strong platform for future growth and look forward 
to exciting journey ahead with all of you. 

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Thank you. And now we are open for question and answers. Moderator, please take over. 
Moderator 
We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Raghunandhan N. L. from Nuvama Institutional Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan N. L 
Congratulations, sir, on stellar numbers. And thank you for sharing order book details for both, 
the upcoming and ongoing programs in presentation. Sir, 3 questions. Firstly, as you mentioned 
in the opening remarks, global 4-wheelers are seeing an improvement in supply situation. And 
they are notably lower from the peak levels, which was seen in 2018-19. How are you seeing 
the ramp up in the near term on the 4-wheeler side in the developed markets? 
Secondly, energy costs have reduced, considering the current natural gas prices, which continue 
to correct, would you expect further margin benefits in coming quarters? And just lastly, on the 
order book details for both, upcoming and ongoing programs, what would be the average 
duration in terms of number of years we should consider by looking at upcoming orders and 
ongoing orders? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Thanks. Kunal, would you take this thing? And Vaaman, you can add up. 
Kunal Malani 
Sure. So Raghunandhan, I think on the 4-wheeler side, as you rightly pointed out and as Vaaman 
was mentioning, it is still around about 20% below pre-COVID levels in the developed world. 
With whatever production schedules that we have, we continue to see a bit of a ramp-up 
happening still. So we're not seeing any decline, etc, as yet. 
In fact, on an aggregate level for the year, we still expect that the industry is likely to grow. Now 
the growth pace is obviously going to get calibrated depending upon how the environment plays 
out. But overall, the downside risks of this is much less than the potential upside is the way we 
see it. On the energy price, while we have seen a sizable decline happen in this quarter and 
ongoing as well, we anticipate at least up till now that things are looking pretty static to where 
it was in the end of the previous quarter. It, however, remains at least 3, 3.5x higher than pre-
COVID level. So we are not out of the woods. And obviously, much of the geopolitical aspects 
will get played into it. 
The good part, however, is our conversations, I mean, with the efforts that the team has done to 
work with the customers, we've been able to share some of the elevated cost structures with the 
customers. And hence, that should aid well even if there is some amount of increased cost going 
forward. But overall, we expect that hopefully, the energy prices are not going to shoot up again 
going forward. 
On the duration of the order book side, the average duration is anywhere between 5 to 6 years. 
So that's the time span over which we expect this INR5.7 lakh crores order book to get delivered. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Not much to add over there. I think Kunal covered that it well. I would just like to say, I think 
as a group, we've all come to -- we are thinking that these elevated cost structure are there to 
stay. Really comparing them to pre-COVID levels is not the right comparison anymore. We are 
living in a new normal.  

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 5 of 8 
 
Moderator 
Sir, your audio is not coming clearly. 
Kunal Malani 
I think Vaaman was trying to mention that the cost structures that are there on an elevated level 
is potentially the new normal, and we have to work around our own business around this area. 
What has been hit effectively is the lower end of the market. The premium and SUVs continue 
to do well. 
And hence, our product mix is also aiding our growth. So maybe that's the reason why we are 
not seeing as much of a downside risk as maybe some of the other players are. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Absolutely. And also the order book being aligned towards the EV growth as well. I think that's 
really going to help there, new models that are coming up. Since we have a significant part of 
the new order book aligned to these EVs, we expect them to do well as well. So we should do 
better than what is the average expectation in the market. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe 
First question is with regard to the vision systems. If I were look to at your revenue momentum, 
it looks pretty impressive at 30% Q-o-Q versus your own presentation talking about the muted 
growth in the regions which you cater. So what is this driving 30% growth on Q-o-Q? Is it more 
new orders or the content per vehicle has gone up? If you can give more colour to be helpful and 
the sustainability of this momentum. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Rajat, you are there? 
Rajat Jain 
Yes, I am here. Thanks for the question. So primarily, again, I think it comes down to the fact 
that we are working with OEMs on premium models and SUVs, and that's the trend that we are 
playing on. And that's the segment which is still seeing good performance overall and growth. 
So bulk of that is coming from there. 
And also, as you would know, there is also a lot of contracts which have been renegotiated, and 
all the discussions been going on for some time. So that also is helping to then reflect in the top 
line growth. 
Pramod Amthe 
Okay. And the second question is with regard to the debt, working capital and interest cost. Even 
though it's impressive to see the net debt coming down by almost more 10%, the interest cost 
seems to be still elevated and usually moved up by 80%. So is it more the cost going up itself is 
still a reflection and is it a more sustainable interest cost on a quarterly basis? That's one. 
Second is, you are planning to substantially reduce the working capital requirement. So the 
reduction in net debt seems part of that? And what the extent of journey are covered in working 
capital reduction as the supplies improve? Or you feel there's more headroom available to cut 
your working capital? 
Kunal Malani 
So I think on the interest cost side, yes, things have obviously moved up on the interest rate side 
as some of our fixed rate instruments are getting refinanced into the newer instruments, yet the 
interest cost is going to move up. 

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Having said so, this quarter, there has been forex losses also that is embedded in the interest 
cost. Some of the corresponding gains have come on the top line side. So that's how it's been 
reported. From the perspective of debt, we do expect the deleveraging to continue on the organic 
side of the business. The working capital improvements are not out of the way completely. 
We are there some parts of the business has been able to do, but I think there is still a long 
journey to go. And as we go through this year and as more normalization happens through the 
year, I think we should be able to continuously deliver our -- I mean reduce our working capital 
going forward. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Amyn from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani 
Yes. One clarification and one question. Firstly, you mentioned that the cost pass-through 
discussions with the OEMs for FY '23 are already done. So does it mean that the impact of that 
is already being seen in the P&L? Or will you get these recoveries in the coming quarters? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Vaaman, you take this, and then Kunal will follow. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Sure. Yes. So FY '23, those ones have already been taken and been approved. Of course, because 
we are in a place where energy prices are moving around significantly and there's no visibility 
of how these things will play out other than what actually happens, these will be negotiated as 
we -- as we go down this year. 
So whatever was there for last year is already there and has been already reflecting in the 
numbers, and the discussion continues for how these pan out for the rest of this year. And these 
will be discussed at the end of the year. 
Amyn Pirani 
Okay. That's helpful. Secondly, on the investments and deleveraging, you mentioned that next 
year's capex is going to be higher, plus you will also have payouts for some of the acquisitions 
which were already announced in the last few quarters and which will be fully done in the next 
few quarters. So in that context, how should we think about the deleveraging cycle continuing 
next year? 
Kunal Malani 
I'll take that. Look, Amyn, I think you're going to view it from 2 different legs. On the organic 
side, the business will hopefully be doing better and better going ahead. And that implies that 
the profit generation, together with working capital reduction should be able to aid spending 
whatever that we have on the capex side, plus to also use some of the internal approvals for 
M&A. 
Then there is a whole host of M&As that we have anyway announced for which the payouts will 
happen in the ensuing year, and there is a large pipeline of M&As as well. So with what we have 
announced so far, I think we should still be within the 2x net debt-to-EBITDA levels. That's the 
way at least we see with the announced transactions. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 7 of 8 
 
Binay Singh 
I hope this is better. My question was on the order book slide. How do we tie this up, like could 
you share a little bit more about how you have done, the execution number, is it for the financial 
year? I assume that you are talking about. 
Secondly, like earlier, you used to disclose order book of around INR18 billion or so in SMRP 
BV that was outstanding order book that was for September. How has that number moved? 
So I'm just trying to sort of connect the order book numbers that you were disclosing earlier with 
what is there on this slide. 
Kunal Malani 
Okay. I think, first of all, this is not the order book number. This is the booked business. The 
booked business will combine both the orders which are not in production, which is what we 
call the order book as well as the business which is in production. And hence, this is what is 
going to get executed from this financial year, all the way over the next 5 to 6 financial years. 
If you look at the SMRP BV presentation, that would have the order book of both, the ones 
which is entity one, the ones which is the amount which is not under production, which is about 
21-odd billion and the ones which are under production, which is around about 18-odd billion. 
That gives you a little bit of understanding of what the new orders versus existing orders is. 
Binay Singh 
That is clear. I'll check that out. And secondly, when we talk about next 5 to 7 year execution 
cycle and what will be sort of a replacement orders versus new orders just to sort of see what 
exactly will be the incremental revenue from current base? Any rough numbers on that? 
Kunal Malani 
Back of the envelope calculation, we were to do your 70 billion over 5 to 6 years would anyway 
imply slightly more than 12-odd billion of revenues. 
Moderator 
Next question is from the line of Veda Bhardwaj, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Veda Bhardwaj 
Can you give me an idea about the capex investment that you have highlighted about -- of about 
INR3,000 crores, if I am not wrong. On what specific areas it will be invested and what will be 
the duration of this CAPEX? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Vaaman, you and Kunal can take this. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Sure. As you mentioned, this capex is going to go towards both, automotive and nonautomotive 
business. We're also expanding the facilities. We talked about 7 of them, 6 of them will be in 
India. And 3 of those will be in the automotive and 3 in nonautomotive side as we go towards 
our 2025 target and the diversification. 
These are the capexs that are related to orders that we have won, that we had to execute for the 
customers' new launches and the new programs that we are getting. As you can tell from the past 
calls, we've also talked about our expansion of doing acquisitions in Aerospace, how the order 
book has doubled over there. We are building new facilities in that as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
    Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
May 26th, 2023 
Page 8 of 8 
 
So as you can see is an overall growth capex that we are putting into place, and this should 
reflect, of course, higher growth in our top line as we move forward and these orders get executed 
at the time. Kunal, you want to add anything? 
Kunal Malani 
The only additional piece, unlike maybe some of our peers said, we do own our land and 
building. So our capex numbers include the investments we'll be doing on land and building side 
as well. 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal for closing 
comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We are all really excited. Even though the conditions all over 
the world are a little bit on the tougher side, but we believe we are in the right position. And we 
are really amply funded and all that. 
So we are very excited with the future, and -- as it is happening and opening up in front of us. 
The Board actually congratulated all the people in the company, almost 150,000 of them, 
thanked them that a great job was done under weight of circumstances. I wish you all a good 
weekend, and thank you all very much. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, 
punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of 
the company, viz., www.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the 
Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, 
financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, 
performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any 
person for any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document 
should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such 
other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
