 
August 17, 2023 
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code – 543714 
To, 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol – LANDMARK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds – 
pursuant to regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) 
 
Ref: Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated August 09, 2023. 
 
This is further to our letter dated August 09, 2023, wherein we had given advance intimation of 
the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Monday, August 14, 2023 with several 
Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds with respect to discussion on the Un-audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
In compliance with the SEBI LODR Regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Monday, August 14, 2023. 
 
We hereby further inform you that the aforesaid transcript is available on the Company’s 
website at: https://www.grouplandmark.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/Landmark-Cars-
Q1FY24-Transcript.pdf 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
For Landmark Cars Limited   
 
 
 
____________________ 
Mr. Amol Arvind Raje 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
(A19459) 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: Transcript of Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
AMOL 
ARVIND 
RAJE
Digitally signed by 
AMOL ARVIND RAJE 
Date: 2023.08.17 
18:59:05 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
―Landmark Cars Limited Q1 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call‖ 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on August 14th, 2023, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY THAKKER – PROMOTER & EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. ARYAMAN THAKKER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA AGARWAL – CFO, LANDMARK CARS 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MS. VISHAKHA MALIWAL – ICICI SECURITIES  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Landmark Cars Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectation of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‗*‘ then ‗0‘ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishakha Maliwal from ICICI Securities. Thank you 
and over to you ma‘am. 
Vishakha Maliwal: 
Thank you. Good morning to all the participants and thanks to the Senior Management of 
Landmark Cars for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
We have with us in the call the Senior Management of Landmark, represented by Mr. Sanjay 
Thakker – Promoter and Executive Chairman. Mr. Aryaman Thakker – Executive Director and 
Mr. Surendra Agarwal – CFO. 
I'd like to hand over the call to the senior management of Langmark Cars for the opening 
remarks. Over to you sir.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thank you for hosting us, ICICI team. You have been quite supportive since the beginning. Let 
me first thank all the people who have joined the call in the midst of the holiday season. I hope 
we don't have to repeat and spoil your holidays going ahead.  
The Indian economy as well as the customer sentiment remained buoyant in the first quarter. 
The Indian auto industry which grew at 27% last year further grew by 10% year-over-year in 
the first quarter. Now this is the most heartening fact as there was some fear about last year's 
demand being a pent-up demand due to COVID. This is really an important signal that the 
demand continues. Our OEMs somehow did not participate in this rally of the last quarter. But 
starting now I'm confident that we will not only catch up the lost ground but outperform the 
auto industry. The reason for my confidence are what I will talk about it going ahead.  
Let's talk about one by one, some of the OEs which did not participate as well as the industry 
and we will see what has happened to that. First start with Mercedes Benz, our largest partner. 
Mercedes Benz: the first quarter in this financial year grew at 8%. The company has guided 
strong double-digit growth for the whole year. This will make rest of the year much more 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
exciting. The introduction of the new GLC which is incidentally the global bestseller for 
Mercedes Benz has taken the luxury market in India also by storm. Bookings have crossed 
1,500 cars all India which was like last week and I'm sure these numbers would have gone up 
which translates to upwards of around 1,100 crores on ex-showroom price of sales and we 
being the largest partners for Mercedes Benz will clearly benefit by this and this shows the 
appetite for luxury cars in India. You may also recollect that 25% of the Mercedes Benz cars 
sold are now priced at more than 1.5 crores. Now this 1.5 crores includes the GST so I'm 
qualifying that and we have had a short supply of lot of top end models like the S class or the 
GLS and the Maybach and those supplies are also likely to improve starting this month and the 
next.  
Honda: for whom we are their largest partners and it has been our kind of a consistent 
performance. The new Elevate is showing all signs of being a blockbuster. The cars have 
started reaching the dealerships and the deliveries will start in the first week of September. 
Honda incidentally saw a 37% decline in sales in the first quarter when the industry was 
growing. So, we are hoping that the Honda volumes will more than double from the current 
levels from September onwards. The dispatches have already begun, the wholesales have 
already started, the cars are coming to the showrooms but the deliveries will start from 
September.  
I'm also happy to inform you that our MG Motor‘s operations have started in Madhya Pradesh, 
Indore and Bhopal. This happened two weeks back and it has taken only 50 days for us to start 
the operations from the time we took the LoI. So, the revenue of this will also start taking in 
immediately. We have also started receiving this month the BYD cars which were held up for 
clearance at the port for the last maybe around 2 or 2.5 months. Till the time the homologation 
certificate is received, I mean just to explain last call I had explained that there is a cap of 
2,500 units that the company is capped at. We are capped at 2,500 for the whole nation.  
So, this business till the time the homologation certificate is received, though it may come 
anytime cannot really say. This will be a nice and important but niche business for us because 
BYD as we all know is like the top manufacturer of EVs in the world and we are very happy 
that we have got the lag in over there already. The Jeep sales also saw a decline in the first half 
of the quarter and was really not so good and this happened because of the discontinuation of 
the petrol cars, which is what I had spoken to you last time. And this situation is likely to 
improve quite soon as the company is coming out with a cheaper 4X2 diesel version next 
month. We have been told by around 15th of September it will come and that is the price point 
at which the petrol version kind of exited. So, if we have it we are confident that the numbers 
will start picking up for Jeep also from next month.  
We also continue to engage with new and premium luxury car makers and we are likely and 
hopeful of penetrating with some of them soon to partner with new OEs is what I am talking 
about. The after-sales business continues to be the backbone of the business as it has been from 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
the beginning. Our focus on retaining and adding customers and enhancing the per repair order 
revenue is showing excellent results. This would not have happened without the customer-
centric approach which Landmark already has and the best dedication of our teams. Surendra 
will give you the granular details about the same.  
Currently our business model consists of two pillars sales and after sales. We are desirous of 
adding the third pillar. We are embarking upon a journey which no one else has embarked 
upon in India. The authorized dealers of OEMs today are focused on the exchange of old cars 
when they sell the new cars. It is generally treated as a necessary evil which is prone to 
leakages, blockage of capital and hardly any profit. The rest of the ecosystem consists of 
startups who are yet to make money and local brokers. The business model started by 
Landmark for preowned car consists of eliminating, procurement, marketing manpower and 
infrastructure cost and utilizing the existing resources for profitable business model. We seek 
to retain the customers in our own fold for a very long time and we have in our presentation 
given a diagram as to what we believe is a sustainable business model. Just to put some 
numbers to it though it, though it has grown from a low base at 65% in the first quarter, we 
believe that our internal target is to make it three times of what we did last year which will 
translate to upwards of 100 crores of revenue in this year alone, hopefully more and again 
significant jump the year after. TPG growth which was our marquee investor since 2015 fully 
exited the company as their fund life got over. We are extremely proud and happy about the 
quality of investors who don our cap table today, who believe in our long-term story.  
We as a company will focus on profitable industry beating growth and high ROCE business. I 
hand it over to Surendra for rest of his comments and then we'll take question and answers.  
Surendra Agarwal: 
Thank you Sanjay bhai, good morning, everyone and a warm welcome to one and all attending 
the earning call. Starting with some operational metrics before getting into the detailed 
financial number; in the last quarter our new cars pro forma Sale was around 744 crores across 
all our OEM partners, after Sale revenue was 190 crores. Over the past 9 years after-sales 
revenue has seen a growth of 20% CAGR year-on-year and we expect this growth trajectory to 
continue. A recent addition to our offering as mentioned by Sanjay bhai as well, the pre-owned 
car of our own brand; in the last quarter we sold car worth approximately 17 crores. The 
average selling price of car for the quarter has gone up from 15.6 lakh in Quarter 1 FY23 to 
19.1 lakh in Q1 FY24 showcasing a growth of 22% year-on-year. So, our average selling price 
of the car is continuously growing. This rise in ASP is on the back of higher sale of top end 
variant being sold and all-round price escalation as well. The average selling price of servicing 
cars for the quarter has gone up from Rs. 22,254 in Q1 FY23 to Rs. 24,314 showcasing a 
growth of 9% year-on-year. 
As highlighted in the previous earning call, there is a change in the Mercedes Benz sales model 
and thereby a like for like comparison we are continuing to report the pro forma revenue. Our 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
total pro forma revenue for the quarter stands at 934 crores as compared to 1,031 crores in 
same quarter of the previous year. This symbolizes a de-growth of 9.4% year-on-year. 
Sequentially the previous quarter pro forma revenue was 1,213 crores. Reported revenue for 
the quarter is 694 crores as compared to 800 crores in the same quarter of the previous year. In 
the previous quarter the reported revenue was Rs 853 crores.  
Moving to the profitability metrics: Our gross profit for the quarter stood at 143 crores as 
compared to 140 crores in this similar quarter of the previous year. Our gross profit is around 
15.3% on pro forma revenue. Our EBITDA for the quarter stood 46.7 crores as compared to 52 
in Q1 last quarter and Rs. 63.8 crores in the previous quarter. 
On the margin front we clocked an EBITDA margin 5% on pro forma revenue. The 
exceptional item reflecting in our P&L this year are linked to CAPEX write-off for shifting of 
Jeep small workshop to large workshop in Jeep Delhi. In this quarter we have also given cash 
PAT and the PAT as per IGAAP in our presentation. For the quarter cash PAT stands at 19.7 
crores, only Rs. 4.1 crores down as compared to previous year. Lastly the PAT for the quarter 
stands at 7.3 crores. This is for the previous year was 18.1 crores and Rs. 20.3 crores for the 
last quarter of the year gone by. 
With this I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Thakker before we open the floor for 
the questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take 
the question from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
I had three questions, so I will go one by one. My first question is on your cost structure. 
Having a lean cost structure in these times really helps but just wanted to understand as a sales-
oriented organization, are there any variable costs embedded in our employee expenses? One 
would assume the employee expenses to come down on a quarter-on-quarter basis and the 
sales were not happening. So, can you please throw some light on this aspect?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thanks. It was quite a smart question. Now our salary structure has a kind of a 40-60 kind of 
variable to fixed structure. People make incentives on the cars they sell. Also, it is there on 
servicing the revenue that they generate, the customer satisfaction that they get. So, there is a 
detailed matrix of our HR which is there. The issue with manpower is that there is also a dearth 
of trained manpower in the industry. So, it is a difficult situation to let go of people and rehire 
them. So, in a situation I'll give you the example of a Honda, just for no other reason but 
because we are there, the Elevate which has already come were not in a position to let go of 
manpower and rehire them. So, yes, there is an impact on sales aspect where the sales salaries 
are concerned as a percentage but this will normalize once the sale also normalizes.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Deepak Lalwani: 
So, the second question if you look at your service income, it's heartening to know that the past 
growth has been 20%. But if you look at the growth rates of this quarter, they are on the lower 
side 12%-13% and even if you look at the volume growth, it has been just 2%-3% in the 
services piece. So, if you can just give some sense here what is…? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, what happens typically is that there is also Deepak, seasonality which plays out over here. 
So, we are not really unduly worried about this aspect as of now. Just to give you an example, 
what happens is that during the monsoon season a lot of cars kind of get submerged in the 
water and they come for what we call the hydrostatic lock issues where maybe the engines 
need to be replaced or a significant amount of work needs to happen. Now because of the 
monsoons a lot of cars are standing in our workshop with higher belief, a Mercedes Benz cost 
may go to Rs. 20-30 lakh per car because a lot of work which happens. So, this also is bunched 
up. It is seasonal in nature and it will pick up. So, this is something which is how business 
trends and we believe that we are on course for what we think will happen.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
And sir on the pre-owned sales which you're talking about 100 crores this year, will you be 
making profits on this number and just wanted to understand which OEs are contributing to 
most of this 100 crores, if you can just give a broader split of this? Thirdly I just wanted to 
understand if the OEs are okay with us following this business model in the same outlet 
because it in a way could dilute their brand as well? So, just wanted your thoughts on this.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
This is again an important thing and since we came up with this business model it took us 
some time. For the last couple of years, we had been studying this whole aspect of pre-owned 
cars and were trying to figure out a win-win situation for everybody. Now I'll answer your last 
question first, whether the OEs will be okay or not. Oh yes, they are not only okay they are 
really supporting this whole endeavor and we hope that at some point they also can give a 
financial support, with one or the other OEs we are actually looking at that. The reason for that 
is that every OE wants the resale price of their product to be much higher than the competitor. 
Now if we are able to do that then it has a rub-off effect on the new car sales. So, this is 
something which the OEs are clearly okay and they are supporting this endeavor. That's the 
first answer.  
The second thing what you spoke about is which OEs are we going to go after. So, the higher 
value, Mercedes Benz is what we believe is in a way our low hanging fruit which actually 
there is a demand for reliable suppliers in the market. There is a demand but the guys who are 
selling are the local brokers who are not the most credible. There is also a question mark about 
them hiding their service history, the accident repair history. So, this is something which we 
believe in, the customers will be happy to pay higher margin buying from us which we will 
bundle and our model is a very unique model which our Mercedes team has thought of and this 
also to take out the leakages in the system. What we are doing is that we will not give the 
selling price to the customer. We will bundle it and make it into an EMI. So, we will play the 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
EMI upgrade kind of a game and we internally have much higher kind of ambitions and 
aspirations but for this call we have put a number of around 100 crores.  
The other question was whether we will make money or not. I don't think we will want to do 
any business without money. So, that is the prerequisite of what we do. We have an internal 
target, because otherwise we will be just like the other guys. We can show a huge amount of 
turnover without making any money and that's not what we will ever do. The thing is that our 
cost structures will be significantly lower. Same infrastructure, no marketing cost and the same 
trained manpower who will be selling and buying these cars.  
Deepak Lalwani: 
So, 100 crores would be the breakeven side or the breakeven would be at maybe a 50-60 
crores. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
There is nothing like a break even here. We will make money from car one because there is no 
additional cost. So, whatever we make will be a profit.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from BCMPL.  
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
This is regarding MG. So, MG have opened stores Indore and Bhopal. When I was doing a 
search for dealerships on the MG website, it came up that there is another dealer which is 
running the dealerships there called Hriday Cars Private Limited. So, what is the arrangement 
like there? Will you be acquiring them or will there be any other dealership because as far 
from what I understand the volumes are not that high to support to dealer? So, if you can just 
clarify that and also what is the expansion opportunity in MG given their strategy for India and 
in terms of timeline when potentially could you run incremental leadership for them? These 
two questions for MG.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thanks for pointing out that the website is not yet updated. We will take it up with the 
company and take down the name of Hriday Car immediately. So, that's actually the answer. 
What has happened is that one of the ways we could start the operations quickly was that we 
leased out the Hriday Car facilities as is and kind of took over all their assets and took many of 
their manpower on our roll and that's how we have been able to start our operations. That's the 
first answer. The thing that Landmark focuses on and which makes us stand apart is that 
wherever possible and I don't think this is going to continue forever but wherever possible we 
are the only dealers for the brands that we represent in the geography and if you see our map 
for example Volkswagen we are the only dealers in all of Gujarat and so on so forth. I don't 
want to go into the detail but that's the strategy to keep the margins intact.  
The second question is that how quickly and how much we will expand with them. We are 
waiting also for the outcome of what happens to either a Jindal or the Indian partner for them 
because that's the kind of a second leg of their growth in India which will happen. So, we are 
in active conversation with the company for more locations already and once this also gets 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
clear I think we will hit the ground running. You may have seen that MG Motors was one of 
the key manufacturers who has shown growth in the spurt. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
My second question is with regards to both Jeep and Renault. So, Jeep you did mention that 
the sales month on month drop could get arrested once the 4X2 Jeep model—which is a more 
affordable version—comes into play. So, I'll just ask the question anyway just to reconfirm, 
I'm on the same page. So, Jeep has actually been degrowing month on month and Renault as 
well. But I think partly Renault you have reduced your number of outlets, so some impact from 
there as well. As a sum Jeep plus Renault when do you expect your sales to bottom out sort of 
and start on a sort of growth trajectory? The reason I ask is from what I understand from public 
articles at least in NCR, 70% of Jeep sales were actually petrol because of the advanced 
regulations. This may not be the case in other cities. So, how do you sort of pray for the impact 
and then recover from that and when do you see organic growth starting both for Jeep and 
Renault? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, this is a very interesting and in depth question that you are asking. I will answer both of 
them. First let us take the Jeep matter. My sense is that the Jeep sales will bottom out this 
month and have an upward trajectory starting from September. You may know that outside of 
America, India is the only market where Jeep produces four models which is the Wrangler, the 
Grand Cherokee, Meridian and the Compass. There is a clear focus back on India. The 
management has changed of Jeep India and we have been in active discussions with them and 
I'm really hopeful that the Jeep numbers will start trending upwards starting next month. That 
is the confidence that I have and get back to maybe 800-900 units number by maybe October-
November. Now that at the average selling price of what it is, is a great business to be doing. 
As far as the NCR matter is concerned again you are right, diesel is not the most preferred fuel 
in NCR. What the company has done and this is where I'm saying that the focus is back. What 
they have done is that they've come up and tied up with one of the leasing companies which 
will be taking back the cars. So, there is a kind of a safety net like what Mercedes Benz has 
like a 50% residual value. I'm not sure on the percentage but that program has just got 
launched to give confidence people that even if they buy diesel, they are not necessarily going 
to be losing out. So, this is a proactive step which has happened and this will also hopefully 
mitigate the concerns of people in NCR, so this was one. As far as Renault is concerned yes, 
the investments are going to be coming in. The models have been announced but that is still 
1.5 years out. So, we have been reducing our footprint with them. But the good part is that the 
company has also offered and already extending financial support to us during this period. So, 
they don't want to lose us, we are already getting a big financial support and hopefully we will 
get more in the times to come to continue.  
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
I was comparing your presentation versus the last one and I noticed that the sales outlets for 
Volkswagen actually increased by around 6. So, have you opened any new outlets and what 
are those locations?  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, this is a strategy of Volkswagen and we will be inaugurating some of them this week and 
you'll see my photograph also in the newspapers this week for that. But they are low-cost 
outlets and the reason why we did not outlet kind of say it very loudly was that they are low 
cost outlets giving incremental sales in like Tier 3-4 places. For example, Anand in Gujarat or 
a Bardoli in Gujarat, I'm giving you some examples like that. So, those are not very capital 
intensive but will give some incremental sales volume.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Dipti Kothari from Kothari Securities.   
Dipti Kothari: 
My first question was that in one of the participants questions you mentioned that we will do 
bundling of EMI structures. So, is there any plan to get into NBFC policy?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Not currently we do not have any plans to become an NBFC ourselves. But to kind of answer 
your question there is a wide space in the industry where the leasing products are not done. 
Globally leasing is approximately 70%-75% of what the world buys. In India this number is 
2%-3% confined only to the corporates and the reason of this is that the banks are not allowed 
to lease and hold assets in their books. Over a period of time, we will try to learn the business. 
This may be one of the starting points when we do the used car. We are looking at Mercedes 
Benz which is clearly doing it. We are going to be talking to some NBFCs to basically see if 
they can tailor make this product on a risk sharing basis. The reason why I'm saying this is that 
there is a significantly higher margin that you get in white labeled products as compared to 
what you get it from the OEs or the pure vanilla thing and that is why landmark is where it is. 
So, we want to kind of push the envelope, think of some innovative ideas. We have done it 
with some extended warranties that we have designed ourselves, the Landmark Genuine 
Accessory line that we have started, the car-care products that we have got all India dealership 
for. So, we are kind of positioning ourselves that we have this customer base and which are the 
ecosystems which can be made meaningful businesses in their own right. So, that's the answer 
for your question.  
Dipti Kothari: 
Secondly just wanted to understand the size of the pre-owned business in the coming years.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, the pre-owned car market as we know is in unit terms bigger than the new car market. 
Nobody has been India been able to crack it profitably. We have seen a lot of startups come 
and go and we have seen a lot of kind of gas which is generated but nothing really happens. 
For us we are taking one step at a time. We believe that we have a good enough market for our 
pre-owned car market. We said around 100 crores that hopefully will become 200 crores in 2 
years‘ time and we will take it up from there. So, the issue is that we need to also learn this. 
We need to perfect the business model. What is our business model, our business model is 
workshop to showroom to back to workshop. Now that's the business model. So, we will have 
to align all our internal teams and we are confident of cracking it. Once we crack it the 
numbers can significantly grow from here.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Dipti Kothari: 
Lastly, I wanted to ask that there is a sharp rise in the ASP already. So, what is the expected 
rise further as we end the year?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Average selling price; the average selling price is a factor of what product mix we sell and one 
of the reasons why it has also gone up is that we have taken out the Renault part of the 
business from our thing which was there last year same quarter, a part of it, not all of it. We 
will see an average selling price increase in Honda with the Elevate coming. We are in a good 
zone. So, the price rise, the product mix will all determine this. It's difficult to put a number of 
which models will exactly sell how much. We are in a very comfortable zone. I don't think we 
will endeavor to kind of push it further unless the market conditions allow.  
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Harini Dedhia from Tamohara Investment 
Managers.   
Harini Dedhia: 
I have two questions. One is on Honda; I know we're preparing for the launch of Elevate which 
is why we've seen the current quarter, the Q1 numbers being a little softer. If you can just help 
me understand because the two models that we do sell through in Honda, they're not in the 
category of Elevate. So, why does an Elevate launch impact these volumes of City and Amaze 
so much? So, that was the first question. And the second one is on BYD, the government has 
made it pretty clear that they're not going to make it very easy for Chinese companies to come, 
set up, Indian manufacturing, invest directly here. So, is there any change in BYD's aggressive 
plans that they had for India in the EV passenger vehicle space or so far, they're still trying all 
their options, they're still keeping all routes open? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Let me answer the Honda question first. The Honda volumes did not go down because of 
Elevate coming or the expectation of Elevate coming. It went down also because the Jazz, the 
WRV and all the diesel models were discontinued in Jan to March quarter. So, from April we 
did not have 2 or 3 models that were selling last year. So, this was something which played a 
much higher role than the Elevate expectation. That's as regards the Honda, as regards BYD is 
concerned it is difficult to see how the government will react because sometimes it is political 
posturing, sometimes it is the election, difficult questions completely. The business model that 
is being followed right now is that they are getting the kits and the kits are assembled in a unit 
which is existing already because of their bus manufacturing unit that they have and the cars 
come to our dealerships. Now there is a cap of 2,500 cars which is a profitable business 
because the margins are very high and the demand for at least 2,500 cars is clearly there. The 
numbers will increase once the homologation happens. Then the 2,500 cars cap will go away 
but it will still have to come under the same either CKD or a CBU route. Now the price point 
at which it is being offered, there is still a headroom for these numbers to go up. I am really not 
in a position to comment on the manufacturing plant or when it will happen, how it will 
happen but the company as of now is holding to its stand that we are in India and we are not 
going to kind of go away. We will find a way with some Indian partner or thereabout.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from BCMPL. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Just one question; from March to June how has the working capital days movement been, I 
think the inventories was elevated in March? Has there been any cash release from there and 
was there a positive CFO in Q1 in case you can reveal that?  
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, working capital as our turnover is we measure in the percentage and days so as a 
percentage is around 8% to 9% in the turnover. In terms of days, it is around 40 days. Little 
increase happened in the Q1 being the sales volume low. But we are mindful, we will be 
getting back to 40 days in the coming quarter.  
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Any comments on the CFO, cash flow for operations?  
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, operation as Sanjay bhai already mentioned about the Q1 performance and we are hopeful 
to getting back in the coming quarter with the new launches. We are confident enough that we 
will hit the numbers what we are looking for.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Is that your question?  
Surendra Agarwal: 
Any comment on the overall operation. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
By the CFO?  
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
And if you can just comment if you have any numbers around GLC, like you said 1,500 was a 
number. Any idea how many you could sell potentially on pan India scale for how many 
Mercedes could sell and what kind of traction you are seeing?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, the GLC figure was published. We don't get all India figures like on a daily basis but when 
the car was launched the company management announced the potential of 1500 which more 
or less tallied with what we do around 16% of their sales. So, it kind of tied up with what 
bookings we had. It's only gone up from that. It's only been 4-5 days. Waiting for the rest of 
the models, high end models continues and the supply is likely to ease in the coming quarters.  
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Any numbers around pre bookings or bookings for Elevate that you are able to share?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, we are looking at, we are aiming that the car has come now. We are already at around 650 
or thereabouts and we believe that by the time the car is launched we will be sold out for 3 
months at least or maybe 4. That's the expectation that we have beginning of September.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thank you all for joining the call. It was in midst of the holiday season, so taking out time was 
really very heartening. As India goes into the next decade, the premiumization and luxury sales 
is clearly the theme. We are well positioned. We really can do a lot and we will kind of 
continue to do profitable high ROCE growth and that is what we will be focusing on. We will 
have and hit road bumps like the quarter which just went by. But we are not and I'm sure you 
will also not lose sight of the road ahead. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
