 
Classification: Internal Contains PII: No 
 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001.  
Scrip Code: 543398 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: LATENTVIEW 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   
Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 27, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on July 27, 2023, post announcement of financial results of the Company 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023.  
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.latentview.com/investor-relations/financial-results-reports/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
Thanking you, 
For Latent View Analytics Limited 
 
 
 _________________ 
 P. Srinivasan 
 Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
 
PARTHASAR
ATHY 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
PARTHASARATHY 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2023.08.02 
14:31:42 +05'30'

Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
“Latent View Analytics Limited 
Q1 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call”
July 27, 2023
MANAGEMENT:
MR. RAJAN SETHURAMAN, CEO
MR. RAJAN VENKATESAN, CFO
MODERATOR:
MS. ASHA GUPTA, E&Y LLP - INVESTOR RELATIONS                                

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Latent View Analytics Limited Q1 FY 
'24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from E&Y - Investor Relations. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am.
Asha Gupta:
Thank you, Zico. Good evening to all participants in this call. Welcome to the Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Call of Latent View Analytics Limited. The results and presentation have already 
been mailed to you and you can view them on the website www.latentview.com. In case 
anyone does not have a copy of press release or presentation or you are not in our mailing list, 
please do write to us and we will be happy to send you the same. 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have the CEO of the 
company, Rajan Sethuraman, whom we will be referring to as Rajan. And we also have the 
CFO of the company, Rajan Venkatesan, whom we will be referring to as Raj, to avoid the 
confusion while doing the transcript. We will be starting the call with a brief update of the 
quarter, which will be given by Rajan and then followed by the financials given by Raj. 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call that reflects any 
outlook for the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statements must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risk and uncertainties that we face. These risks and 
uncertainties are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed 
with the SEBI and subsequent annual report that you can find on our website. 
Having said that, I will now hand over the floor to Rajan. Over to you, Rajan.
Rajan Sethuraman:
Thank you, Asha, and thank you all for signing in for the first quarter's earnings call of this 
fiscal year. As Asha mentioned, I will share some business highlights and then I will pass it on 
to Raj to provide more details around the financials. 
First off, we are happy to be back on the growth track after a slightly sluggish quarter that we 
had towards the end of the last fiscal. In this quarter, we grew 4.7% quarter-on-quarter and 
23.1% on a year-on-year basis from a rupee standpoint and that kind of signals a bit of the 
back to the growth track. While I would say that this is still not as great as what we were doing 
in the last year, I think it still signals that the work that we are doing is resonating well with the 
client audience and we have been able to retain and actually grow incrementally on the book of 
work that we were doing for our clients in the last fiscal. 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
We also added quite a few new accounts to the list this year. Some of them have been shared 
as part of the press release that we have put out. Particularly happy that we are starting work 
with one of the large iconic quick service restaurants that everybody knows about. We had our 
first win in the European market since we started investing in Europe around the middle of last 
year and this is again one of the largest manufacturers of tires in the world and we have started 
working with them. We also had a very interesting piece of work that we won for one of the 
large two-wheeler manufacturers in India and I am particularly happy about that because it 
validates the strategies that we are taking into the Indian market where we are able to bring in 
quite a bit of the expertise that we have built servicing clients in the US to bear for the Indian 
market as well. However, I would need to add that many of the new wins that we have had 
have started off on a much smaller ticket size in comparison to what we have experienced in 
previous quarter and I think that is the reflector of the general macroeconomic scenario and the 
sentiment that we see. However, these are all high-quality accounts and we believe that the 
start that we have in this quarter will pave the way for expansion in the quarters to come as 
some of the uncertainty evolves. 
We were also fortunate that we had significant growth in many of our existing accounts so 
much so that two of our accounts have now crossed the $15 million per year run rate in terms 
of what we are clocking with that strong growth on the technology sector, we saw growth in 
CPG and we also saw growth with the logistics on the industrial side and many of these 
accounts are long-standing relationships and we are very happy that we are able to build on the 
relationship and bring in more value addition to the clients that we are working with. 
As we have exited the Q1, we do have a fairly strong pipeline that we are pursuing, and this 
pipeline includes conversations that we are having with many of our existing accounts for 
growth in those accounts and there is also a very good list of new logos that we are having 
conversations with where we expect that the closures will happen in the next few months and 
we will be able to see further uptick right through the remainder of the year. 
With all this, I would say that the quarter two, we will be able to show growth probably along 
the lines of what we have done in Q1, if not better. However, it remains to be seen how the rest 
of the year will pan out. 
In general, the market is still a little slow when it comes to decision making. Many of the 
clients who even have budgets at this point in time are still sitting on the fence when it comes 
to kicking off large initiatives and while they are ready to take on some small pilots, I believe 
that the commitments to the larger initiators will take a little bit more time. 
At this point, we are still optimistic that the second half of the year will pan out better in 
comparison to the first half of the year and potentially, we will start seeing some green shoots 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
towards the end of this quarter as client decision making improves in relation to the 
macroeconomic scenario. 
There are a few other highlights that we had in this quarter which I thought I will share. I have 
mentioned in the past that our go-to-market strategy is now predicated largely on the impactful 
value propositions that we are building. We saw really good traction on several of them. 
A few notable ones that I wanted to call out here, one is our on-shelf availability value 
proposition, which is part of our supply chain analytics practice. That is resonating really well 
with the CPG as well as Retail clients that we are having conversations with. 
Similarly, the multi-tier supplier visibility value proposition, MSV as we call it, that is also 
finding a lot of favor. Most organizations, whether they are in the automotive / industrial space 
or whether they are in technology device manufacturers, they are all still seeing a lot of 
disruption to their supply chain and the multi-tier supplier visibility value proposition provides 
a very integrated view of their extended suppliers supply chain. The component manufacturers 
and the suppliers and that is also resonating well. 
A third one that is really finding a lot of favor is what we call as One Customer View, which is 
a 360 degree customer view that can be made available for any organization that is interacting 
with either B2B or B2C customers which dramatically helps them improve the personalization 
that they can do and the offers that they are able to put in front of these customers. 
And finally, we have been building out capabilities around Generative AI. So, our smart search 
and our bird view value propositions are  resonating quite a bit. In fact, over the last year, there 
has been a very interesting use case that we have been implementing for one of the top device 
manufacturers in the US around how do you use customer sentiment and review analysis to 
identify the improvements that you can bring about in making parts available in predicting 
failure and in ensuring that the right inventory of parts is available right even before the device 
breaks down. So, we have been using generator and transformer models for a period of time to 
help solve these problems. 
At this point in time, there are quite a few conversations which are looking at leveraging 
Generative AI and large language models to analyze unstructured data especially around 
customer reviews and sentiment analysis and also around large volumes of unstructured text 
data that might be available with organizations either in form of legal contractual documents or 
process flows and documents or internal knowledge bases that they might have created. So, 
there is quite a bit of action happening on that front.
We also onboarded another senior member to our Advisory Council this quarter. He has been 
working with multiple CPG and Retail brands in the past and we believe that we can leverage 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
his expertise and experience in how we are shaping some of the work that we are going to be 
doing in that space.
From an addition to the bandwidth on the front end, we continue to make progress over the last 
quarter. I would say that at this point in time, we have made the investments that we intended 
to make on client servicing as well as on the sales side in the US as well as in Europe. 
In addition to that, we also onboarded quite a few people into an India based sales team that is 
focused on the US market and I think the combination of all of those investments means that 
we are well set up in terms of the bandwidth that we need to identify and pursue opportunities 
in the US as well as in Europe. These investments will pan out over the next several quarters, 
but at this point, I believe that we are adequately capacitated in terms of go-to-market 
bandwidth that is available. 
One other thing that I want to call out is that we were recognized as one of India's great mid-
sized workplaces by the Great Place to Work Institute. We came in at Rank 49 and we are 
particularly proud of this achievement given that we are largely a people-based business and it 
is a testament to the caliber of the people plus also the fact that they see themselves as very 
integral parts of how we are able to create the right kind of idea and value for our clients and 
we are able to monetize that in terms of our revenue and growth performance.
This quarter saw further moderation on the attrition front from a trail employment perspective, 
our attrition came down by almost 10% in comparison to where we were previous quarter. We 
have not had any incremental growth in terms of head count in this quarter which is largely 
because of the fact that he did have adequate capacity exiting the last quarter and we have been 
able to improve the utilization of the people that we had and the utilization increased the build 
count increased by as much as close to 4% and the utilization improved on account of that as 
well. 
We have now about 300 plus campus hires that we have in the winch. These are all offers that 
we have made in the last season and we have been engaging with those campus hires. Some of 
them have already been onboarded. We are expecting to onboard the remainder of the people 
as the demand scenario unfolds over the next few months. 
Finally, I would say that one important people initiative that we had this quarter was around 
launching a framework that will guide our employees to consider different career options and 
possibilities that they have within Latent View. So, this is aimed at bringing greater clarity on 
job roles and the career paths that are available for them and enabling them to have high 
quality career conversations with their managers, their peers and their L&D team and this will 
also help implement better decisions from a talent perspective and improve the engagement 
that we have with our employees. We work with an external partner for developing this 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
framework and this is very comprehensive in terms of the job roles and families and the kind 
of skill sets that are needed for people to be successful in their careers. So, we are expecting 
that employee engagement will improve on the back of that initiative. 
So, overall, I would say that it's been a good quarter for us in many ways. We believe that we 
are well set up for the remainder of the year. We will be watchful of the macroeconomic 
scenario in terms of how the demand unfolds and the decision making, especially with respect 
to some of the larger opportunities that are there in the pipeline and then we will calibrate any 
further investment decisions based on that. 
With that, I will hand it over to Raj, our CFO to give some additional insights on the 
financials. 
Rajan Venkatesan:
Thank you, Rajan. Good evening everyone, and welcome to our Q1 FY '24 Earnings Call. 
Talking about our quarterly performance, like Rajan mentioned, we are happy to be back on 
the growth trajectory. For the quarter ended June 30th, we are happy to report a 4.7% growth 
on a sequential basis and a 23% growth on a year-on-year basis. Obviously, you know, in 
terms of where we would have liked to be, that number should have been a little higher. But as 
elaborated earlier, the macroeconomic environment at this point in time means that there is a 
little bit of sluggishness that we are witnessing in closure of new deals and that is what in some 
sense has impacted the growth rate in this quarter. In dollar terms again, our growth rate was 
close to about 4.6%. So, pretty much the revenue growth that we see on a rupee basis is the 
same as the dollar revenue growth. 
In terms of what really drove this revenue growth, it's a combination of one, growth that was 
seen in some of our largest logos. Rajan spoke about the fact that there were two of our largest 
logos now at this point in time are well past the $15 million annualized revenue run rate mark 
and revenue growth in those two accounts were the key reasons why we were able to maintain 
a growth rate of 4.7% in Q1. But that apart, we have also seen a few marquee deal wins in Q1 
which we believe we have the ability to build on some of these wins. Although at this point in 
time, the initial contract value of some of these wins are smaller, the ability to mine these 
accounts and make them into larger accounts is definitely there and therefore, we are excited 
about some of the deal closures on the new logo side that we were able to accomplish in Q1.
The other income for the quarter stood at about Rs 17.9 crores witnessing an increase of about 
19% on a sequential basis and 83% on a year-on-year basis. The increase was primarily driven 
by higher investable surplus that we had generating comparably higher yields. Also increasing 
interest rate in both US and India where predominantly most of the surplus of this part also led 
to the growth in other income.

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
EBITDA for the quarter came in at about Rs 28.1 crores and the EBITDA margin was at 19%, 
thereby witnessing drop about 235 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. While we had 
positive movement on the revenue side which gave an EBITDA benefit of about 3.8%, this 
was the offset by higher payroll costs which was because of the impact of wage inflation in Q1 
where there were wage increments that were given to the tune of about 9% in India and 4% in 
the US. That was one of the main reasons why there was a bit of a dip in the EBITDA margins. 
The other one is also on account of the cyclical visa expense, which tends to be typically 
higher in Q1 and the impact of higher Visa spends was about 0.8% in Q1. If you were to 
exclude the cyclical sort of visa costs, our EBITDA margin for this quarter would have been 
close to about the 20% mark, which is in line with what we reported the last quarter. 
Of course, the investments that Rajan spoke about, a lot of those investments were made 
towards the middle of Q4, right. The people addition that we did and we are happy to report 
that most of the additions in terms of headcount are already in place, but the full-blown impact 
of all the additions that we did in Q4 was seen in Q1 of the current fiscal and that again had an 
impact. The hope is that these investments will play out and we will start seeing deal closures 
in the coming quarters which would unlock operating leverage for the business. 
In terms of the overall margin guidance itself, we had indicated that we will continue to keep 
the investment levels high because we believe that downturns or periods of uncertainty are the 
best time to invest in the frontend and build relationships because once the demand scenario 
comes back, it will be beneficial for us to have made these investments and we have seen this 
in the past down cycles where we actually paused the investments during a downturn and when 
demand came back, we didn't have sufficient people on the ground to drive deal closures. 
So, those are some of the lessons that we have learned from the past and we would definitely 
not slowdown in terms of investment. So, our margin for the next couple of quarters would 
also continue to be in the same range, but we do expect that H2 demand should come back and 
once that comes back, we will hope to end the year with the trajectory of between 23% to 25%. 
Our PAT for the quarter stood at Rs 32.9 crores, reflecting a growth of 4.4% on a year-on-year 
basis and a decline of 3.9% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. There is an impact of tax as well on 
our profits because the Chennai office which is located inside a Special Economic Zone, we 
have two facilities over here, SEZ 1 and SEZ 2. SEZ 1, we have lost direct tax benefits, the 10-
year period that you typically get as a part of being in the SEZ or located in the SEZ came to 
an end as of 31st March 2023 which has resulted in a slightly higher tax expense than the 
previous quarter. Of course, on the US side, the benefits from the ESOP exercise that we had 
from the last quarter continued in this quarter as well and we believe will continue for the rest 
of the year as well. In terms of the ETR, we expect the ETR to remain consistent for the next 
two to three quarters but maybe beginning of FY '25, we will see the ETR for the company 
inch back to the 25% or 26% mark. 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
In terms of the geographical split of the revenues, US continues to be the dominant geography 
contributing 96% of our overall revenues. Europe, where we made a significant investment, is 
still subscale. We want Europe to be between 5% to 8% by the end of FY '24 and our 
investments that we made are in line with the growth trajectory that we expect. 
Technology continues to be the largest vertical for us contributing 69.2% of our overall 
revenues, which is followed by Industrials and both these verticals witnessed fairly strong 
momentum in the current quarter. And industrials in specific, we are seeing a lot of green 
shoots and in terms of existing logos as well as new logos that we have won or deals that are 
there in the pipeline, Industrial at this point in time promises to be a fairly strong vertical for 
us. 
In terms of our balance sheet, our cash level for the current quarter stood at Rs 1,114 crores. 
The one other question that I am sure is on everyone's mind is in terms of M&A. We would 
like to update you that we have added people specifically in the corporate development or 
M&A team and these are people who come with a deep background in M&A. So, the intent is 
to try and increase the velocity of the work that we are doing on the M&A side. Even during 
the current quarter, there were several opportunities that we did evaluate, but we didn't proceed 
with any of them because of lack of fitment or  we didn't have cultural fitment in these cases 
and that's the reason why we were not able to consume any transaction, but the intent is to 
increase the velocity and accelerate our efforts on the M&A side. We hope to have some 
positive development by the end of the year on the M&A front. 
In terms of the head count, we closed the quarter with a headcount of 1,091. Like Rajan said, 
we will continue to invest in people. At this point in time, we have numbers close to about 300 
odd campus hires who we will look to onboard in a staggered manner over the next couple of 
quarters. 
With that, I would like to end the management presentation and hand it over to Asha for Q&A.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead with your question.
Mohit Jain:
Congrats! Strong comeback from last time. I have three questions. One is one high-tech client 
outlook. So, what are you guys hearing because you had good growth and the pipeline also 
seems to be better? So, how much of the environment in your business has changed versus last 
quarter? So, that is one. And then I have two follow-ups on the cost side. 
Rajan Sethuraman:
So, on a high-tech contract, this is our largest vertical. As I said earlier, we are already seeing 
signs of growth. We called out the two largest accounts that we have, where we have crossed 
the mark from a run rate. Both of them are high-tech clients and we have seen incremental 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
growth happening with these stakeholders that we are currently working with. We also added 
at least half a dozen new stakeholders in these accounts, but as I pointed out earlier, the 
projects that have been kicked off are slightly smaller in nature. 
I mean, we did have one win beyond that, but the others are kind of in the $200,000-$300,000 
range because they are just still testing out a few things, especially around concepts such as 
Generative AI. 
So, I would say that the tech environment is looking resilient for us at this point in time. 
However, I wouldn't call out that it's growing by leaps and bounds, as we would have expected 
it to. I believe that there is still some uncertainty and there are quite a few cats on the wall. We 
are expecting that some of that uncertainty will resolve over the next couple of quarters. There 
are at least two, three big opportunities that we have in the high-tech sector which could be in 
the million dollar range, right, in terms of overall size of the opportunity. So, optimistic 
cautiously at this time. We are still waiting for some other teams to come through, in a full-
blown fashion. 
Mohit Jain:
And when you say incremental business, this is like business as usual for you or is there a new 
service line or offering where you are seeing more growth compared to the regular part of the 
business?
Rajan Sethuraman:
Yes. So, within the tech sector, a lot of it is when I say incremental, it is basically additions to 
existing scope of work, expansion there and therefore, if we have, for example, a dozen 
statement of work that we are executing, in several of them, we would have seen additions of 
two, three people happening. And that is what is contributing to the increment. So, more in the 
nature of the work that we are currently doing. I think the big, exciting thing that everybody is 
really evaluating is around the whole Generative AI and large language models, right, the GPT 
stuff. So, there is a lot of excitement and interest. 
Quite a few pilots that are, today as we were having the Board meetings, we also held the 
second internal analytics convention, and this analytics convention that we had today was 
completely focused only on Generative AI and there are at least half a dozen teams that 
presented the options that piloting with their customers.. I did mention One Customer 
View.That is resonating well as well. So, there are a few focused conversations, but otherwise, 
the incremental growth is broad-based around the scope of work that we are doing from. 
Mohit Jain:
Raj, so investments in SG&A you spoke about and also shown in the PPT, from an head count 
addition perspective, are we done with it? Or do you think some bit of cost increases may 
come in second quarter as well? 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Rajan Venkatesan:
So, in terms of the SG&A, from an addition perspective we are talking of, Mohit, all of that is 
fully baked in. The current quarter has the full-blown cost of the investment on the front-end 
side, right? So, there, all of that cost is baked into the current quarter additions. 
Rajan Sethuraman:
So, any additions that we will have on the frontend capacity will only be replacements. I mean, 
of course, given that the go-to-market team is something that we will continuously evaluate, 
there will be opportunities where we can fine tune, but these will be backfills where necessary 
and not net new additions. 
Mohit Jain:
No, like what I meant to ask was that cost increases will now be slower compared to the 
revenue growth expectation that was there for the rest of the year. 
Rajan Sethuraman:
That is correct.  
Mohit Jain:
And this thing is also related. Now we don't get the split of gross margin versus SG&A. So, 
when you say this drop on account of people cost, is it fair to assume gross margin is more or 
less flattish for the quarter versus last quarter? Or do you think there would be some drop there 
and then some drop in SG&A on account of SG&A? 
Rajan Venkatesan:
So, not a substantial drop in gross margins. Of course, there is some impact of taxation on the 
gross margins in the current quarter.But to some extent, Rajan also spoke about improving 
utilization.So, that is something that we are focused on. In fact, in the current quarter, the 
reason why you don't see an addition in the headcount is because we also reviewed 
performance of people and there were maybe a few folks who werebased on performance 
were, you know, that there was some level of involuntary attrition in the company as well and 
so that also helped us improve our overall utilization for the quarter. So, the gross margin is 
not substantially different from what we reported in the last quarter, if that answers your 
question. 
Mohit Jain:
I think question is not there so to say the drop you are seeing is essentially investment rather 
than any other factor. 
Rajan Venkatesan:
Absolutely. 
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Utkarsh Katkoria from PGIM India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Katkoria:
Just a more long-term thought process, you know, just to understand where you see yourself or 
the company, say, three to five years down the line in terms of what is the sustainable growth 
rate or what is the sustainable EBITDA margin band? 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Rajan Sethuraman:
So, from a growth rate perspective, we have in the past indicated that we would want to be 
around 5% to 8% better than the industry growth rates and we are confident of that. I mean, 
you do see the bounce back that has happened in this quarter and we also talked about all the 
investments which we believe are the right kind of investments that need to be made whether 
in terms of capacity or the frontend or the very specific value propositions of the new 
generation technologies and I think we are well positioned for capitalizing on the industry 
growth rate and going beyond that, right, when the turnaround happens. 
From a margin standpoint, we did go ahead with investments ahead of the curve and we took a 
call that we will not slacken on these investments even though this macroeconomic downturn 
was happening and I think that will place us well when the turnaround starts materializing. So, 
while the current demand scenario means that these investments are a bit of a drag on the 
margin, I believe that the very same investments will give us better margins as things turn 
around. So, we are expecting that we will be back on the 25% kind of a trajectory by the end of 
the year assuming that the second half thus witnessed the turnaround from a macroeconomic 
standpoint, but otherwise, we believe that we have made the investments that are necessary and 
from here on, any further investments will be calibrated. So, we don't expect that there will be 
any margin dilution on account of that. From here on, you should see the trajectory improving 
to the 25% kind of a mark.
Utkarsh Katkoria:
I just had one more question. So, just to understand, you know, our deal size data we have, but 
typically, what is the tenure of these deals? How are you seeing the pricing environment 
currently and maybe over the longer term as well? And are the deals getting smaller? Or are 
they getting larger? 
Rajan Sethuraman:
The typical deal sizes that we were witnessing, three quarters back, right, or a year ago, they 
are all in the $600, $700 thousands kind of a range, and we did have quite a few closures 
which are even significantly larger. For example, last year, we had a $2 million win, right, on 
just one opportunity. So, if I kind of average out, we were doing somewhere in the $600,000, 
$700,000 per statement of work kind of a mark. 
What we have witnessed in the last two quarters is because of uncertainty, most new projects 
that get kicked off, they are smaller in size. I mean, even if there is some clarity in terms of the 
end state and the larger initiative, we see that clients are unwilling to stake everything at this 
point in time and therefore, they want to kick off something which is smaller, manageable, 
where they can show some improvement and then, potentially, follow it up with the larger 
initiative as external scenario improves as well. 
In the last couple of quarters, the deal sizes have fallen down to maybe the $214,000 kind of a 
mark, but from a long-term perspective, I believe that we will get back on the earlier trajectory. 
The deal sizes should improve even further. As analytics initiatives become larger and more 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
complex, we will see several million dollars plus initiatives, and that will also mean that the 
tenure of the initiatives will get longer, not just ones that get executed within 6-to-12-month 
time frame, but ones that go past the year mark. 
Many deals, especially in the data engineering, data platform kind of space will mean that the 
deals will be larger and complex and will need to be executed over a 24-month time frame, for 
example. So, we are expecting that the tenure of the deals will also go up in the coming years. 
Of course, some of this has to pan out and it will mean that the external environment has to be 
ready for that. But I would say that if you are asking me about a three year kind of a trajectory, 
I would imagine that the average deal size will inch up closer to $1 million kind of a range and 
the tenure will get longer than the 12 months that you are typically used to have. 
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from Alchemy Capital 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil:
And once again, a great comeback. And I just want to understand more about the revenue 
growth or the resurgence that you have seen sequentially after a tough quarter, a tough Q4. 
Now, you had highlighted in the conference call as well as the couple of media interviews that 
Q1 and maybe Q2 will sort of stay face off and by new means I would consider a 5% Q-on-Q 
increase for this quarter and possibly even the next quarter, you know. So, my presumption 
here is that, you know, things have changed quickly for us for the good against what we saw in 
Q4. So, what has really changed? And plus you are also indicating that our macro continues to 
remain strong. So, how should we join the dots here, sir, if you could just help me with that? 
Rajan Sethuraman:
The situation is getting better, but internally, when we talked within the organization, our 
expectations were even higher in terms of the turnaround that we could see in quarter one. It’s 
been a little slower than we wanted it to be or we expected it to be and that is just the reflection 
of the external uncertainty, the macro. I mean, I am sure that you are hearing commentary from 
other organizations as well. So, the sluggishness and the uncertainty continues to be there. 
Many people will look at analytics and consulting type of initiatives as discretionary. 
What is happening for us is that the work that we are doing is seen as very core, critical 
important so much so that as I mentioned earlier that all of the book of work that we had for 
the last year, that has all been renewed and we have also had some incremental growth. In 
many of these instances, the stakeholders that we were working with, the business sponsors 
and the stakeholders, they have seen their mandate and they have seen their own remit within 
their organizations increase as well in this uncertain environment. 
Of course, we have also had one or two instances where people have been rotated out or they 
have gone on larger roles and jobs, but for a vast majority of the people where they are 
continuing to play the role, their mandate has increased and their ambit has increased and that 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
is what is resulting in the incremental growth that I talked about. So, these stakeholders have 
slightly larger budgets or some rationalization has been done and they have been given the 
money to continue to spearhead what they are doing. That is resulting in some of the 
incremental growth that we are witnessing.
The other big thing I would say is the investment strategy itself. We did talk about all of the 
front-end investment that we have made and we have continued to support all of the 
investment and the client servicing and the growth team capacity with the right kind of backup 
from internal demand generation team, from marketing events and all of that. So, that is also 
paying some dividends. Of course, it is not exactly in line with the kind of investment. That's 
why I said that we have ended up front ending the investments and we believe that we should 
not take the foot of the pedal on that one because as the scenario unwinds, uncertainty 
unwinds, we believe that this investment will serve us even better. 
So, I would say it's a combination of those two things, working with the right stakeholders, 
their mandate and ambit increasing, which is providing us the incremental growth and the 
front-end investments and the support that we have been providing on the marketing and the 
events and the demand generation and the value proposition starting to yield early benefits. 
Of course, we are expecting that those investments will pan out even more in the coming 
quarters and when that happens, you will actually, I mean, we would then be back on the 
double 8% to 10% or 12% kind of a quarter-on-quarter growth trajectory. That is what we are 
pushing for in terms of the kind of investments that we are making. That is something that we 
expect will unfold, right, as the uncertainty is resolved. 
Vimal Gohil:
That 8% to 10% quarter-on-quarter is very encouraging. Thank you for that. Sir, my next 
question is a bit more industry-led and of course, related to you. Our core expertise of data 
engineering now which happens to be our largest piece, how do we make sure that we shield 
this particular service line against the disruption that comes with the Gen AI? I understand you 
are speaking about initiatives that you are taking, but what is the risk that your clients 
especially on the technology side will leverage Gen AI as a platform to engineer the data 
internally and probably, you will have to sort of look at other avenues? So, you know, any 
thoughts around this?
Rajan Sethuraman:
Sure. First, I will give you a little context. Data engineering work today roughly makes up 
about 20%, 23% of the work that we do. So, that is not the biggest chunk, but it is a very 
important and growing type of work, right, a component of work that we do. The bigger kind 
of work is in the diagnostic descriptive analytics, predictive prescriptive analytics and the 
consulting work, they make up the remaining 80, 75, 80 odd percentage of the work, but data 
engineering has grown for us significantly in the last couple of years and I expect that it will 
continue to grow as well.

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Vimal Gohil:
Sorry to interrupt, but even the Predictive Analytics that there could be some portion that could 
be, you know, get, that portion could get impacted because of the generative AI capabilities 
that it brings, that technology brings. This is overall basis. I mean, how do we shield ourselves, 
how do we keep ourselves more, more relevant and make sure that 8% to 12% sequential 
growth happens in background of the disruptions? 
Rajan Sethuraman:
So, interestingly, if you look at generative AI as a technology, right, and what it is capable of 
doing, the realm is largely in unstructured space.You would have heard about all this, the 
hallucination challenge, that generative AI technology has. It generates a lot of stuff. A lot of it 
is stuff that doesn't exist. It works great when you are on a creative quest or at least when you 
are on a so-called creative quest, but the moment you start talking about structured data and 
insight generations from structured data, there is a lot of hoops that you need to go through. 
In fact, today's Analytics Convention that we had, the focus was on those two different types 
of problems. How do you use generative AI to solve problems in the unstructured data 
domain? And how do you use generative AI, can you use generative AI to solve problems in 
the structured data? For example, if somebody has a sales database or if they have a supply 
chain database, can you use generative AI to come up with the kind of insights that may not be 
possible through classical, diagnostic descriptive, driver analysis and those kind of approaches 
that are available there? On that, the jury is still out. There is still quite a bit of proof that one 
needs to go through in order to come up with the right kind of insights and of course, that 
would be possible. 
So, the reason I am mentioning that is that in some sense, the whole concept of how do you 
apply generative AI when it comes to insight generation, which are factual database especially 
on structured data, it's a problem that people are still going through. Of course, you can use it 
for coming up with SQL queries and code bases and stuff like that, right, that you can quickly 
get started, but those things I believe will only help improve the productivity of the people that 
we have. They are not going to replace the kind of work that they do. It will help them do the 
work faster so that they can get onto the more challenging and complex problems, that need to 
be solved. 
At this moment, we are not seeing any evidence of the insight generation and the analysis work 
being replaced by the concept and the theory, that comes from the generative AI landscape. 
You should use that for particular kinds of analysis. I gave examples of customer sentiment 
and review analysis, right? That is where you can use Gen AI concepts and you can actually 
quickly change the, you know, reset the bar in terms of the kind of insights that are made 
available to you. 
Overall, if you ask me, as a philosophy, I think any new technology that is sufficiently 
disruptor like generative AI will mean that the level playing field will get reset. There will be a 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
higher bar that everybody now aspires to and they can easily get in place by using the 
technology, but that will only open up a lot more nuanced complexities and problem solving 
opportunities that are available. That is what we are witnessing at least in terms of the 
conversations that we are having. I don't think the growth rate that I talked about is under any 
threat because of the emergence of the new technology. On the contrary, I would argue that the 
new technologies will actually open up so much more vistas that will make the growth rates 
even more probable. 
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hitesh Malla from Steinberg India Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Malla:
My first question was on the Europe side. You know, we have been consistently winning deals 
and investing over there, but this quarter, there was a very sharp decline in revenues. I agree 
it's a subscale business for us, but an 85% drop in revenues sort of is concerning. So, can you 
just clarify what exactly happened there?
Rajan Sethuraman:
You are right. I would actually say that the entire Europe business is going through a reset 
phase at this time. The decline that you see is on account of a little fall off in revenue with one 
of our existing accounts, but to contextualize that, we had all of three accounts, right, in 
Europe which are generating revenue earlier and when you have such a small subscale 
operation, even a small change in the revenue that you have from one account will have a very 
big impact from a percentage standpoint. 
We have won the first new account in Europe and there are at least 40 conversations, that we 
are having and most of these are with really high quality accounts, clients and prospects. We 
are also leveraging the relationships that we have with the same accounts in the US and trying 
to look at how can we open up opportunities in the European market. Many of these accounts, 
especially in the technology space and also in the CPG space, have substantial European 
operations and we are having conversations with many of them. 
I would add that Europe in general stock market, to crack it takes a longer lead time to operate 
from the strength of the relationships that you are able to build. In this tough macro scenario, 
we are saying that it will take even longer. 
The good thing is that we have a good caliber team that is there in the market and that is what 
is driving the 40 odd conversations that I talked about. We also have a very strong advisor and 
a set of advisors that are helping us open doors and getting the right kind of connection. We 
haven't seen the kind of closures that we would have wanted to see so far. 
I think we still need to give a little bit more time especially given the macroeconomic 
environment. I am expecting that when I report back to all of you in a quarter of time, we 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
would have had at least two-three more wins on that bed, in Europe. I still don't know how big 
they will get within the next two-three quarters, but as Raj pointed out, the aspiration and the 
goal is that in a three-year time frame, Europe will contribute 10%, 15% of our revenue that is 
the trajectory and that is the kind of growth we want in the market as well.
Hitesh Malla:
And just one follow-up from my side. While the commentary in Technology and Industrial 
verticals is quite encouraging, there have been certain pockets like Retail, BFSI. and for that 
matter even like the non-top 20 client accounts which have seen very sluggish dollar revenue 
performance over the last four or five quarters, not just the last two quarters. So, just wanted to 
get some sense of what is happening with these pockets? What are you doing to address and 
like, you know, sort of kick start the growth in these pockets? 
Rajan Sethuraman:
You are absolutely right. I mean, BFSI and Retail were traditionally not a strong portion. We 
were quite underrepresented, in these verticals. By the time that we made the decision to make 
the investment and this is like about a year ago in some instances even putting track that we 
started bringing in the people, right, who could, that drive action. We started witnessing some 
of the external uncertainty. 
I mean, you bring in somebody in the start, he takes at least six months. However experienced 
that they might be in their domain, for them to come and assimilate the kind of value 
propositions and ideas that we have and what they can take to the table, it takes that kind of 
time. And by that time, they had done that integration and they had assimilated what we had to 
offer, we were already starting to witness the external uncertainty and BFSI and retail have 
been impacted significantly in terms of sluggishness around new initiative kickoff. That's kind 
of reflecting in what we are seeing. 
For the last several quarters we had such challenges, but BFSI, we did have some wins. I 
mentioned that out of the existing logos where we saw growth in this quarter, there were two 
important accounts that we had on the BFSI side and in both of them, we saw one strong 
comeback in terms of the total quantum of work that we are doing. We are expecting that we 
will continue to build on them. We are having conversations with two, three large banks and 
other logos as well at this time. We could see some conversion at least in the BFSI space in the 
next quarter. I think Retail might take a little longer. 
So, while the investments are being made, I think this current environment means that  the 
sales cycles are going to be a little longer. But again, there we have a few conversations that 
are currently underway. I am hoping that, we will have better results to share, on the Retail 
front in a quarter or two from now.
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sameer from ICICI Prudential AMC. Please 
go ahead. 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Sameer:
Raj, if you can just provide, you know, you have spoken about a consolidation exercise in one 
of our top lines last quarter. I am not sure if you have given an update. Can you just share an 
update of that, whether you have won this share of business or how is the progress? 
Rajan Venkatesan:
We are happy to report that with this client, which is our top five clients, after the two top 
accounts is actually the third largest account in the technology vertical, we have managed to 
renew our entire book of work with this particular account at the same rate as well. That is the 
first positive news. 
The second one is within the existing, groups, we were able to as a part of the consolidation 
that we spoke about, we have, been able to add a book of work which is on an annual basis 
close to about 800k. And then incrementally, there was one new group which is a part of the 
gaming business of this particular account where we were again able to win an additional 
SOW to the tune of about 700k. 
On an overall basis, this entire consolidation exercise that we spoke about has actually been 
beneficial for us. We have managed to regain a lot of lost ground in this particular account. We 
added close to about a million and a half in terms of the total order book with this particular 
account. 
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ruchi Mukhija from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ruchi Mukhija:
Pardon me if it is coming at the cost of repetition. In earlier conversation when the generative 
AI came up for the discussion, it was painted with the risk characteristics, but given your 
portfolio which is more concentrated around data engineering and as we understand about the 
AI where if you don't have a data strategy, it is difficult to build the AI strategy. In that 
context, could you help me understand for your business you would see generative AI more as 
opportunity and how could you see risk maybe from the service line perspective for use?
Rajan Sethuraman:
Thanks for the question, Ruchi. I think you were right. Any analytics work that an organization 
wants to undertake, they should have a very strong data foundation under database. If you go 
back, say, three, four years in time, organizations used to work with data that are available 
within their particular business or functional silos, could be coming out of their ERP systems 
or transaction problem systems, but they typically worked with some silo of data that they have 
and that are solving simpler problems, lower hanging fruit. That meant you needed a certain 
maturity from a data, data engineering, data platform perspective. 
Now we have seen in the last two years or even a slightly longer time frame that the 
complexity and the maturity of the initiators are increasing and that means that the low 
hanging fruit has been taken. You are now going after problems that requires a more holistic 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
integrated perspective, right, across the entire organization and therefore, you need to be able 
to harvest data from multiple parts of the organization, bring it all together, right, into one 
platform. Data engineering is on an upward curve from a type of work perspective. 
The good thing is that as you bring in all of this data and especially if you are talking about 
unstructured data from outside of the enterprise from social media, reviews and other 
mechanisms, that is what creates the kind of opportunity that I talked about. Generative AI and 
large language models are particularly suited for unstructured data, for text data and now that 
organizations are collecting that kind of data from the multiple customer interactions are 
having, it will mean that there are plentiful opportunity for how you can apply generative AI 
kind of principles to mine that data. 
Now Generative AI as a technology and as a new tool itself is exciting and interesting for 
people to play around and experiment with, but the real value of all of that can be achieved or 
realized only when you have very solid use cases on what data are you going to analyze.What 
problem are you looking to solve? And how do you address some of the hallucination 
challenges that I talked about earlier, referred to earlier? You want to make sure that whatever 
these large language models are throwing out are completely fact-based and there isn't any 
extraneous inferences that are being made, right, that are not connected with the data and the 
unstructured information that might be there. So, I think that is where the opportunity would 
be. 
In fact, you would have heard the terminology called prompt engineering. Prompt engineering 
itself can be a very interesting space on if you have data and if you have technology such as 
large language models, how do you use prompt engineering and the right kind of interaction so 
that you are making the best use of tools that are available? I am expecting that on the back of 
what is happening in the generative AI piece, there will be even more opportunity to undertake 
the right kind of predictive, prescriptive analytics and what you can do with the kind of 
customer information that you are able to collect at this point in time. So, in some sense, we 
are quite positive about the impact that Generative AI can have on the entire analytics 
landscape itself.
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital India. 
Please go ahead with your question. 
Karan Uppal:
Just one clarification. You mentioned that you are seeing Q2 to be similar to Q1 in terms of 
growth and you also mentioned that H2 will be better than H1, but also you have mentioned 
that there is some uncertainty which is there in the market. Clients are taking some more time 
to close the deal. So, in that context, how should we look at the trajectory of growth from here 
on? 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Rajan Sethuraman:
We are at the end of July now. One month is already gone by in quarter two. And if I look at 
my full potential pipeline for this quarter and then the probability weighted pipeline for this 
quarter, I can see that our growth rate for quarter two will be a little better than what we have 
done in quarter one. So, that is something that based on just the data that I already have in 
terms of the opportunities that we have, closed.
Now for Q3 and Q4, what I have is like a large pipeline. Of course, the current trajectory is 
assured meaning whatever we end up doing in Q2, we will continue to do in Q3 and Q4, but 
the growth on top of that, that is currently largely a pipeline of opportunities, so that will 
depend on how quickly those opportunities are closed. So, if I have a few good closures in Q2, 
in the remainder of Q2, then Q3 starts looking a lot more interesting than what it is right now. 
So, that is where we are. 
So, in some sense, I mean, I am not able to give any more assurance than what I see at this 
point in time. I do see the kind of growth that we have in Q1 continuing into Q2 and Q3, right? 
So, that will happen. Further uplift on that will be on the back of at least some good closures 
that we have, right, in the remainder of quarter two. 
Karan Uppal:
So, basically, our visibility is limited to a quarter at this point of time and beyond that, given 
the uncertainty, we are still not sure of the trajectory. Is it a fair understanding?
Rajan Sethuraman:
Yes. So, I will just rephrase that. What we have confidence about is the current growth 
trajectory. For the trajectory to become steeper, I will need more closures. 
Karan Uppal:
And in terms of margins, so we are talking about margin improvement from here on. 
Investments we have already made and no further incremental investments we are planning to 
make and rate hike impact is already behind us. So, from here on, as the growth improves, 
margin should also improve. Is that the way to look at it?
Rajan Sethuraman:
That's correct. Yes.  
Moderator:
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Swechha from ANS Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Swechha:
My first question is around the order books. If you could help me understand what kind of 
order book do we currently have? And if you also could give me a number of the big pipeline 
that we have? And also, I think you had mentioned in your commentary that, you know, the 
new deals that we have got, the new logos that we have got, they are of a smaller ticket size. 
So, do you think this is going to impact our margins? Like, does the margin vary depending on 
the ticket size? And if you could also give me the average ticket size that we have currently? 
Rajan Sethuraman:
I will give you some context around the order book question first. One of the reasons why we, 
at this point in time don't publish a order book is also you will have to understand that the 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
nature of the business or the nature the contracts that we typically get are between 6 to 12 
months and given that most of the customers that we have if you see are based out of North 
America. The budgeting cycle or the fiscal that most of our clients follow is Jan to December 
and therefore, most of the renewals or extensions that we end up signing typically run through 
this period.
So, if you look at the order book that we carry at any point in time, it will be very high towards 
the end of the calendar year or beginning of Q1 of the following calendar year or for us, it will 
be Q4. That's when our order book will be at the highest and through the year, as we execute 
this order book, the confirmed order books that we carry will actually progressively come 
down. 
But there is another internal metric that we track which we cannot publish or give out at this 
point in time is again extensions, right, which again is rated based on the probability of the 
extensions. The way we internally as management track these extensions is any account or any 
client where we have a history of working with that particular account for a period of more 
than two years is typically tagged as high probability extensions. 
The sort of internal metric that we as management track is at any point in time, the order book 
plus the high probability extensions that we carry should roughly be higher than or equal to the 
trailing 12 months revenue and which is what we can at this point in time give out, the order 
book that we carry today is slightly higher or marginally higher than the trailing 12 month 
revenue that we did clock. 
The second question around margins on some of these smaller value deals, right? Just to let 
you know, see, as a benchmark or as a sort of internal metrics that we track, our threshold for 
taking on any new work is typically 50% gross margins in the US. We have a slightly lower 
threshold for some of the newer emerging geographies because these are fledgling geographies 
and our intent, is to win marquee logos over here and build on that in the future so that that 
threshold might be slightly lower for the Europe or APAC, but in the US, 50% is the threshold 
that we normally operate in and even for these new small wins that we spoke about, our 
margins are in the same range, which is 50% plus. 
But on the contrary, in fact, if clients are typically signing on smaller opportunities to begin 
with, they also know that they cannot get the benefits of leverage. The onset, offset ratio will 
be of a certain nature. Once you get onto a larger initiative, then clients also understand that 
they get the benefits of leverage. The pricing and the margin will reflect that. The deals that we 
have signed in this quarter, while they are smaller, we don't have any impact from a margin 
perspective. 

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Swechha:
And sir, my second question is, what is the revenue contribution from our top five customers? 
And if you could also help me understand what is the onshore and offsite billing rate and how 
do we typically bill our clients? 
Rajan Venkatesan:
So, the first metric you will be able to see it as a part of our investor presentation as well, our 
top five accounts contribute close to about 60% of our overall revenues. But to answer your 
question, your second question was around billing rates and onsite, offshore ratio? 
Swechha:
Yes.
Rajan Venkatesan:
Our billing rates typically is not on a blended basis. Most of the contracts that we have are on a 
managed services contract where we have and what we call as a Center of Excellence model 
where we typically bundle a combination of on-site and offshore resources and we sell it as a 
Center of Excellence for the client. 
The average revenue per employee is in the range of about $60,000 to $65,000 and it has 
trended in that range for the last two to three years. Our on-site, offshore mix is typically 1:5.5. 
In the past, it went as high as 1:6, but in recent times, we are again seeing that that number is 
coming off and we are closer to about 1:5.5 at this point in time. 
Also the reason why we don't end up tracking the rate per person or rate per hour is because we 
don't do a lot of work. We do  very minimal work on a stopwatch model and that's the reason 
why I am not able to give you a rate card or a rate per hour for on-site and offshore. But our 
average revenue for employees is in the range of about $65,000, if that helps you out.
Swechha:
So, that means we don't bill our clients on an hourly basis, right? 
Rajan Venkatesan:
There is a very, very small book of work which is less than 5% of our overall turnover which 
will be in that model. 
Swechha:
So, how do we bill our clients? And is it contract wise? 
Rajan Venkatesan:
It is for a capacity that we give the client and that capacity will deliver a book of work to the 
client. There are a set of initiatives that we agree upon with the client and there is a capacity 
and a skill mix that is given to the client and we bill a fixed monthly rate to the client and that 
is what we charge them on a monthly basis. This capacity itself can be dialed up or dialed 
down depending on the client outlook as well as the requirements from the client side, but the 
rate that we agree on is a fixed per month rate for this capacity. 
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments.

Latent View Analytics Limited
July 27, 2023
Classification: Confidential Contains PII: No
Rajan Venkatesan:
Well, thank you everyone for joining the call. Like we mentioned, we are happy to be back on 
the growth path and growth trajectory. Despite a lot of the commentary that has been coming 
from the market, which has been largely negative, we have managed to press the pedal or keep 
the momentum going on the investments and we continue to be fairly optimistic about the 
future. Some of the recent conversations that we are having and some of the opportunities that 
we have in the pipeline definitely indicate that we could witness a bounce back in H2. 
However, there is still work to be done like Rajan mentioned which is why we are at this point, 
I am hesitant to put out a guidance for H2, but we believe we made the right investments in 
terms of people and capability building, which will put us back on the growth tracks as well as 
the margins that we historically reported, we hope to be back on the same tragic in a couple of 
quarters. 
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of Latent View Analytics Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
