DATE: 3Qth May, 2023 
REF. : PIL/DVN/L031/2023-24 
Security Code No.: 522205 
BSE LIMITED 
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS, 
25TH FLOOR, DALAL STREET, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Fax: 022-
22723121/3719/2037/2039/2041/2061 
Dear Sir I Madam, 
~ 
pra) 
Company Code- PRAJIND 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF 
INDIA LTD. 
EXCHANGE PLAZA, 5TH FLOOR, 
PLOT NO. C/1, G BLOCK, 
BANDRA-KURLA COMPLEX, 
BANDRA (EAST), 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Fax: 022 - 66418124/25/26, 
2659 8237 I 38 
Please find enclosed Transcripts of Analysts' Call of Praj Industries Ltd. held 
on 26th May, 2023 regarding Audited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the year ended 31st March, 2023. 
This information is given pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
from time to time. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For PRAJ INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
' 
DATTATRAYA NIMBOLKAR 
CHIEF INTERNAL AUDITOR 
& COMP ANY SECRETARY 
(M. No. 4660) 
Praj Industries Limited 
Regd. Office: "Praj Tower", S. No. 27 4 & 275/2, Bhumkar Chowk-Hinjewadi Road, Hinjewadi, Pune : 411057. Ph : +91 20 71802000 / 22941 000 
f: +91 20 22941116 e: info@praj.net w: www.praj.net 
CIN: L27101PNl985PLC038031 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
Praj Industries Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Praj Industries Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisor. Thank you and over to you. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor relations of Praj Industries Limited. On behalf of 
the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's earnings call for 
the 4th Quarter and financial year ending 2023. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
Company's fundamental business and financial cost under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. 
First we have with us Mr. Shishir Joshipur – CEO and Managing Director and Mr Sachin Raole – 
Chief Financial Officer and Director of Resources. 
Now without any further delay, I request Mr. Joshipura to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 18 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon everybody. I welcome you to Praj Industries’ Earning Call for 
Q2 & H1 FY23. Trust all of you had the opportunity to go through our results presentation for 
the quarter ended 31st of March 2023. 
I would like to start today's call with the news of an historic development in sustainable aviation 
fuel. 
Last week, Praj Air Asia and Indian oil partners for India's first commercial flight powered by a 
blend of indigenously produced sustainable aviation fuel that flew the aircraft from Pune to 
New Delhi. The SAF blended in the ATF was used by Praj using indigenous feedstock, leveraging 
its relationship with the United States. 
In another significant development, Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas Shri Hardeep Singh 
Puri received this special flight at the New Delhi Airport. During the event, Mr. Puri had 
mentioned that the Government has plans to come up with mandates on SAF in near future. 
As India becomes signatory to CORSIA mandatory blending of SAF from 2027 in accordance 
with the agreement will create significant opportunity. If we target to blend 1% SAF blending 
in jet fuel, India will require around 14 crore liters of SAF per annum and this will translate to 
an additional requirement of 28 crores liter per annum of ethanol when things move on the 
ATJ pathway. 
In another significant development, our board has given us principle approval for formation of 
joint venture with Indian oil for production of variety of biofuels. Production of sustainable 
aviation fuel is likely to be the first project out of this JV. India's EBP 20 program is moving 
ahead as per the plan. Over and above the EBP 20 targets OMCs have floated expression of 
interest for signing long term off take agreement with upcoming dedicated Ethanol plant for 
additional capacity of 300 crore liters from 8 ethanol deficit states, namely Tamil Nadu, Kerala. 
Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Goa, Odisha and Union territories of Jammu 
and Kashmir and Ladakh. This creates an additional potential opportunity for Rs 4000 crore. 
The Government has launched 20% ethanol branded petrol at select outlets in 11 states in 
February, 2 months ahead of the scheduled 1st April launch, and it is expected that this will go 
nationwide by ‘25-26. India currently has the capacity to produce nearly 10 billion liters, which 
is expected to increase to 12.5 billion liters by end of 2023. Several state Governments have 
started to create supportive policies to drive ethanol production in respective states. The Tamil 
Nadu Government unveiled its TN ethanol blending policy 2023 in March 2023 with a mission 
to improve farmer income, revive the super industry in the state and to attract investments 
worth 5000 crore in molasses or grain-based ethanol production capacity. The targets for the 
policy term are to be self-sufficient and meet the estimated ethanol blending requirement of 
130 crore liters. 

 
Page 3 of 18 
Our board has given final approval for a CAPEX proposal of Rs. 200+ crores considering the 
potential presented by several positive developments in different business areas. We are 
setting up a modern manufacturing facility to be housed into a new subsidiary Praj GenX 
Limited. This unit will address the business needs arising out of significant developments in 
energy transition and climate action segment. We have a very strong pipeline of inquiries 
building continuously. The new facility will be set up near a major port with CAPEX of nearly 
100 crores. We are moving ahead with project development and expect to start commercial 
production by last quarter of FY24. 
To accelerate commercialization of bioplastics, we are setting up first of its kind demo plant for 
Polylactic Acid (PLA) with capex of around Rs. 60 crore at Jejuri on the outskirts of Pune. This 
pilot facility will be used for scaled production of Food Grade Lactic Acid and Polylactic Acid.  
We are also setting up new catalytic lab at our R&D center Praj Matrix that will need investment 
of around INR 15 crore.  This facility will be operational in August 23.  
Now coming to our business performance, our domestic bioenergy business continued to build 
on its leadership position as we had discussed in the past. The majority of orders came for 
ethanol plants based on the starchy food stock. Sugar mills are also setting up dual feed plants 
now and are adding starchy feedstock modules to their existing ethanol, facility. Our inquiry 
pipeline is showing a strong continued demand for starchy and sugary fixed stock-based 
ethanol plants.  
On international front, low carbon ethanol is developing as an interesting business opportunity 
in the United States, owing to slow down in the US market this activity, while developing very 
healthily, might be a little shift in timeline for project finalization. We are in the process of 
completing FEL studies for several projects which would then translate into firm business 
opportunities as soon as the economy returns to normal. In Europe region, we are discussing 
few potential opportunities for Greenfield 1G projects in non-EU countries.  
Our services business is receiving promising response from customers in both domestic and 
international markets. Our strong offering of an entire suite compromising of Enzymes, Yeast 
and Performance enhancers is finding a high acceptance in the market. With a view to enhance 
our reach and service to customers we are building a strong distributor network in both 
domestic and international market.  
On the 2G front, I am pleased to share that we have produced the first ethanol from our IOCL 
Panipat project. Our team is now focusing its efforts in establishing continuous operation and 
reliability enhancement of the plant along with the IOCL team.  
 

 
Page 4 of 18 
As for CBG, our first rice drop based commercial plan for FCL has commenced bio gas 
generation and flaring. This high yield plant is now under stabilization and should start regular 
dispatch of CBG by end of June 2023.  
The business landscape is developing favorably for our engineering business basket. 
On the ETCA  front, the opportunities arising out of increasing demand for sustainable energy 
and decarbonization of energy and downstream chemicals, blue/green hydrogen, green 
ammonia coupled with growing demand for waste to energy solutions is driving the demand 
for Modularized solutions in significantly positive way.   Our traditional energy business of Oil 
& Gas, fertilizers etc is also seeing good traction, driving demand for our CPES solutions.  
On the ZLD front, we are working on brining Modularization approach to our offerings. We 
have already received first order for a modularized ZLD system. This augers well for future 
business development. 
The brewery & beverage business has reached pre-covid levels and we expect it to translate to 
capacity enhancement soon.  
Fermentation is one of our key capabilities. We are capitalizing it to explore opportunities for 
PHS business in large size- High-Capacity fermenters space. We have received an interesting 
order for large-size fermenters for the pharma application from Oman. We have also booked 
our first order in the Semiconductor sector for ultra-high purity water. PHS has a healthy inquiry 
basket from international markets too.  
The Union government is currently working on a policy- Bio-E3 (biotechnology for 
environment, economy and employment) that will boost biotechnology-based manufacturing 
for green growth. It aims to reduce dependence on petrochemicals in multiple sectors and 
attract over ₹10,000 crore investments. As a key stakeholder, Praj will be involved in 
developing National Bio-Chemical policy as a knowledge partner. 
Overall, we remain very positive on continued development of potential across our bioenergy 
and engineering businesses. In spite of global economic challenges, we expect a favorable 
business environment aided by stabilized commodity prices and an ever increasing awareness 
to decarbonize global economy.  
Before I conclude, I would like to share that our Chairman Dr. Pramod Chaudhari was  bestowed  
with Eminent Engineer  Award  by Engineering  Council  of India  (ECI) in  the industry  category 
for his exemplary  contributions in engineering field.  
With this, I will now hand over to Sachin for his comments on the financial performance. 

 
Page 5 of 18 
Sachin Raole: 
Thank you, Shishir. The consolidated income from operations came to 10 billion in Quarter 4 
of FY23 as compared to 8 billion in Quarter 4 of FY22. PBT for the quarter stood at 1 billion as 
compared to 718 million in the corresponding period of last year's. Profit after tax came to 881 
million as compared to 576 million in Quarter 4 of FY22.  
For the full year ended March 31st, 2023; income from operations stood at 35 billion as against 
23 billion in FY23. PBT stood at 3 billion in FY23 as against 2 billion in FY22. The PAT of FY23 
came at 2.3 billion as against 1.5 billion of FY22. Export revenue accounted for 17.4% of FY23, 
and out of the total revenue 73.8 came from Bioenergy, 19.3 from engineering and 6.9% from 
the PHS business. 
Order intake during the quarter was 10 billion with 76.5% from the domestic market. Of the 
total order intakes 82.3% came from bioenergy and 10% from engineering and balance 7.8 
from PHS business. As compared to last year, export order intake has seen 9% growth, almost 
743 crores as compared to 679 of the last year. The order backlog of March 23 is 34 billion, 
comprising of 84.7% of domestic orders and 84% from bioenergy, 11.2 from engineering and 
balance 4.6% from PHS business. 
Cash in hand as of 31st of March 2023 stood at 6910 million, that is 6 billion. The Board of 
Directors proposed the final dividend of Rs 450 that is Rs 4.50 paise per equity share, that is 
225% of the shares value of Rs 2 per equity share for the financial year ended 31st March 2023. 
It is subject to the approval of shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting. With 
this I will conclude my remarks. 
Thank you all for joining. We would now be happy to discuss any questions, comments or 
suggestions you may have. 
Moderator:  
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the line of 
Prathamesh Sawant from Axis Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Yes sir, congratulations for great set of numbers. So, just wanted to ask my first question with 
respect to your JV with IOC, just wanted to understand what would be your capital allocation 
policy for the same? What kind of IRRs would you be expecting in this project and what kind of 
rate on can you expect? 
Sachin Raole: 
If you are asking what are the plans of the JV with Indian oil. To give the answer, currently we 
have both the boards have accorded in principle approval for this joint venture to go forward. 
When the joint ventures between public and private sector, there is a whole process that needs 
to be put in place that needs to be going through and therefore, we expect it to be become 
functional only towards the end of this financial year and as per the agreement, the joint 
venture will then obviously make out its business plans as it is not to go forward as I mentioned 
the purpose is to propagate the cause of bioenergy in the country, and they will we are 

 
Page 6 of 18 
expecting that the they will start out on a SAF project to begin with and as the development 
and the business model evolves, we will know what kind of investments will be called for, what 
role they will play in the SAF facility etcetera, but it is probably too early for me to make 
comments on internal rate of return for that joint venture that is little out in future. I hope I 
answered your question. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Yes, sir and then secondly sir, some more light on the high purity business. So, do we see this 
demand for semiconductors positive for the high purity business? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Semiconductor manufacturing facilities also need more or less similar grade of high purity 
water, that of thermal application needs and that is why I had a specific mentioned that that is 
the first contract that came through for and of course not only for semiconductor or even their 
supply chain as well.  
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay and finally sir, one last question from my end is with respect to the engineering segment. 
So, do we see good traction for the CPES and the business.. CPES modules? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
As I mentioned the both the traditional sectors of CPES that CPES has been serving, oil and gas, 
fertilizers, chemical and on the other hand, the entire which will be served by CPES and Praj 
GenX, the new subsidiary which will be specifically addressing the ETC opportunities, both of 
them are seeing very good pipeline build for inquiry and traction and many of the solutions 
that either of them would offer to different segments would involve mobilization. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
And sir what portion of it would be going towards green hydrogen or the booming sectors? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, we are right now not saying that I will only go and chase down hydrogen opportunities 
because our aim is to ensure that we are able to serve the needs of our customers. These are 
very focused customers. We do not have a very finite set of customers. So, if they have a 
specific need for meeting a challenge or the solution for either green hydrogen it could be a 
green ammonia project, it could be an LNG project. So, the nature of the project is one 
dimension, but what is important for us is that we are able to add value. So, we are not going 
to restrict ourselves to only green hydrogen or anything like that. It depends on how the overall 
progress of the project develops, but across the broad spectrum, and not necessarily limited 
waste to energy green hydrogen, blue hydrogen, green ammonia, there are different segments 
which are different needs and we will be serving all these segments. 
Prathamesh Sawant: 
Okay sir. Thank you Sir, that is from my end. 
Moderator: 
Before we take the next question. A reminder to all the participants, please restrict yourself to 
two questions. Next question comes from the line of Levin Shah from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Please, go ahead. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
Levin Shah: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. My first question is on the exports opportunity 
and specifically, you mentioned in your opening comments that the US market has seen some 
delay, but as we understand, there is a timeline under which this IRA benefits should be given 
to the companies who basically modularize their plant. So, is this a very short-term delay that 
we are seeing or there is the inquiries, how will we see this order inflow coming in from these 
inquiries? 
Sachin Raole: 
Yes, great question so. When the IRA announcements were made, there was also for the 
industry-based energy, they are also seeking some clarifications on the laws that have been 
rolled out from the IRS because there are some tech breaks and credits that are announced 
there. So, how to avoid double counting? How do you go about specific counting, etc. So, some 
of those issues are being resolved that's number one, the banking crisis in United States has. 
So, this delay is not that we are everything is done by three years or anything like that, but at 
least definitely for two three quarters we see a delay. 
Levin Shah: 
Ok and sir, some of the projects we were already at a like an advanced stage in terms of doing 
the project work. So, for that also have you seen some pause in the activity or progressing and 
it is only on the new inquiries that we are seeing something? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, the way the US projects progress is that they go through an FEL levels of studies they call 
them and these studies are three stage some customers can go for two stages, but definitely 
two stage nobody goes for less than that. So, those studies have moved forward. However, 
once the studies are over, the next step of creating the big capital investment is something that 
is taking a little more time, obviously because of the funding issues, high interest rates in the 
economy, etc. So, I think those are what I would call as not long-lasting situation. So, as I said 
as soon as the situation turns we expect that this will come back on the table because as you 
rightly said, the IRS program still stay same they are not changing. 
Levin Shah: 
Understood and sir the second question is on the CAPEX. So, interestingly, we had announced 
around I think 100 crores kind of CAPEX last quarter and now we are saying that we will do 200 
crores with addition of this polylactic acid and the R&D CAPEX. So, this will be a polylactic acid 
plant would be this will be a pilot plant, right? We are not seeing any commercial sales coming 
out of this plant. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
No, this will be a pilot plant and the idea is to demonstrate the technology for PLA. Just very 
briefly, I won't go into details, but that there are only couple of companies in the world who 
have the technology today and they are not letting it out external to themselves, so they are 
only using it for their own capacities and our attempt is to bring a very different dimension to 
this whole field and bring Praj’s competence to play in terms of our understanding of the entire 
biological processes and ensure that we are able to provide a viable solution for PLA. 

 
Page 8 of 18 
Levin Shah: 
Got it, sir and this 100 crore CAPEX on the ETCA part under part GenX, what kind of revenue 
potential will this hundred crore CAPEX entitle? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, the idea is that of course 100 crores CAPEX as in the module business we have to create a 
basic facility which can lift and shift heavy material. So, that is why a lot of investment goes 
into that and then once the basic infrastructure is set up, we are in a position to then leverage 
that for making multiple modules over a period of time. So, we are this 100-crore investment 
could actually potentially be able to do almost 30 to 40 X kind of sale out of that facility, but 
over a period of time, some more automation will walk in, some specific machines can walk in 
so that will happen as the facility starts to develop, but the first installment of the first branch 
of 100 crores as we start to invest our expectation is by end of this financial year, we will be 
able to make it functional from a customer perspective. 
Levin Shah: 
Thank you sir. I will come back in the queue and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for excellent set of numbers sir. Sir first, I would 
like to know the outlook on CBG orders, how we are seeing the pipeline and have we booked 
any orders in this quarter? Additional orders on the CBG plant. 
Sachin Raole: 
So, CBG activity is still not at a very high level in the, I am talking about now market activity 
level, is still not very high. We are beginning to see an increasing interest from customers, but 
we still not somewhere where I can say, you know what, there's a very healthy pipeline that is 
building up for enquiry. As I mentioned and also one of the facts is that there have been lot of 
expectation around different feedstocks, the fact is that there is no proven capacity on ground 
which customers can rely upon and that is why the HPCL Commissioning takes a very important 
dimension, as I mentioned that by end of June, we will be in a position to start dispatching gas 
from there, which will clearly establish a high yield technology, which is one of the key 
requirements to go forward and become effective because there are also some more what I 
would call the last mile connectivity issues that need to get sorted out and I think everyone all 
the elements in the value chain are working on resolving these issues. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
So, the traction is slow as of now, but when we expect it to pick up. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, I think I am probably the better place to answer this question down the next quarter, 
somewhere around, because we need to see this performance establish and see how many of 
the issues are being resolved. We are very confident that our technology will showcase that we 
are able to produce best in class performance. Having said that we need to wait till the proof 
of the pudding is there on the ground, which is not too far also. 

 
Page 9 of 18 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Fair enough, Sir. Just wanted to understand the accounting treatment of the 100 crores demo 
plants what we are putting in place which I think two plants in total for bioplastic as well? So, 
how would that accounting treatment go? That would be debited to premium or that would 
be capitalized in the book, I think that will be debited to premium, right? 
Sachin Raole: 
Yes, so this investment is actually meant for not one product, but it is like a multi-product kind 
of a facility. So, it will sit in our assets and 100 crore will not come to P&L. For example, the 
way in which we have built up our demo plant for 2G or the demo plant for CBG for testing 
different feedstocks is sitting in our fixed assets and naturally the depreciation and operating 
expenses are getting debited to P&L and the asset block will sit on the balance sheet side and 
not on the P&L side. 
Shailesh Kanani: 
I thought there would be amortization in the year, Sir. Only one more question Sir. Our book-
to-bill ratio has reiterated obviously because we had excellent execution in FY23. So, it is 
directly now 1X TTM basis. So, how does the management view this and as we are entering are 
we entering into a territory where this can enter growth growing right growth rate going 
ahead? Last question for my side. Thanks a lot. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
 I couldn't get the question clearly Shailesh, are you saying? 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Our book-to-bill ratio on TTM basis has deteriorated right? It is barely 1X in FY23 revenue terms 
from 1.2 what we had in FY. 
Sachin Raole: 
So, your question is that our revenue booking versus the outstanding order booking that ratio 
is deteriorating, am I right? 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Yes. Because the FY23. Yes. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Speaking the way the execution capabilities or capacities get built up, we have we started to 
build this capacity. GenX is one such example that I gave you. We are very confident that we 
will be in a position to continue to build. So, I don't see that to be concern point at all, whether 
we will be able to book and bill higher or lower number probably we will do a better 
performance. So, capacity is not the constraint. Having said that, as we go through the year this 
year, obviously there were some as I mentioned in the past as well, that the year of two halves 
one and the commodity prices were completely different than in the second half where they 
were stabilized well, the movement of labor force, etc. So, we are now in a position to say that 
we have reached capacity built and where we have been able to serve even higher book and 
bill. If we book during the year, we will bill that of course that also depends on A) Customer 
cycle times because as I am mentioning, especially for our 1G business where we are building 
more Starch based plants. Those project cycles are slightly different than a super based plant 
for the simple fact that there are many first time who are putting up these projects and 
therefore sometimes the timeline may get stretched. 

 
Page 10 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Good afternoon sir and congratulations for good number. I just wanted to take this question 
from levin forward that low carbon opportunity, what we are talking about here is it more 
linked to the, say, 3-billion-gallon requirement of SAF only or is there a possibility that apart 
from SAF there could be increased demand for existing Ethanol base also just to get the 
landscape of this low carbon opportunity. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Vikram for production of SAF very clearly, and especially on the ATJ pathway where ethanol 
becomes the feedstock for SAF the requirement is clearly for low carbon ethanol, that's number 
one. So, all such applications where one wants to follow an ATJ pathway, a low carbon ethanol 
is the necessary input that is required. So plant will have to decarbonize the process that is 
number #1.  #2 the process of decarbonization is also a process for improving efficiencies of 
the existing plants. It is not only decarbonizing; it also improves the efficiency significantly. So, 
there are plants who are not talking to us because it makes economic sense for them. Forget 
about the low carbon argument for the time being, they are saying it makes sense for me, for 
example one of the solutions will cut their steam convention by up to 90%. Now when that 
kind of a thing happens, their operating costs go down and margins improve. So, obviously they 
producers who are who are thinking in terms of being cost efficient, improving their margins, 
improving the energy efficiencies they are differently focused and please remember that a lot 
of capacities in United States were built at least 20 years and before that. Okay and therefore 
those lot of those plants are now coming up for refurbishment of SAF because they will need 
to improve, a benefit of all these would also be that they will be able to go to a low carbon 
ethanol and also there are different levers that would drive that market for low carbon ethanol. 
The big lever among them is obviously the requirements there. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay, got it and one more question on this CBG you highlighted about take SAF infrastructure 
will take some time to pick up, but just to get within that, if you look at the sugar Company 
side, particularly from press mud opportunity to CBG, how is the feedback coming from that? 
Probably they can have their own requirement for transportation requirement of the sugar 
factory and all that. So, can that ecosystem work in a closed loop or sugar companies from like 
press mud to CBG and used within their factories. How is that opportunity? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes Vikram. So, for the sugar companies, very clearly the press mud to CBG also offers a very 
attractive opportunity now on multiple counts and also let us understand because there is a 
proven commercial working model on the ground proven on both North and South of India. 
Having said that, I think what is also very important is to understand that for the last two years 
or so lot of mill owners and the customers were also busy setting up the ethanol capacities. So, 
this is also a question of prioritization at their end as to what they want to start first and then 
start next. The third is that press-mud based plants have a very positive thing in their favor that 
that the output, which also includes fermented fertilizer organic fertilizer that is of a high grade 

 
Page 11 of 18 
and that becomes very easy for them then to create an additional revenue stream as we move 
through the year we expect that a lot of our companies start thinking positively about setting 
up their own capacities. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it and before closing, can you share what was the grain and sugar order for this quarter? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Sorry is the question how much what percentage for our booking was starch based, is that the 
question. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Yes and sugar based this quarter. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, sugary feed stock versus that was about 60% on the yearly basis, 60% of the capacity came 
on starchy feed stocks and 40% on sugary feed stock. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it and thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India Mutual funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Thank you. Congratulations sir on an excellent set of numbers and execution. My first question 
is on the same breakup of sugar and starchy feedstock-based orders within bioenergy for the 
quarter Q4. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Sorry. So, what is the question Lokesh? 
Lokesh Maru: 
Sir the same break up which you gave for the year 60-40, what would that breakup be for the 
quarter? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Pretty similar I mean nothing much to choose, fairly similar. 
Lokesh Maru: 
60 on starch and 40 on sugar. So, also sir one question on this side sugar side like you had 
highlighted last day in that India had the production of cane was at all time high levels of 40 
million metric ton side, right year. Last year this time it has come down by 10% or so are you 
seeing any moderation on the sugar side and at the same time given that broken rice prices are 
quite contained at this point in time, is it helping you on the starchy on enquiries on the starchy 
feedstock order inflows by any chance? But how is it shaping up at this point I mean? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Yes, so Lokesh one clear thing is that in a manner of speaking, the sugary feedstock gets 
restricted to few states while starchy feedstock does not have that kind of a restriction, right? 
and as I mentioned, the Government is also pushing for “Ethanol” drought states to starchy 
feedstock. All these eight states that I mentioned are starchy feedstock, there is no sugarcane 
there. So, as we start to spread the EBP 20 program reach more and more ethanol would be 
required also to be served into non-sugary states which are not the traditional producers of 

 
Page 12 of 18 
ethanol. So, we do believe that there will be a push or there will be continued higher share of 
business for that starchy feedstock. Having said that, I think sugar mills are also understanding 
their very-very important role that they will play in this overall program and I do not think we 
are going to stop at EBP 20 is going to go. Ethanol is going to become a very important element 
of our overall energy mix and therefore they could get a very important dimension for us to 
remember. We have not talked about it before is the fact that sugar-based ethanol is low 
carbon intensity ethanol as far as India is concerned so this is a very important dimension in 
favor of sugary ethanol. Sugary feedstock based all, and we will have to see as to how it goes. 
There are many other questions to be so. But I am sure that as we go forward, we will see a 
different dynamic emerge on this page. As of today as we see it in the immediate future, yes, 
that starchy feed stock will be higher. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Okay sir given that, if let us say the monsoons are lower than expected, the precipitation is 
lower than expected in that scenario, how is it? Are you expecting any policy from the 
Government to, so that these projects on starchy feedstock side as well and both sugar as well, 
they don't. They are not hurt from a margin point of view, if at all there is inflation within both 
these commodities, Agri commodities. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
I have no view to give you on this as to what Government should or will do because we do not 
know that we are still forecasting normal monsoon. We will have to see how that thing 
develops out. I think what is very important though, that it should such a situation arise I think 
that is when we will start to understand the value of 2G ethanol that we have been talking 
about for quite some time, that the eventual solution lies in our ability to use the waste 
feedstock and I think that by that time, of course we have also, as I was mentioning earlier in 
my opening remarks, we will have stabilized IOCL Panipat Plant as well and I think that could 
be a very, very big test for us. All I mean, say, as with all of us, not only Praj, but all of us, who 
are the involved entities to ensure that we are in a position to create a sustainable path forward 
and we clearly see that as and when as we start to move to the future and not only for this 
monsoon, I am talking in general that there will be a definitive play for the 2G feedstock based 
ethanol production as well, because that is the lowest carbon intensity ethanol. 
Lokesh Maru: 
That's also nice. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Amish Kanani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Amish Kanani: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers, Sir, our outstanding order book, if you see on a year-on-
year basis has grown by 20% and our win rate on order in flow if you see last five quarters it 
had more jump from 700 crores say six quarters back to now between 900 to 1050 crores. The 
question is sir, what is the kind of pipeline that you are seeing sir, which gives us some idea of 
the growth coming for us on a short to medium term, the long-term growth we have been 

 
Page 13 of 18 
seeding a lot of technologies which gives us comfort that there will be a growth but on a short 
to medium term on a high base if you can give us some sense of how the growth will pan out? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
I will tell you a little bit of a story kind of an answer on this one. So, our Chairman always tells 
us that we have to move in terms of our mental thinking of being a single feedstock single 
product kind of an approach which was you put a one feedstock at one end and you get a 
ethanol at the other end to a multi feedstock, multi product thinking and I think that is what is 
going to play out in future as we go. We have already started to see some signs of it, CBG plants 
produce fertilizers. If we have ethanol plants, they produce energy they also produce CBG 
depending on how you treat, I think there are multi feedstock was no longer sugary. It is also 
starchy, it is also cellulosic. So, we are beginning to see a different dimension and once there 
are multiple feedstocks on one end and multiple products at the other end and I think that is 
what is going to be the future. Future is not what we have seen in the past. Future is very 
different than what we have seen, but it is very exciting. It is very big and therefore we believe 
that we will be in a position to see a completely different game play out, different segments 
will emerge. Coming back to the specific question that you had, as I have said in opening 
remarks as well for our 1G business, for 2G business, for our CPS business specially 
modularization and for the ETCA related business where which is completely different 
landscape opening, we see a very-very healthy if I say so. So, we see no reason why we should 
be going down in any case. 
Amish Kanani: 
Thanks sir that helps and sir, on the margin front, we have seen double digit margin which we 
are always aspiring for the question is, two-fold if you can explain us if possible between you 
know what was helping richer product mix versus say commodity price inflation which is you 
know slowing down and in that context on a yearly basis, how should we look at the sales 
margins of FY 24? Thanks. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Amish as I had mentioned year of two halves. First half where we did not have we still had 
the impact of the ever-increasing commodity prices in a volatile fashion and second of the year 
saw that moderate and cool down and I think that is been let me not say anything and that has 
been a good big factor for us to be able to manage. The second is the fact that we are also in a 
position to move to a healthier product mix and by establishing higher value we have taken 
some tough decisions internally to ensure that we are able to protect our margins. Our teams 
are focused. We call it not just the growth but healthy growth and that is how many of our 
efforts have been focused in the direction both in terms of how we improve internal processes. 
We are not going to talk about it, but there is a big effort in the way and digitalization of our 
operations, driving standardization for our plants. So, there are different levers that we are 
using to ensure that we are able to become not only big but also healthy. 
Amish Kanani: 
Okay, that helps and all the best. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Utsav Mehta from Edelweiss AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Utsav Mehta: 
Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to know the amount of customer advances on 
our balance sheet and what is the quantum of retention money? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, the customer advance is in the range of almost 700 crores and retention amount out of the 
receivable should be in the range of 110 to 120 crores. 
Utsav Mehta: 
So, just wanted to understand, we have seen almost a 300 crore increase in receivables that is 
as much as our EBITDA. So, is it primarily happening? I mean could not be happening only 
because of retention. So, if you could just throw some color as to why such a sharp increase in 
receivables? 
Sachin Raole: 
Because that you are looking at in the absolute number, but if you look at in terms of number 
of days, receivable number of days rather there is a reduction of almost you can call it as a 
flattish, but from 86 days now it has reduced to 83 days. So 1000 crore turnover happening in 
the last quarter naturally because of the payment term that money is supposedly to start 
coming in this quarter. So, that is the reason why you are saying that jump can be absolute 
number of receivable but in number of days terms it is 83 days versus 86 days of the last year. 
Utsav Mehta: 
Understood last bit on retention, so if you could just throw some color on what are your typical 
kind of retention clauses in your contracts? 
Sachin Raole: 
So, we are actually trying to do away with retention to a great extent whenever there is a new 
contract, new customer, new territory, there might be a issue coming up on the retention. But 
otherwise, as a policy we are going away with retention and that is the reason we are seeing 
reduction in the number of retention over a period of time, even though the turnover is the 
top line has grown to this extent as compared to last year. Our retention absolute number has 
remained very-very range bound. Generally, we try not to have a retention, but yes, if there is 
a loss for retention, this money is linked to mechanical completion of our project and doing the 
trial run and subsequent to that retention money coming back to us. 
Utsav Mehta: 
So, it is not typically 6 months or 12 months in terms of running. 
Sachin Raole: 
No 
Utsav Mehta: 
Okay, understood. This is very useful. Thank you so much for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Arpita Gupta from Nivesh Mitra. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
Arpita Gupta: 
Hi, congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, my question was regarding volume. So, when 
we look at the order book numbers there, I am sure affected by inflation and prices too. If you 
could give any clarity on what kind of volumes may be in terms of number of plants that were 
commissioned or you know any other way? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
Arpita the problem is that there are six business areas and I find it very difficult to give you an 
equivalent unit number but just to give some idea, and I am not saying that is the correct 
measure or anything like that. But we also so you can imagine, have a similar problem on our 
shop floor. How do I determine what capacity I have got? So, one of the things that we did was 
to create an equal equivalent unit concept where we sort of reduced everything to in what we 
make. Okay, that is part of what we actually deliver to our customers in what we make and we 
saw on a yearly basis doubling of our output volume from the previous year on equivalent unit 
basis. I do not know whether that answers. Different businesses were going on and explain to 
you what is the equivalent capacity. 
Arpita Gupta: 
No, that helps. So, doubling from previous year, that means FY22 versus FY23, right? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
That is correct. Now again, that is what we make. So, again, the order list can change where 
what we make has a higher content compared to what we buy and sell because when we put 
our project there are lot of things that we buy for them pumps and valves, instrumentation 
that we just have to, but we have to integrate it into our system, but we do not make them. 
So, there are different. So, depending on the nature of the project, where are we putting it up? 
What is feedstock? What is the customer level of competence? I think there are too many of 
variables there so you can come and ask me. So, you double the unit then how come your sales 
did not double but that is not the way to look at it. 
Arpita Gupta: 
So, I understand. Yes, fair enough, understood. So, any guidance for the next 3 to 5 years either 
in terms of volume, like the common unit that you mentioned or the top line or EPS estimates, 
any guidance for the next 3-5 years. 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, we would not be able to give you guidance of three to five years. I mean then I have a very 
different job if I could do that correctly, but having said that, I mentioned that the new 
investment that we are making in the Praj GenX facility for example, and that is just one of the 
things that we are doing though is likely to lead it will create a capacity equivalent to 30-40 
times of the investment that we have made over a period of time and we will continue to do 
that in our other parts as well. So, where I need not do a Greenfield project, but a brownfield 
expansion of our own capacities and that is something that we have worked on a model where 
we have created some very highly dedicated vendor base for some of our technologies. For 
some of our offerings so they it is not my own work, but it is still they only work for me under 
my quality program under my supervision, even under my material. So, there are different 
models that we are deploying to see how we can use our capital. 

 
Page 16 of 18 
Arpita Gupta: 
Alright, just the last question. Please go on. 
Sachin Raole: 
Additionally, as a practice, we do not give a guidance. We talk about what are the business 
prospects and possibilities and opportunities. But we do not give guidance as a practice, 
alright? 
Arpita Gupta: 
Just the last question from my side and pardon me for a basic question. But how do you 
compare ethanol blending versus the upcoming EV revolution in the Indian vehicles? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, this is something on which we will be very happy to dialogue with you. Maybe you can set 
up a separate call and we have a very definitive view on why broadly one line for India or for 
that matter, any agrarian economy, the right solution is a flex fuel vehicle and not EV unless 
the electricity comes entirely from renewable sources, there is absolutely no case for electric 
vehicle, at least not on the grounds of pollution free and you know it reduce it does not reduce 
the pollution. 
Arpita Gupta: 
But the targets of EV set up by the Governments will not affect our industry growth? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
The point is, is that the industry is moving in direction and I think somewhere along the line we 
as consumers become more and more aware of this issue. I am sure that there will be a lot and 
I am not saying that there is no space for electric vehicles. Please do not read it that way. For 
that they will coexist along with the new technology, please appreciate that today we already 
have a huge vehicle park on the ground of nearly 100 million vehicles in India, which are based 
on IC engines, so we cannot just switch them away. They are already there. There is a whole 
setup in the infrastructure in the country to distribute fuel, we do not have for electricity. There 
are many-many things at the same time. We have to the enemy is not its engine. The enemy is 
greenhouse gas emission and that is the problem that we need to solve. 
Arpita Gupta: 
Alright, that really helps. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aashav Patel from Molecule Ventures BMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Aashav Patel: 
Sir, congratulations to the team for a robust set of numbers. So, over the last three years, our 
revenue base has shifted from close to 1000 crores top line annually to 1000 crores quarterly, 
which reflects our excellent execution skills. But in the meantime, margins have remained same 
around 9% range in other crude companies what we see is because of lean manufacturing 
structure as in when the top line increases multi fold, the operating leverage kicks in and margin 
expansion is visible but due to our steel RM increases, especially the steel prices we have not 
seen our margins increasing in line over last two years, so now as newer orders comes into the 
execution and proportion of older orders get reduced. How do you see margins going forward, 

 
Page 17 of 18 
say in FY24 and FY25, assuming the steel cycle remains, steel prices consolidate around the 
current level? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, Ashraf, as Sachin said, we will not give you guidance for future numbers or anything like 
that is not the policy of the Company, but obviously the period that you described, we came 
through a very highly volatile and increasing price strength for commodity that is hopefully 
right now in front of us, so that obviously will help and it was damaging our project life cycles 
are long. So, when we get the order to the time we actually buy the material, there is a 
significant gap because we are engineers of the plant first. So, there was a COVID period. So, 
there are different what was the external adverse sectors? They have all sort of went away, so 
we expect that as we move forward, we will be able to manage a better performance. This is 
something that I said at the beginning of this year that as we go through the year, we will see 
year of two halves, first half again, on the lower side and you can see that from our quarterly 
margins as well and I had mentioned that we will move to a more healthier regime in the 
second half of the year and that is what we have been able to do. 
Aashav Patel: 
So, that is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ajit Muroor, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajit Muroor: 
So, congratulations on great set of numbers. First, my question is on the strategy. Are you as 
Praj Industries trying to get into actually making the biofuels versus just being the process 
consultants and process manufacturers process equipment manufacturers? Is that the 
strategic direction? 
Shishir Joshipura: 
So, let me answer it like this. So, in our current businesses, our basic business model is from 
technology, engineering, manufacturing, production and in some cases in India even help 
customers with their operations, so we call it a tempo model and that is what has driven us so 
far and we have no reason to believe that anything else is required to be done for these 
businesses, but if a new business or horizon opens up, then that has a different set of dynamics 
in the market. We will have to react to that, right. We cannot say this is our model. Market 
dynamics can be anything. So, what we have said is that in our current businesses with our 
current business model, we are very confident that we will continue to grow that we have. 
However, if a new horizon opens up and that has a different set of requirements, just like I was 
mentioning to you, if you come to my Company three years ago, we would not heard the word 
distributor in our Company at all, that is not who we were, but now I talked about a distribution 
channel being set up both in India and international markets for our services business, for our 
PHS business, because that is the need of the hour. So, that business model will evolve with 
period of time. There is no such thing that we want to become producers of fuel, not at all. No, 
we have no plans right now to compete with our customers. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
Ajit Muroor: 
Okay, got it. I think that was it from my side. Thank you for answering the question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the Management of Praj Industries Limited for 
closing comments. 
Sandip Bhadkamkar: 
So, thank you everyone for your time today. In case you have any more questions, feel free to 
write us at info@praj.net and we look forward to seeing you again next quarter for this 
interaction and have a nice day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Praj Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
