NUVOCO VISTAS CORP. LTD. 
Ref. No.: Sec/70/2023-24 
August18,2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543334 
Scrip ID: NUVOCO 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
~
® 
NUvOCO 
Shaping a new world 
~ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 , Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: NUVOCO 
Sub: Transcript of Investor and Analyst Conference Call on the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023 
Further to our letter no. Sec/55/2023-24 dated August 4, 2023, letter no. Sec/60/2023-24 
dated August 10, 2023 and letter no. Sec/64/2023-24 dated August 11, 2023, please find 
enclosed the transcript of the Investor and Analyst Conference Call held on Friday, August 
11, 2023 on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
The same is also being made available on the Company's website at www.nuvoco.com. 
This is for your information and records, please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
~\stas 0 
~o('"\o:O 
~ 
Shruta Sanghavi 
SVP and Company Secretary 
Nuvoco Vistas Corp. Ltd. 
Registered Office: Equinox Business Park, Tower-3, East Wing, 4th Floor, Off. Bandra Kurla Complex, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai 400070 
Tel: +91 (0) 22 67692500 / +91 (0) 22 67692525 I Fax: +91 (0) 22 67692572 I Website: www.nuvoco.com I CIN-L26940MH1999PLC118229 
I · 
SHRUTA JATIN 
SANGHAVI
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTA JATIN SANGHAVI 
Date: 2023.08.18 10:47:14 
+05'30'

 
 
“Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited's Q1-FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYAKUMAR KRISHNASWAMY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. MANEESH AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION LIMITED 
MS. MADHUMITA BASU – CHIEF STRATEGY & 
MARKETING OFFICER, NUVOCO VISTAS CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
~ 
Nul oco* 
Shaping a new world 
~ 
~ 
Nul oco* 
Shaping a new world 
~ 
C
H
OR
us ♦CAL
L
lll 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Nuvoco 
Vistas Corporation Limited. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that the Company faces. 
The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-
looking statements on the basis of any subsequent development, information or events or 
otherwise. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Madhumita Basu – Chief Marketing, Innovation, North 
Sales and Business Development of the Company. Thank you and over to you, Ms. Basu. 
Madhumita Basu: 
Good afternoon, and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Earnings Call of Nuvoco Vistas Corporation 
Limited. 
The Indian economy continues to show signs of stability and resilience, supported by 
encouraging macro fundamentals despite global macroeconomic volatility and lingering 
geopolitical conflicts. The purchasing managers indices for manufacturing and services 
indicated sustained expansion with the manufacturing PMI at 57.9 and services PMI at 60.6 
respectively in Q1 FY24. Consumer price inflation fell sharply to 4.6% in Q1 FY24 from 6.2% 
in the previous quarter. In its recent Monetary Policy Committee meeting, RBI states that the 
Indian economy presents a story of resilience and sustainability with an expected real GDP 
growth of 6.5% in 2023-24. 
On the cement side, we believe that key government initiatives in housing and infrastructure is 
expected to drive growth well in the medium-term. These include government programs such as 
PMAY scheme, where the outlay has been increased by 66% to Rs. 66,000 crores for FY24 
Bharat Mala Phase-I and Phase-II and the Smart Cities program. We also foresee strong pre-
election infra spending before the Union Assembly Elections in 2024. 
Additionally, despite El Nino, the Indian agricultural performance and its overall growth 
prospects may emerge with limited adverse impact owing to the expected countervailing effects 
of the Indian Ocean dipole. All these augurs well for the cement demand. However, as we have 
entered a seasonally weak period, cement demand might be impacted in the near-term before 
gaining momentum with improvement in construction activities post-monsoon. 
For our call today, I would like to start with our financial performance for the quarter. Our 
revenue from operations improved by 6% YoY to Rs. 2,805 crores. As reiterated, we continue to 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
maintain price discipline as we have prioritized value over volume growth. During the quarter, 
we have broadly maintained our realization per ton quarter-upon-quarter and managed a 7% YoY 
volume growth. It would be relevant to mention here that we have also increased our premium 
product share to 37% on trade volumes. Our trade share also increased by YoY by 73%. As a 
result of all these factors, we delivered the EBITDA of Rs. 402 crores for Q1 FY24, which is up 
7% YoY, thus registering a better performance in the current competitive landscape. Here, we 
would like to remind you all that we have stopped accruing incentives from Panagarh facility 
from April 2023, which has around the Rs. 40 per ton impact in the quarter. The result 
demonstrates our commitment towards managing our costs well. 
I now quickly share comments on the three major cost elements. Cement raw material cost 
increased by 13% YoY due to increase in key commodity costs primarily slag with inflationary 
pressure. This has been partially mitigated mainly due to our long-term contracts for slag. On 
power and fuel cost, we effectively contained our costs by optimizing the fuel mix between pet 
coke, linkage coal and AFR, supported of course by the reduction in pet coke and coal prices. 
Overall power and fuel cost decreased 10% YoY. Distribution cost, however, increased 4% YoY, 
primarily with the reimposition of busy season surcharge on railway freight. 
Nuvoco is focusing on internal levers to improve the margins, mainly, one, getting maximum 
linkage coal available; two, increasing the rate of alternate fuel; three, premiumization; and 
fourth, focusing on completion of projects like railway siding. 
Net debt during the quarter increased to Rs. 4,506 crores due to working capital requirement and 
seasonality of the business. The interest rate on the other hand, has reduced by 9 bps in the 
quarter against the repo rate remaining stable since March '23. 
I briefly touch now upon our ready-mix and building materials businesses. Both the businesses 
are performing well. Revenues from ready-mix business grew by 11% YoY. We have opened 
three new ready-mix concrete plants in the last quarter in Pune, Vizag and Coimbatore, taking 
our total tally to 54 ready-mix plants. Our value-added mix in the total sales also improved to 
34% during the quarter. In modern building materials, construction chemicals, style adhesives 
and cover blocks continue to witness its improvement. 
On the sustainability front, we remain committed to our sustainability agenda, “Protect Our 
Planet.” I'm happy to mention that our carbon emission at 462 Kg Co2 per ton cementitious 
materials for FY23 validated by KPMG is amongst the best in the industry. This has been 
primarily driven by our continuous focus on blended cement, WHRS, AFR and improving 
thermal efficiencies. 
During the quarter, we have successfully commissioned an alternate fuel feeding system at 
Nimbol Cement plant, which will enable handling of wide range of fuels while increasing waste 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
recycling tonnage. We achieved a 5.2% YoY improvement in alternate fuel rate, 11.2% in Q1 
FY24, which is amongst the best in the industry. We have maintained one of the highest cement-
to-clinker ratios in the industry at 1.83 during the quarter, thus emphasizing blended cement and 
furthering decarbonization initiatives. 
I would now like to quickly run you through the update on our ongoing growth projects. Cement 
capacity expansion through 1.2 million tons per annum, a grinding unit at a Haryana cement 
plant is under progress. Civil and fabrication work is complete and equipment installation is on 
track for commissioning the cement mill by September 2023. This will take our overall cement 
capacity to 25 million tons per annum. Clinker capacity enhancement at Risda has been 
completed, while at Nimbol will be on stream by September 2023. As you are aware, the Nimbol 
facility post capacity enhancement will also support our grinding unit expansion at Haryana. On 
railway sidings projects at Odisha and Sonadih track laying activities are underway. 
Continuing our focus on innovation and new product launches during the year, the Company 
launched Duraguard Foundation to finish a premium composite cement in the market of West 
Bengal. 
The Company also launched InstaMix Superior Column Concrete and ‘Artiste Flooring 
Solution’ solution, both specialized products thereby extending the ready-mix concrete range. 
Now, let me briefly provide you some perspective on the demand and volume scenario. We 
achieved a volume growth of 7% YoY in Q1 FY24. In the North, we have achieved volume 
growth of 12% on a YoY basis and we are operating at near full capacity utilization. In order to 
cater to the demand going forward, as we have mentioned earlier, 1.2 million tons of incremental 
capacity is coming on stream at a Haryana cement plant by September 2023. 
In the East, demand was a mixed bag during the quarter. Amongst our core markets in East, 
Bihar and Jharkhand witnessed strong growth while demand in West Bengal continues to remain 
depressed. However, we believe that the demand in West Bengal is definitely about to revive 
and expect to benefit out of it due to the strong brand equity we command in the region. 
Notwithstanding the demand dynamics, in the East, we shall continue to focus on value over 
volume growth. Looking at our overall cement availability in the region, we are not looking at 
immediate capacity expansion in the East as the current capacity will provide sufficient 
headroom for growth. In the East, therefore, we will stay focused on our strategy of 
premiumization, product innovation, improving geo mix and driving healthy realizations. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. I am joined here by Mr. Jayakumar Krishnaswamy – 
Managing Director, and Mr. Maneesh Agrawal – Chief Financial Officer. We are here together 
to answer your questions. Thank you. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take our first question from the line 
of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
I wanted to know what was the clinker production in Q1? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Clinker production in Q1 FY24 stood at 2.82 million tons, just a shade short of 3 million tons. 
Amit Murarka: 
So that's I think close to around 90% utilization monthly, correct? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, that's right. 
Amit Murarka: 
So, like generally, we've not seen plants run above 95% clinker utilization for the industry and 
you are saying that you don't want to expand capacity as of now. So how should we think about 
the volume growth for you for the next two to three years in that situation? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Look, Amit, maybe I heard you right, I guess your voice is a little bit low, but let me just give 
you a little bit of background. In the last call and the previous calls saying that in the East we 
have currently no big-time expansion plans and in North we will take the Nimbol kiln to 6,000 
TPD. So, Nimbol and Chittor, we'll have about 12,000 TPD, which translates to about 4 million 
tons of clinker in North, and in the East, we are looking at between the two closes to about 13 
odd million tons of clinker, which will at a c/k ratio of 1.9, we're looking at about 25 million 
tons of grinding capacity and clinker capacity, which will be almost equal to 100% capacity 
utilization. If you remember last year, we did close to about 18.8 million tons of cement and in 
the previous call I had said that we have headroom of close to about 6 million tons, in theory, 
and as you said, the 100% capacity utilization is almost impossible. But however, a few years 
behind if you really go erstwhile, Nuvoco always operated at 90% capacity utilization in East. 
And hence this is in the DNA of the Company, and typically our kilns are reliable and then at 
98, 98.5 reliability factor, so we are able to kind of consistently run the kilns. With this kind of 
numbers and last year of 18.8 and overall grinding capacity of 25, we can safely take this overall 
with the current investments in the Company close to about 23.5 kind of a number is what we 
are envisaging, which will again translate to 90% capacity utilization. So, that's the max we 
operated in the past, that's the ambition of the Company in the near future. 
Amit Murarka: 
When is the 1,000 TPD clinker coming? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: As we speak, I think we've taken a shutdown. Four weeks from now, the commissioning will be 
complete. So, from October onwards we can safely say that in the North I will have 4 million 
annualized clicker production rates between the two factories. And that's when as Madhumita 
said, the grinding capacity in Bhiwani is also synchronized to commission in September. So, 
October onwards, we will have 1.2 million tons of grinding capacity and altogether will have 6 
million tons of grinding capacity and 4 million tons of clinker. Currently, we operate at close to 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
about 1.4 to CK ratio in the North, and if you tweak the CK ratio so we will have adequate 
clinker to produce 6 million tons of cement. 
Amit Murarka: 
And what will happen to tweak the CK ratio? Generally, we've not seen that ratio change so 
often for companies again. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Okay, now I will have go back to history to explain our ability in the past, which will help us 
what we want to drive in the future. In the East, we are one of the highest CK ratios in the entire 
industry; our CK ratio in East is over 2.1. That's the kind of number we operate in East. North 
also, 2-3 years ago when we launched Duraguard in the North, we were very clear that we will 
not get into OPC and almost all our trade channel sales were only OPC, non-trade somewhat 
OPC happened because certain markets are OPC-driven markets in the North and that's so the 
Company ran for many years. If you remember a year and a half ago when we did the listing and 
then post the Emami acquisition, we lost double bull in the North to kind of immediately get 
some market in the North, and that's where we kind of allowed some OPC to be sold in the 
North. But going forward, when clinker capacities are going to be limited for the Company and 
grinding capacity at six, our immediate focus will be to move from OPC to PPC in the core 
markets of North, and hence we will tune down OPC and ensure that we maximize blended 
cement in North as well. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jashandeep Singh Chadha from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Jashandeep S. Chadha: 
I just wanted to ask what was the CAPEX spend for the first quarter and what's the CAPEX 
guidance for FY24? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Overall, our CAPEX plan for this year is the four brownfield expansions in Nimbol, Bhiwani, 
Sonadih Siding and Jaspur Siding, in addition to that routine CAPEX and RMX expansion. All 
this as we informed in the previous call, we estimated our overall FY24 CAPEX of close to Rs. 
580 crores. As against that, we have been able to spend in Q1 close to Rs. 120 crores, and now 
with this commissioning of Bhiwani and Nimbol happening in the next one month, we can safely 
say about Rs. 100-odd crores will be spent in the next two months, over a period of the next 
balance six months and before 31st of March we have plans to spend this Rs. 550 crores give or 
take Rs. 10, 20 crores for timing and phasing, that's the kind of money we will spend during this 
year. 
Jashandeep S. Chadha: 
My next question is that if I do my calculation, there was some working capital built in this 
quarter. However, we have set a target of achieving 3,000 to 3,500 crores net debt by the end of 
this year. So, how much working capital release you are looking over the next three quarters and 
what should the road map for the deleveraging if you can just clarify on that? 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I will answer one part of the question and I will ask my CFO, Maneesh to answer the nitty-
gritties of it. As regards our target of reducing debt, in all the previous calls I've been mentioning 
that our target to reduce overall debt of the Company will be in the range of Rs. 3,500 and Rs. 
4,000 crores and not the fixed-point number of any one number. So, we'll continue to operate at 
this kind of a range because that's going to be an inflection point for us to make the next growth 
program for the Company and give or take 100, 200 crores will happen based on the overall cash 
flows, actual sales and demand which will happen. But suffice to say that our plan will be to 
have a debt around 3,500 - 4,000 in the next eight, nine, 12 months and based on that we will be 
ready to grow further the Company. As regards the release of working capital, I'll ask Maneesh 
to give you a little bit of details about the plans for the Company. 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So, generally in Q1, because of the seasonality, the working capital 
increases when compared with Q4. Three aspects; the inventory goes up as compared to the 
March period, similarly, on the receivable front and also the GST liability reduces when 
compared with March. Again, in Q2 because of the monsoon, working capital is slightly higher, 
but as the season picks up there is liquidation of inventory both on the cement and clinker stock, 
so we'll be able to unlock this working capital in Q3 and Q4. Having said so, there are a lot of 
initiatives that are being taken by the management and the teams to reduce the working capital 
considering the overall operational requirement. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: So, basically this is the quarter where we kind of up stock clinker simply because in monsoon, 
the shutdowns will start. So, we need to kind of ensure the market to be fed in September and 
October. So, there is a little bit of buildup of cement and clinker stocks. Cement, you can't build 
too many stocks because you can't store cement for more than a few weeks and it's always kept 
as a clinker. But then as you get into post pooja and then to November and December, you will 
see inventory release will happen. And secondly, last year if you recollect, a lot of inventory 
buildup happened due to fuel stocks because of imported pet coke was purchased. But this year, 
with East, fructification of the linkage coal, the overall fuel inventory is also tapering down. And 
during the course of the year, I think even there we will have adequate control in fuel stocks. So, 
working capital release will happen in the balance six to eight months and we are committed to 
paring down the debt levels of the Company to the numbers which I have mentioned year end 
thereabouts so that we're ready for the next phase of expansion plans for the Company. 
Jashandeep S. Chadha: 
I just wanted to understand the slag pricing. If we see over the last few quarters, slag pricing has 
been going up although Nuvoco have a long-term agreement. If you just can give us a sense 
from first quarter how much slag prices have increased for the industry and how do you see slag 
prices moving ahead since most of the players are trying to increase their C2C ratio, so more 
and more slag will be required whereas the supply is limited. So, if you can just give us a sense 
on that, that would be great? 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: A very good question. Last year, all of us were facing the heat of fuel prices but with fuel prices 
coming down internationally as well as locally, I think one of the things which really got heated 
up is slag prices and this is somewhat region-specific which is most of the slag is used in the 
East and not in other parts of India. Availability is also in that region; consumption is also mostly 
in that region. And for some reason inexplicable slag prices are currently on a runaway train. 
Not that demand of cement has gone up that much, but overall, talk about market scenario, but 
slag availability is a challenge plus slag prices is a challenge. There are two reasons for it. One 
is, I think the slag is still a biproduct of the steel industry, but with not very big capacities coming 
in the steel industry, there is generally the availability of slag is now kind of limited or 
constrained by the expansion plans of steel industry. That's one thing which none of us can 
control. But whereas the second one is a very unique reason, with the railways not giving 
adequate amount of rakes for the cement industry, all the rakes are still being diverted on a 
priority basis to the power sector, foodgrain sector and fertilizer sector. And hence rake 
availability is a big challenge for the cement industry. We have been continuously representing 
to the railways ministry to allocate more rakes for us. Because rakes are not available, then slag 
movement is a big constraint, and invariably people move through road and non-availability of 
rakes means inability to lift the slack from steel companies is a big challenge. You got two 
reasons which is the main constraint. The third important constraint is the type of slag, which 
industry is able to generate. Slag, as you would know, has got different types of slag. We have 
got something called a BF slag; we've got something called a LD slag. Because the furnace in 
which they make steel is different, the byproduct is also different. And in general, the availability 
of the usable or good slag available for cement industry is limited. These are the principal reasons 
for slag prices to go up. Having said this, in terms of number, if you want me to explain, last 
year Q1 the slag rates available in East for us… I can't tell the overall industry, for us I will tell, 
we were procuring slag at a blended cost of market slag as well as the long-term contract slag 
for Nuvoco was trending at about Rs. 1,100 per ton, which currently is trending at about Rs. 
1,450 per ton. This is how it is impacting Nuvoco with the long-term contract. But I really want 
you to keep this in line with the kind of slag prices prevailing in the market, which is very, very 
challenging. People are contracting slag at Rs. 2,800 to Rs. 3,000 per ton, and that's a massive 
price for slag. And in many cases, we simply walk away from the option because it doesn't suit 
us at all, and there's no point kind of buying slag at this price because slag price is almost equal 
to clinker price. So, it does only 1:1 replacement. But we are blessed with the long-term contract 
which we have which is about 2.5 million tons of contracting, which we have with Tata Steel 
and that's coming into our use and hence our blended rate is much lower than many of our 
competition rates at about Rs. 1,400 per tons. Having said so, as Mita explained, slag prices have 
indeed impacted the raw material prices by about 13% of the raw material price increase and the 
majority of it is coming through slag price increase in Q1 vis-à-vis with the previous time. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Ravi: 
Could you tell us what was the per kCal costing of fuel in this quarter? 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: In Q1 for Nuvoco as a blended between East and North, we're looking at close to about Rs. 1.94 
per million kCal which a composition of AFR, imported coal, pet coke as well as non-linkage 
domestic coal. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Cost has already come up by 40 paisa sequentially from 2.31? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Fair to say that our costs have come down to this kind of number, which is currently trending. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Are you looking further softening in this number or you are close to bottomed out on costing 
side? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: If we really look at the various components of this going, Rajesh, one is the international pet 
coke, then we have the linkage coal, then we have the domestic open market coal as well as 
AFR. I'll just try and explain each one of it. Linkage coal is kind of trending at about 1.27, 1.3, 
I guess that's the number which is there currently, and I don't see a big change because I think 
from all the conversations, we've had with officials of coal industry and rest of the market guys, 
I guess, coal production in the country has increased and we don't see a major blip happening on 
linkage coal prices. So that's one thing we can probably assume this is a kind of number it will 
be there. Domestic open market coal is always linked to the linkage coal. I guess it will have 
some gap and that will continue. International pet coke you see, in one order even bought at 
$105.00 per ton. But that was one flash order, but currently the going rate is $120, 125 per ton 
and a last few weeks there is some upward movement of pet coke prices. It all depends on the 
international scenario, but as of now, our read of the market is maybe for the next two, three, 
four months, this is the kind of number which will trend at $125 per ton, which standalone pet 
coke will be about Rs. 2.3, 2.4 per million cal. AFR again is a component of carbon black, you 
got RDF and rest of all the other components which are there. Pet coke for some reason is very 
expensive. Carbon black for some reason is indexed with pet coke and hence the AFR rate is 
still not low, AFR which used to cost at about 90 paisa per million cal is currently trending at 
Rs. 1.40 paisa per million cal. So, my read is at 1.94, there is some elbow room for 0.1, 0.15. 
Beyond that, I don't see major tempering of cost in the next one, two quarters. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
On the working capital front, in March quarter, your working capital already turned quite strong, 
non-cash working capital was close to Rs. 200 crores negative. So, is there any further room or 
again there also you have squeezed your working capital to the maximum? 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
As I said in Q1 and Q2, working capital is at increased levels when compared with Q4. So, it's 
all about managing working capital. We are taking requsite steps to to keep it at the appropriate 
level. However as of now it seems it's not going to go down below the levels that we have seen 
in March. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
And Rs,500-odd crores is what the CAPEX what you're targeting, right? 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Correct. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So broadly what I'm looking at is how do you see your net debt reduction in this financial year? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Very difficult for me currently to put a ballpark number, but having said that, I certainly look at 
the market, Q1 we did about 7% volume growth and if we are able to kind of sustain this kind 
of growth levels and also in Q4, typically, market will open up much more. And with elections 
pending, which Mita spoke in her initial speech, give or take, if the growth can be touching 
double digit, this kind of number is there, then I guess the profitability levels which we 
mentioned in our quarter of Rs. 402 crores, I guess if we're able to sustain this kind of results in 
the balance three quarters with positive uptick in demand, then I guess as we exit Q4 and enter 
Q1 next year, our ambition of going debt levels in the region which I mentioned 4,000-ish less 
than that. That's the ideal time for us to look at how do we take this Company forward in terms 
of growth plans. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Are you talking about net debt, right 4,000 crores? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Absolutely, absolutely. Net debt is what we always anchor on and that's the number we will work 
on. Give or take, it will be a range always, it's not going to be a fixed number, but we have been 
assuring all the investors in the various calls in the last one year this is the number we are 
targeting and I guess we are disciplined, we are focused and we are committed to kind of 
reaching these levels of number before we kind of take up the next wave of large expansion for 
the Company. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
A couple of questions. First, on the CAPEX side. Whenever the Company post the figure on 
CAPEX, whether it is 12 months from now, nine months from now, what is the thought behind… 
what kind of CAPEX are you looking at in terms of capacity in capital intensity? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: If you're looking at this year, as informed in the previous calls, the CAPEX has got two buckets 
for us; one is the Brownfield expansion, the second one is the mandatory routine CAPEX to run 
the tests and make those tweaks and make that test ready for use; and third one is a very small 
amount of CAPEX for the ready-mix business CAPEX expansion. So, if you really look at these 
three buckets, the first bucket is all the Brownfield expansion. We started in last fiscal H1 was 
Haryana grinding unit 1.2 million, Sonadih railway siding for clinker transport was the second 
CAPEX which we had, Nimbol debottlenecking to increase clinker capacity in North and also 
AFR in Nimbol, and then also we had the Jajpur railway siding, Jojobera to take the capacity to 
11,500 TPD clinker and AFR. These were the big ticket CAPEX items in terms of increasing the 
capacity of the Company, 1st from 23.8 million tons to 25 million tons of cement and also clinker 
to match the 25 million tons of installed capacity of cement. Addition to that, the other two 
CAPEX were all cost savings-related CAPEX. One was to reduce the freight cost by taking 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
clinker from Sonadih into Jajpur and various siding unit, that was the first bit of internal lever to 
reduce the distribution cost of clinker. The second was to pare down the fuel cost by installing 
AFR units in two big units of Risda and Nimbol, we already had it in Chittor. So, cost reduction 
in two projects; one for fuel, second for distribution cost. Capacity expansion in three projects; 
Nimbol, Bhiwani and Risda. Those were the big CAPEXs, which we did in the cement side of 
business. In the ready-mix side of business, we parked some money for opening up new plants. 
As I've mentioned in my previous calls, our ambition is to move from the current 55 plants to 
70 plants in the next one year. And those are all very small CAPEX, but then there's money 
parked for setting up ready-mix plant. And the last one is the land purchase and routine CAPEX 
to run the operations. So that's close to about Rs. 150-odd crores. All put together, we have 
targeted in this fiscal to spend about Rs. 580 crores. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
I was trying to understand after this CAPEX and when the Company has Rs. 3,500 crores to Rs. 
4,000 crores of debt, what is the kind of capacity once you decide on the strategy and pulling 
the trigger for the next leg of CAPEX, what kind of size and CAPEX would you be looking at? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: So, I guess I will say the same thing which you have said. So, I've been saying it in the last few 
calls, but we are very consistent in what we are communicating. Once we kind of get the debt 
levels to the numbers which we have assured all of you guys, there are two options for us; one 
is to expand the Chittor factory, using the Nimbahera limestone for a Brownfield expansion, and 
we also have the option of setting up Gulbarga for western region. As I mentioned in the past, 
the number one choice will be to get the Brownfield CAPEX going in Chittor, that would be 
setting up of additional kiln in Chittor and also have a one more Grinding unit, either in West 
MP or in Western UP. That's the plan and that should target ballpark number I'm mentioning. A 
new kiln should cost anywhere between about Rs. 800 crores and the grinding unit about Rs. 
500 crores. So, looking at about 1,200 to 1,400 crores of investment for a Brownfield expansion. 
But if you really look at Greenfield, if we were to go for a Gulbarga for Maharashtra, which will 
be much higher, which would be in excess of Rs. 2,000 crores. But as we stand today with the 
positive developments in Rajasthan and Nimbahera, what looks to be feasible or incline, we are 
inclined for Nimbahera. But all that depends on how do we pay the debt, and I guess once we 
secure the board approval, we will inform all of you. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
This would be 6,000 tons with Rs. 800 crores? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, sorry I missed that one. So, I think at this point of time, we are keeping it open because 
Chittor is the 6,000 TPD line and I can do a mirror image of that. But Risda, we have a 10,000 
TPD line which is now currently debottlenecked to 11,500. So, we are not hard and fast 
concluding at 6,000 TPD. I think closer to the date we will decide whether it could be 6,000 or 
a 7,500 or a 10,000 TPD. But as of now, we're keeping the options open. We're still working on 
technical design for all these three options. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just a second question on the eastern market. The volume growth has been lower than what 
others have been reporting. Is it largely a function of micro markets? How much is West Bengal 
as a percentage of overall volumes? One of the peers did mention that it lost market share. It is 
going to recoup that market share in the next few quarters. When you look at your own micro 
markets what's happening, how would you look at volume growth? You mentioned that slag 
prices are high, the entire cost of producing cement in East is actually on the higher side given 
what's happening. But we're seeing the players losing market share, some players operating at 
higher 90% utilization. Despite that, we're seeing continued pricing pressure in specific region. 
So, what needs to happen so that pricing improves, especially when one of the players is talking 
about regaining market share in the next few quarters? 
Madhumita Basu: 
So, it's really in two or three parts, so I'll break it up. Your first question was how are we seeing 
our growth vis-à-vis the industry. So, as I mentioned, at a strategic stance, our volume thrust will 
be in North and in East we will prioritize value over volume. So, in North in our judgment the 
market grew ~10% and we have grown 12%. We are well poised to take the additional capacity 
increase in Haryana. On the eastern side, we have to take a look at the market in two clusters. 
The overall growth in our estimate has been about 11%. The two clusters for us, the cluster are 
East Bengal, Bihar and Jharkhand. This has seen about an 8%, 9% kind of growth and we have 
maintained our market share in this market. A good bit of growth came out of the Chhattisgarh, 
Odisha markets almost at a 19% kind. These markets have traditionally been lower-priced and 
higher on non-trade. So, as you know, we have been reiterating our trade centricity, our 
premiumization as well as our focus on Bengal, Bihar and Jharkhand given our very large 
facilities in these markets. We clearly prioritized value over volume, and in principle this will be 
our right guiding strategy. We will calibrate as we see the. demand dynamics in the market. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just the second part of that question was overall dynamics in the region in terms of pricing and 
cost and especially given one player is talking about regaining market share. What does the 
management think about pricing in the region and what needs to happen for pricing? 
Madhumita Basu: 
I missed out part-two. So, on part-two again, as you know, we have a really premium slag brand 
in concrete, so procurement cost advantage on this product. So, we will continue to prioritize on 
Concreto. Last year we also upped the Concreto offer in the market with Concreto Uno. The 
market dynamics would be impacted with price of slag cost. Here apart from our slag-driven 
Concreto-driven strategy, I'd like to clarify that we are in the business of brands and we see good 
fungibility for fly ash, PPC and PCC cement. So, we will calibrate our mix depending on the 
emerging dynamics. On the overall price, we have revisited the clinker addition numbers, and a 
perspective that we've been sharing on previous calls that when you look at the eastern region 
demand, one should take a call on the clinker addition and not just the cement capacity addition. 
That dynamics still remain at a 44 million tons clinker base of FY22. Ten million tons of 
additional clinker capacity, which was to come in over the two years from '22 is in place now. 
So, there is a situation of overcapacity at the moment. However, the next addition of clinker as 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
per stated timelines of industry players, will only come in FY26. So, we do believe that the 
clinker dynamics will still drive the edge on pricing in the region. So, standing where we are, it 
is difficult to take a call on price outlook, but we are seeing stability, we are seeing positive 
demand come up as we get into the election year. And as I said, our advantage lies in ability to 
straddle different price lines with our brand portfolio as well as our trade centricity. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My first question is with respect to our growth strategy and specifically with respect to inorganic 
growth, because we have been evaluating a few assets which given our balance sheet is a bit 
difficult to understand. So, just want to know how are we looking at inorganic growth 
opportunities in the market? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: As regards our growth strategy, I think we have clearly mentioned in the past many calls that we 
are focused on organic growth as well as preceded by reducing the debt levels of the Company. 
And we will stick to that strategy at this point of time and of course, the primary focus will be 
to reduce the debt, do the Brownfield expansion, take the capacity to 25 million tons and once 
the debt level comes down then we find a way to set up additional capacities through Brownfield 
in the North or through Greenfield in West. That's the current plan for the next couple of years 
and that's what we are focused on. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
That is reassuring. One is, I missed the details on the incentive income which is discontinued. 
So, if you could just share those details and also maybe explain what sort of incentive incomes 
are already in our realization, what are we benefiting and what is the expiry schedule of those 
incentives? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: On incentive, if you see our Nimbol plant in Rajasthan, we had incentives in Jharkhand, we had 
incentives in Bengal. Three years ago, we stopped Mejia so that is out of syllabus. As regards 
Panagarh, as we mentioned in the previous call, from 1st April onwards, we stopped accruing 
Panagarh and that goes away. In Rajasthan the period of incentive has come to an end, so I guess 
that's also off 1st June onwards, Rajasthan both in Nimbol and Chittor is off. Bhabua was off 
some time ago as well. So, at this point of time, the only incentive which we are accruing is the 
Jojobera incentive. Other than that, our P&L does not have any incentive accrual at all. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Is it possible to quantify what was the total incentive income in say FY23 and what is it likely 
to be in FY24? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: May I request you to have a reach out to our guys so that we're able to give you all these granular 
details. I think we can get, but they are drawn into a few columns and the best would be for you 
to reach out to Investor Relations and we'll be happy to provide all details. Not to worry at all. 
You can reach out to us and we will give you details. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pratik Kumar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Kumar: 
My first question is on EBITDA per ton. So, we had like the 780 EBITDA per ton during this 
quarter with probably peak of fuel cost benefit in the business or near peak incentives are like 
sort of going out largely as you said. So, how do we see EBITDA per ton shaping up for the 
Company going forward versus like obviously we used to have much higher target earlier when 
the industry pricing and cost were supportive during the time of IPO. But how do you see 
EBITDA per ton for the Company and is the industry pricing is the only driver left for the 
business? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: I guess EBITDA improvement from here on will be still, there's a lot of things that the 
management will do, we are doing, and we will focus to do. One of the things which we will 
focus on, as Mita mentioned a few minutes ago in one of the previous questions, one of the focus 
areas for us will be to get the premiumization going. Last year we had 37% premiumization and 
our target is to get Premiumization to excess of 40% which means more Concrete Uno or more 
Duraguard Micro Fibre, all these will basically give us additional NODT which will flow into 
the bottom line. That will be one top line lever. The second top line lever will be to get higher 
realization markets in East and North. We have a target of improving sales in some markets of 
BBJGRM, which means Bihar, Bengal, Jharkhand, Gujarat and Rajasthan. These are the areas 
where we will get bulk of our sales, which would again get more Geo optimization would mean 
more NODT and more realization. The third one is with the commissioning of Haryana Cement 
plant. We will focus more sales at Haryana market which would give us additional top line plus 
incentive benefits will accrue out of Haryana. So, these are the top three levers revenue-based 
levers to get EBITDA. On the cost lines, certainly I think we will get our AFR fully expanded. 
Currently trending at 11.2%. Our target is to get the AFR consumption to close to 20%. Chitttor 
has already demonstrated 25%. Nimbol also demonstrated 20%. So, if we were to get it, then 
AFR will be the second lever for us on the cost line. And with full capacity of WHR and CPP 
running, we'll get some savings out of the WHR and CPP lines. And last but not the least, with 
the Sonadi Railway siding coming and the Jajpur Railway siding, we expect the reduction in 
distribution cost coming into the Company. At this point of time all this put together will have a 
bottom-line EBITDA improvement over the number where we are currently trending. And the 
second one is all about the pricing lever which you mentioned. As we have seen from Quarter 4 
to Quarter 1, prices went up in Quarter 1, but again came back and overall net-net price increase 
did not have a major impact. I only expect the prices to firm up a little bit more, so we were able 
to get some pricing advantage from the overall product pricing in the market, plus all the internal 
levers and premiumization, geo mix, AFR, CPP, WHR and railway siding, I guess we certainly 
can improve the overall EBITDA of the Company from the Q1 actuals going forward. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Pratik Kumar: 
My second question is on freight cost, so freight cost on a sequential basis on a per ton basis has 
gone up. Is this largely reflection of building up of clinker inventory and moving to respective 
grinding units prior to monsoons? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Two reasons. One is it is busy season surcharge, which has happened by the railways. So, I guess 
typically they would cut down, but they never. The good news is from 1st of August it has been 
withdrawn for few months. I hope it continues for 4-5 months, but that's an impact which hit the 
distribution cost. The second one was non-availability of rakes which played havoc in Q1, which 
resulted in movement of clinker from IUs to GUs by road. So, these two are the reasons which 
kind of impacted the distribution cost by which it went up. Our PTPK still continues to be good 
and comparable to the rest of the major players in the industry, so we are very pleased with the 
work done by our logistics team. Small changes in lead distance happen, but one can't target 3 
kilometers to 2 kilometers reduction in lead distance, but there is no major increase in lead 
distance. The two important levers by which we got impacted was railways not able to get 
adequate rakes and second one was busy season surcharge. The busy season surcharge got 
withdrawn now. Rake availability kind of improving and then our engagement with railways 
shows that they are likely to improve going forward. These two should reduce the pressure on 
distribution cost. 
Pratik Kumar: 
One last question, there was this recent changes in BIS Regulation on composite cement which 
is expected to impact the clinker ratio. What is our clinker-composite cement mix and does this 
regulation have an impact on our clinker ratio? Also, does higher slag prices in general because 
of higher number of cement capacities in East, would this also have an impact on clinker ratio 
over medium term? 
Madhumita Basu: 
As I mentioned before, we are in the business of brands and our Duraguard brand straddles both 
fly ash as well as composite cement. So, we treat the mix as fungible to address any cost inflation. 
With specific reference to the revision in BIS specs and its impact on cost for us, the cost impact 
has been nominal in our case because we were not stretched out on the highest end of the clinker 
optimization. So, we've been able to manage the cost well on the PCC front. It's only the slag 
inflation which is keeping us open to product substitution. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Our thrust on PCC would always be based on how much unlock I can do on the clinker. This is 
what we had said a year and half ago. We launched our PCC cement because we got grinding 
units in Jajpur and Panagarh and hence we forayed into that and we have a good product in the 
market which is doing very well. We scaled it up very well. But fly ash cement as well as 
composite cement are coexisting in many markets and as Mita said, we will be able to tweak our 
product strategy based on the pricing of slack in the market and the BIS standard which is coming 
to vogue now.  
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ankit Patel from HSBC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Patel: 
My first question actually partly was a partly answered earlier when the question on EBITDA 
per ton, but I still wanted to understand in terms of what would be the expected stabilized 
EBITDA per ton that the Company targets because historically it's been around that Rs. 700 or 
Rs 800 per ton on a quarterly basis at max, whereas certain other peers competitors, it's been 
going up to about Rs. 1000 and higher as well. So, that's my first question. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: The answer to the question is there's always a recency effect and the history to it actually. So, 
probably you are referring to the recency effect in the last 18 months to 20 months. So, yes, the 
EBITDA levels were a little bit low reasons all of us know because of the abnormal increase in 
fuel prices which kind of impacted. And also, NODT price that did not kind of compensate for 
the fuel pricing increase. But fuel prices kind of bottomed out now and in the past, if you divide 
East and North, think East EBITDAs were much higher than the last one and half years where 
we have recorded as a Company. North EBITDA per ton also has improved. In the previous 
calls, we had mentioned how North EBITDA per ton, industry prices corrected, Nuvoco 
EBITDA levels also improved in the last two years. I only foresee the improvement of the 
various levers which I mentioned in geo mix, premiumization, AFR, railway siding projects, all 
these are East focused and hence we will unlock value out of all these initiatives which would 
add to the overall EBITDA levels in East going forward in the coming years. So, to pinpoint a 
number at this point of time would be inappropriate, but suffice to say, each one of these 
initiatives has got the capability to unlock values to the extent of Rs. 20- Rs. 30 per ton. 
Ankit Patel: 
My second question, Sir, was on the some of the high-cost debt, which is there on your balance 
sheet, these perpetuals which were raised erstwhile in the pre-IPO time, earlier when it was part 
of the Nirma, I think there is about Rs. (+ 300) crores of perpetuals which are there at a higher 
cost so just wanted to understand, would you have to raise fresh equity to meet the replacement 
covenant there when they become due next year and in 2027 or would the IPO that you have 
done in 2021 suffice to meet the equity raising requirement over there to maybe bring that down 
in terms of cost? 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
So, basically the operating cash flows that are going to be generated are sufficient to take care 
of this payout. So, we're not going to be raising any equity for meeting these repayments. 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, but there was a replacement covenant where you can only replace it by either with the 
leveraging coming down below certain level or having an equity which you have raised prior to 
the call date of a higher value than the issuance. So, would the IPO Rs. 1500 crore which you 
have raised suffices that is what I was wondering. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Jayakumar Krishnaswami: I think as Manish mentioned, I think we will not get into the direction of equity infusion to 
handle this stuff. The cash flows from the business will be sufficient to handle the covenants in 
the debt repayment requirement. But in the past calls I have mentioned so I will restate it one 
more time, we are very confident that to grow this business we are comfortable with the 
continued debt levels of Rs. 3500 crores to Rs. 4000 crores. We have currently no plans to kind 
of reduce the debt to far lower levels. We will infuse if we would get into growth mode if we are 
around at Rs. 3500 crores and Rs. 4000 crores and as a company, we are clear that this kind of 
debt level is manageable and because we need to fuel growth for the Company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Let me first of all congratulate you because your working capital was probably the best in a 
FY23, assuming yours was the only Company which had a negative working capital, and I'm 
simply doing his creditors minus the inventories and receivables. So, there we saw a net negative 
of Rs. 50 crores. But my question is last year in FY22, this was the same way, this was over 
nearly 450 crores. So, just wanted to understand what different are we doing to be the only 
Company in the negative zone in terms of working capital and how sustainable is this? Is it 
linked to the high coal cost which was in the past and hence there is a possibility that it can again 
turn into instead of further release there could be a charge of roughly around Rs. 300 crores to 
Rs. 400 crores, which is. In line with other peers or this is more sustainable. How would you 
look at it. 
Maneesh Agrawal: 
In fact, I've mentioned the same thing last quarter also. In Quarter 4, given the trade centricity 
of our business, we received a lot of support from our channel partners and we were able to get 
good collections in the Quarter 4 and this actually helped us to reduce the receivables. On the 
RMX side, we are continuing to drive collections on the cash ‘n’ carry model. Around 30% of 
our collections are coming on advance basis and the rest of the collections are also on very 
competitive terms. On the inventory front also, there was lot of inventory that got built up in the 
H1 of  last  year, which was liquidated over the next two quarters. And we have also seen that 
the fuel prices have stared softening. So, to that extent on the inventory side, we are not going 
to have that sort of a high number. And also on the payable side, we were actually negotiating 
our terms depending upon the various vendors, the kind of inventory that we buy on a 60 days, 
90 days, 120 days. So, depending upon what sort of opportunity the market provides us, we are 
going to be looking at that sort of payment terms. So, overall, I would say the number that we 
had in March ‘23 corresponding to that, it has increased in Quarter 1. Quarter 2 also would be 
broadly in line with the Quarter 1 numbers. But Quarter 3, Quarter 4 numbers, it's going to be 
better as we liquidate the cement and clinker stocks in line with the seasonality of the business. 
So, in terms of specific numbers, you can reach out to our investor cell and they can give the 
numbers for each of these line items much more in detail. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Navin Sahadeo: 
The only thing is will it continue to be negative is what, because I understand it's seasonal and 
towards the second half, the working capital tends to be far more lean. I appreciate that. Just 
wanted to ensure, or rather just confirm if this can remain negative or it can slip into positive 
zone? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswami: It's all the range based actually, so it's like kind of at this point of time we are committed, we try 
to do few things and I think it's worked very well for us. But as a Management, we would still 
try and get the net working capital if it is negative that's the number which we will try to achieve 
going forward. But suffice to say that it will not be at the numbers where we were a year ago or 
two years ago. So, our endeavor will be to try and sustain this kind of numbers going forward. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
My second question was about expansion plans and of course you clarified that until unless the 
debt comes in the range of Rs. 3500 crores to Rs. 4000 crores and of course, I am aware of the 
on hand debottlenecking projects as well but the other next leg of expansion you said is when 
the debt becomes more comfortable in that Rs. 3500 crores to Rs. 4000 crores range. So, here I 
just wanted, if possible if you could give more clarity because you said there is a plan to do a. 
Line-2 Risda and there is a plan to do at Line-2 in Chittorgarh and then there is also an optionality 
of doing a Greenfield project altogether in Gulbarga whichever the Board decides. So, here just 
a little bit clarity will help because if at all the Company is keen on going to Gulbarga where it 
is already a very overcrowded market, on day one itself your utilizations at least for few years 
are like in line with the peers who are far more in terms of utilization. So, is there a thought 
process that you can sell-off those limestone mines in Gulbarga, deleverage or get that cash and 
use for expansions in Line-2 at the existing locations where other companies are being far more 
aggressive in terms of their capacity share or capacity expansion. So, is there some thought, I 
think that kind of thing will give far more conviction to investors. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, I guess what you have given is your perspective of what we need to do, but I think we have 
a very clear perspective of what we want to do as a Company. First of all, I would like to say 
that I don't think we'll ever kind of sell mines. Those are all resources for the Company, that's 
our future and those are all the jewels on our crown going forward. So, we consider every mine 
which we have is our jewel and then we will nurture, run, maintain, sustain and expand. So, 
that's the first thing on mine. As regards what do we do with the options, I think ever since we 
listed, I've been doing this calls for now close to two years and I will maintain what I have said 
because we have a very strong conviction on what we are doing. We are very clear that we have 
choices to grow in the Company in Nimbahera. We have choices in Gulbarga. We have mines in 
Guntur. We also have adequate limestone deposit in the rest of the current factories. We also 
limestone deposit in Nagaur. But having looked at all these options, we've also mentioned that 
our next wave of expansion will happen in the North or West, and the choices which we had was 
to expand in Chittor the Brownfield, which is a capital-effective, cost-effective expansion. The 
other option was set up a line in Gulbarga but we are very clear that Gulbarga for us will feed 
the Western market and not the Southern market. So, when Gulbarga comes it will be grinding 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 

 
Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
unit for Maharashtra and South Gujarat. Nimbahera will be for Rajasthan and up North or West. 
So, our expansion program is sustained East in the short run, expand once the debt pays down 
in the North or West. That's our expansion plan for the Company and you asked about whether 
the Board approves? That's not that we go to the Board with an approval for the board we that is 
a technical term to ensure that when we put up a proposal, of course we will expand with Board 
clearance to invest money. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you so much for the clarity. And just one last thing, what is the exposure to domestic coal 
for us as a Company since you're on the Eastern side? 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: So, we've got the linkage coal in East as well as North we've got linkage coal for our kiln as well 
as our CPPs in Risda, Sonadih, Arasmeta and Jojobera, all our plants in East support linkage 
coal for CPP as well as the kiln coal. As we stand, the maximum amount of linkage coal which 
will help us run our each factories is the tune of about 35% of our fuel requirements. But at a 
blended rate North there is no linkage coal, North is all imported coal or petcoke. Overall, as a 
Company we can get a maximum use of about 25% to 26% of linkage coal and that's the 
advantage we have as a Company. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Yes, because those linkage coal prices, Coal India revised it a few months by about 7% to 8%. 
So, that impact would have come into the numbers for the June quarter or it will come now more 
so. 
Jayakumar Krishnaswamy: Yes, at one point of time we used to get linkage cool at 1.1 to 1.15 and all so I think 1.27 is as 
per the new prices of Coal India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Madhumita Basu for closing comments. Over 
to you. 
Madhumita Basu: 
Thank you for your engagement and questions. In summary, cement demand is expected to 
witness a healthy uptick in FY24 with the strong momentum in the housing and government led 
infrastructure development projects. We continue to focus on operational efficiencies, realization 
improvement and remain committed to our cost reduction, growth and sustainability projects. 
Our Investor Relations Team is available for any further clarifications and detailing that you may 
require. Thank you once again for joining us today. Wish you a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvoco Vistas Corporation Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
~ 
Nu"oco* 
Shaplng a new world 
~ 
