DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008 Tel: +91 22 66187000 Fax: +91 22 66589970 Website: www.dcbbank.com 
Ref. No.CO:CS:RC:2023-24:127 
August 01, 2023  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
1st floor Dalal Street. 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532772 
NSE Symbol: DCBBANK 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on July 28, 2023 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on July 28, 2023 with respect to the Financial 
Results of DCB Bank Limited (“the Bank”) for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The same 
has also been uploaded on website of the Bank and can be accessed at the link given below: 
 https://www.dcbbank.com/upload/pdf/DCB-Bank-Q1-FY24-Earnings-Call-Transcript-July-28-2023.pdf 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For DCB Bank Limited 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl: As stated above 
Rubi 
Chaturvedi
Digitally signed by 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Date: 2023.08.01 
16:22:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
“DCB Bank Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURALI M NATRAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RAVI KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. AJIT KUMAR SINGH – CHIEF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS OFFICER 
MR. PRAVEEN KUTTY – HEAD RETAIL BANKING 
MR. SRIDHAR SESHADRI – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
MR. VENKATTESH R – HEAD OPERATIONS, 
TECHNOLOGY , HUMAN RESOURCES & CIO 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to DCB Bank Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Joining us on the call today are Mr. Murali M Natrajan – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Ravi 
Kumar – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ajit Kumar Singh – Chief Investor Relations Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on the touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now have the conference over to Mr. Murali M Natrajan. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Thank you very much. Good evening all of you. Welcome to the Quarter 1 FY2024 Investor 
Call. 
First of all, let me sincerely apologize to all of you for delaying this call by 15 minutes. The 
reason is that we had some technical difficulty in uploading the information and that took us a 
while to sort out that technical problem. Otherwise would have given you more time to go 
through all the information. 
I'm joined by our Management Team here. Praveen Kutty, who is the Head of Retail Banking, 
we have Ravi Kumar, who's CFO, we have Shridhar who's the CRO, we  have Venkatesh who’s 
Operations, Technology and HR Head and then we have the rest of the Management Team. 
This is about Quarter 1 FY 2024. So, in the first few minutes I'll give some highlights and then 
we will open up for questions. 
Our interest income growth has been in line with our average balance sheet growth on a year-
on-year basis. As I had mentioned to you in the last call that in the EBLR methodology, we 
increase the interest rate of customers as the EBLR is changed by RBI and whereas the cost of 
fund impact comes through later and that is why you see some level of reduction in our NIMs, 
but it is still higher than and in line with our business model, which is what we have been talking 
about. 
Core fee income seems to be growing in line with the balance sheet. What I would like to 
mention is that one and half years ago we used to have a substantial amount of income from 
PSLC. Unfortunately, that whole income stream has more or less disappeared. Although we do 
sell PSL but the rates are so weak that the income is not substantial anymore. But still we have 
been able to make up through other income stream. 
We've had reasonably good control over the speed at which expense is growing. You will notice 
that our total income growth, which was lower than that total expense growth last year, this year 
we are more or less in line with that. Of course, we will continue to make investments in the 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 3 of 11 
frontline in order to double our balance sheet in the timeframe that we had mentioned in the 
strategic areas, core areas like mortgage, co-lending, AIB, Construction Finance and SME. 
In terms of credit cost, we are still very much in control of credit cost, although there has been 
a slight increase in NPA. This is primarily on account of now most of the loans have come out 
of moratorium, a very small portion is left which also would be finished by July and we had 
some delays in terms of recovery and upgrades, but we are confident that over the next one to 
two quarters, we'll be able to catch up on that. And as you know, last year every quarter we have 
been able to deliver almost equal to the slippages and we expect our recoveries and upgrades to 
pick up momentum in the coming months. 
Overall, usually the 1st Quarter is slightly lower, but if you look at our year-on-year deposit 
growth, it has been about 22.6%. And if you look at our loan growth is about 19%. This is despite 
the fact that TReDS portfolio, which is the invoice discounting portfolio that we were doing on 
the platform that disbursal was very low in the 1st Quarter. We hope to pick up because the rates 
were not so good and we decided not to participate in an unprofitable kind of thing but we think 
that this momentum will pick up in Quarter 2 or Quarter 3. And other than that, of course the 
rest of the businesses are functioning well and we are seeing momentum in that. 
We have opened about 8-odd branches in line with our 25 to 30 branches approach. 
Our capital adequacy continues to be strong. The entire banking industry, many of the results 
that have been declared have had some struggle on CASA because the interest rates have been 
high on term deposit. There has been some flight of money from CASA to term deposit. We 
have also experienced such a situation but we are putting more efforts on CASA ratio to try and 
reach our long term stated goal of 30% above. 
The cost of funds increase is in line with our expectation and we think that there may be a little 
bit more increase in cost of funds, although not at the same pace at which it has happened in the 
last two quarters. 
Those are some of the highlights I wanted to share with you, I am happy to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take the 
first question from the line of Mr. Suraj Das from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Suraj Das: 
A couple of questions are from my side. On the disbursement, I can understand there is 
seasonality in the 1st Quarter as you mentioned in your opening remarks as well. Just wanted to 
check one specific line item MSME and SME disbursement. I think that is very low compared 
to last quarter it was something around 840 cores and now it is only 384. So, is this because the 
TReDS portfolio has come down as you mentioned in the opening remarks or there are any other 
thing that has caused this? That is the first question, Sir. 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 4 of 11 
Murali M Natrajan: 
 So, there are two parts to our MSME/SME lending. The substantial part of our MSME/SME 
lending is the normal CCOD term loan type of product, which is the largest portfolio. Then we 
had embarked upon trade about 1.5 to 2 years ago and it has performed very well without any 
NPAs. And it has helped us to park our excess liquidity as you generate because there's always 
a mismatch between generation of deposits and like for example while some refinance from 
NHB, it comes in a big quantum and it takes time for you to disburse those money. So, those 
kind of excess liquidity we park in TReDS. For whatever market reason from March 2023 to 
almost till June 2023, we found that the interest rate that was prevailing in the TReDS was not 
something that we wanted to participate that is no. 1 and no.2 also there was some change that 
we still have to understand in regulatory guidelines, in terms of what is the risk weight that you 
can assign to the loans that you generate because our understanding of the guidelines seems to 
indicate that we have to have a specific rating of the principal else we'll have to keep 100% risk 
weight. So, with the lower interest rate and the higher risk weight, it doesn't make sense because 
it will not beat our 14%, ROE. So, we backed off from that. So, the disbursal that you see in low 
volumes on SME/MSME is almost 90%-95% because of TReDS. 
Suraj Das: 
The next question is on the yield on advances, this quarter if I see on quarter-on-quarter basis, 
so it has declined by around 12 basis point. So, just wanted to know what are the reasons 
probably behind this because ideally, other banks, they are seeing QoQ rise in the yield on 
advances. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See, it depends on the mix of products. There has been no change in our strategy or any issues 
regarding that. Supposing we disbursed a little bit more of corporate or let's say for example, co-
lending, we might end up having slightly lesser average yield on advances. So, we don't expect 
any major issues in terms of the product mix and the yield on advances. So, as we pick up more 
momentum in our core products like AIB and Mortgages in the coming months, I believe that 
unless there is some substantial competitive issue or something we should not have any problem 
in this and we still want to maintain that our business model is in the range of. 370-375 basis 
point NIM. 
Suraj Das: 
And last couple of questions from my side is Sir one on the slippages side, so there has been 
QoQ rise in the slippages, I just wanted to check is this still driven by gold or if there has been 
rise in non-gold slippages as well. So, if you can give any qualitative color or if there is the 
amount handy if you can break up the whole slippages into gold and non-gold and the last 
question would be on the management transition side. So, if you want to make any comments or 
anything? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, you can have a look at Page no. 25 of the Investor Presentation where we give you the fresh 
slippages, some amount of slippages have happened in the mortgages, especially home loans. 
And this has come from the last bit of moratorium kind of customers that came out of 
moratorium. Now the end of August we probably have near zero in terms of moratorium. Also, 
what happened is that in April we did have a few holidays so when some chunk of portfolio 
comes out of moratorium and you have holidays, it hasn't given us enough time to kind of get 
these customers to perform, but our collection team has looked at it. We have analyzed the 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 5 of 11 
portfolio. We don't see any long-term challenges or anything like that in this portfolio. And as a 
problem also our recovery and upgrades did not fully keep pace this quarter with the slippages 
which used to be the case for us in the last four or five quarters. 
Suraj Das: 
 And the last one, the management transition if you want to make any comment? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
You are talking about CEO transition because management transition is very big because I'm 
not aware of any management transition, CEO transition Korn Ferry has been appointed as the 
as the search firm. A search panel has been formed of the board and we are in the process of 
shortlisting both internal and external candidate and we hope to conclude the process well in 
time for us to be able to make our application to Reserve Bank of India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. MB Mahesh from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
MB Mahesh: 
Just one question. I didn't get the answer that you gave to the previous one and the opening 
explanation on the margin side, while you alluded to the fact that it is the EBLR timing 
differences on the margin impact but there seems to be a drop in the yield as well. How do you 
explain that? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Yield is a quarterly from some product mix change. For example, if we have done more of a co-
lending, which is coming at a lower rate but lower capital this thing and less of let's say business 
installment loan, that mix can impact yield. So, I don't see any concern in our yield. If you recall, 
kindly look at my last quarter transcript, the EBLR was like this that as soon as RBI changes the 
repo rate, we change the EBLR plus the margin of course is standard. So, we change the rate in 
our system, right. So, which is what I said that you get the benefit of the interest income. 
However, the cost of funds takes time to catch up, so cost of funds in fact it started increasing, 
our cost of funds increases probably from the end of February to March itself, and then we see 
that cost of funds is playing out. That is why last quarter also I said that we should not say that 
the NIM of4% plus is kind of a sustainable NIM so that is what my explanation is. 
MB Mahesh: 
And looking at your funding mix today and the term deposit book, we are currently at about a 
6.7 on the cost of funds where do you see this peaking out in the next two quarters? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
I feel right now, the interest rates are not increasing at the same pace as it was increasing last 
two quarters and we also have done some work on changing the profile that we go and target in 
terms of deposit. And third point is one more thing that you have to see is that we repaid a lot of 
our Tier-2 bonds I think by December and then we took 300 crores of this thing in almost by end 
of March. A little bit of the cost impact is coming from Tier-2 also. That is why the 4th  Quarter 
NIM was slightly higher than the previous quarters. Also, we have had a slightly higher 
slippages, so that also would have had some 3-4 basis point of hit in NIMs for this quarter. 
MB Mahesh: 
My last question on the reduction in employee headcount from 9900 to 9579 Any color to it? 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 6 of 11 
Murali M Natrajan: 
In order to scale up our business, we had a particular methodology by which we were giving 
headcount to all our business managers and respectively to the functions that are supporting this 
front line. So, in our internal meeting, we wanted to raise the bar and improve the productivity 
so we agreed on a new set of productivity norms for the various units and we impose that 
productivity. In that productivity now what happens is that if a particular unit does not meet the 
productivity, they get less replacement of headcount till they reach that type of productivity. So, 
the whole adjustment period is going on in terms of everyone working towards a better 
productivity in terms of disbursal, in terms of the number of files they process and so on. This 
headcount increase should start to pick up again from this quarter. 
MB Mahesh: 
Just to clarify, as a consequence of this, does it have an impact on growth but improvement in 
cost-to-income? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See what happens is when you hire a set of 100 people in the front line, X percentage is anyway 
unproductive for a while. That means if we don't replace that, that doesn't mean that our disbursal 
or volume is impacted so that will be very sensible about how we want to do these replacements. 
It doesn't affect our businesses anyway. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Darpin Shah from Haitong India. 
Please go ahead, Sir. 
Darpin Shah: 
So, on the asset quality front while you explained about mortgages that there was slippages 
because of moratorium. There is a slight increase in NPAs in the corporate book as well. So, if 
you can just highlight what happened there. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
See, there are two things that I find very difficult all these years to explain. One is any slippages 
from a very small corporate portfolio that we have. Another is NIMs because it has got so many 
moving parts. But having said that, what happens is that if any account is even under some stress 
where they are paying with delay and then if there is any creditor goes to NCLT then 
automatically the account becomes NPA even the monies that are coming through from the 
customer to bank gets stopped because it's all controlled by the RP, I'm just describing the 
process loosely that is what happens in that. So, one such account has flown into this thing and 
we are working towards getting recoveries. Corporate recoveries are usually the very difficult 
ones because you have to work with several banks to make that happen, and that's what it is. 
Other than that, on mortgage I explained that last of the moratorium and all people are coming 
out of the moratorium and we had very less number of days to collect from this both from a 
recovery and upgrade as well as slippages. Therefore, we went deep dive into the portfolio to 
see whether there are any challenges. We haven't found any major issues or concerns for us and 
we hope to pick up momentum on this in the coming quarters. 
Darpin Shah: 
Sir, just one last data keeping question. If you can provide the breakup of provisions, standard 
assets and NPAs and floating provisions? 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 7 of 11 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, we have floating provision of 4 and standard asset provision of 4 and the rest of it, NPA 
provision of 30. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead sir. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sir, on the PSL thing like we have seen that in PSL Agri, micro enterprises and PSL general 
also, weighted average premium has actually come down. But PSL small and marginal farmer, 
the weighted average premium is close to 2% and remains the same across the last 5-6 years. So, 
are we trying anything to do on the small and marginal farmer PSL to sell any PSL possibly 
there? And what is the reason that rates have dropped so much? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
The rates have dropped too much. What we understand from the market information is that the 
Udyam certificate, which was one of the difficult thing to get and we had done a fantastic job of 
getting all the Udyam certificates on the MSME, also was helpful for us to get revenue plus I 
think there was some more time given by the regulation in terms of obtaining these certificates, 
so that is also the reason why I think it has dropped and probably there are more sellers in the 
market because of which the price is reduced. On small and marginal farmers there, we do have 
a separate unit within the Agri unit working on that. But the challenge there and not that I'm 
saying it is not doable but the challenge is the collection costs for these small customers is very 
high because we are talking about ticket size of like 5,00,000 and maybe 3,00,000 and 4,00,000, 
that's kind of marginal and the holding will be less than 5 acre, Ajit, right for marginal farmers. 
So, therefore it is also a challenge in terms of both operating costs and collections. But having 
said that, we are working on it. We are also tying up with some what you call as Agri tech kind 
of companies who have been able to scale up to some level for giving to these marginal 
customers. We are trying to tie up with them to see how we can improve that. We are putting 
some money into technology to make this whole process a little bit better so that we don't fall 
short of this small and marginal farmer thing because that seems to be getting the maximum 
amount of pricing in Agri, you're right. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes, because it fulfills for couple of other categories shortfall also. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
And see the way it works; I think is that something can be countered in Agri weaker section and 
small and marginal farmer depending upon the size of the loan and the category. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. Please go ahead, sir. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Can you quantify the slippages from the restructured pool that came through this quarter? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Yes, I have mentioned even in the past calls that there are slippages from restructured. There are 
slippages from the non-restructured standard. There are slippages from ECLGS. So, all that put 
together is 340 crores. There are also possibilities that there are customers who have paid all 
their dues, upgraded maybe 6 months ago, one year ago who may have slipped into NPA because 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 8 of 11 
that is the nature of the SME business. If they have got some cash flows, they may have slipped 
into NPA. To give you a sense, on our restructured portfolio, we are already holding at least 
about 14%-15% of provision. And when restructured moves to NPA, the provision also moves 
along with that right? Second point is we did not restructure anything which is on unsecured, 
probably miniscule of our portfolio unsecured would have restructured. It is a secured portfolio. 
And I can say that much of the slippages in this quarter at least have come from home loan kind 
of business and self-occupied property. So, we don't see any concern in terms of its recoverability 
over time. And also, Gaurav, if you have seen that we have shown demonstrated ability in terms 
of our recoverability of this portfolio over a long period of time. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sure. Sir, where I was coming from is we have a restructured pool remaining of 1600 crore. 
Basis your opening remarks, I think we expect this to come up for repayment by July, right the 
entire portfolio. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
No. We have been giving you some numbers, not all the portfolio is in moratorium. By August, 
even the small amount of portfolio which is like maybe 150 or whatever crores would be out of 
the moratorium. When we restructured, it is not that all the portfolio was given moratorium. So, 
please correct that in your thinking X percent of the portfolio, I think I've given some number in 
the past. I think a couple of quarters ago you would see that number and all the portfolio 
restructured is not in moratorium. Please understand that, right. Some part of the restructured 
was in moratorium, and that is also getting over by August end. 
Gaurav Jani: 
I understood. And sir if I had to question you on the recoveries, right? So, could you elaborate 
as to what led to slower recoveries this time around and how should we look at? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
I would say combination of things. I think we dealt with a few extra holidays in April. Usually, 
the first quarter is a bit slow. Second thing, some part of the North was not accessible because 
of the disruptions in flood. But when we look at the portfolio comparison with what we have 
done recovery in the past and there is no difference in that. So, over a period of next 1 to 2 
quarters, we will pick up speed on this portfolio as well. 
Gaurav Jani: 
So, lastly on the margin, if I look at your data disclosures correctly for the entire of FY23, would 
we have made about 3.9% overall margins for FY23? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Yes, 3.93. Yes, the full year was 3.93. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sir when I was coming from basis this how should we look at entire of FY24 and while you did 
mention your guidance of 3.65 to 3.75…. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
I stick with my guidance. There was some advantage we had last year also because when you 
get a recovery of a NPA, you also get the overdue interest and so on, which helps in your NIM. 
So, we had some advantage. In the early part of last year also was cost of funds was much lower 
than what it is currently. Our intention is always to make sure that the mix of products on the 
loan side and the mix of products on the deposit side is such that we make at least 365 to 375 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 9 of 11 
basis points. Our intention is to make it at the higher end of the 370-375 basis point NIM because 
that is how our business model works. Also keep an eye on always this meeting the agri target, 
small and marginal farmer target and all so that we don't get penalties from NABARD and SIDBI 
which results in reduction in NIM. That's basically how we kind of work on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rishikesh Oza from RoboCapital. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my question is with respect to the OPEX. So, what OPEX growth do we project for FY24? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
We don't give guidance on OPEX growth. Our intention is to grow OPEX slower than our 
income. Our intention is to continuously work on frontline productivity. I gave some details on 
how we are trying to work on frontline productivity. So, over time, we want to have at least 
difference of 2% to 3% between the income growth and cost growth, that's the way we are 
functioning. Our intention is to reduce the cost to average assets. So, this year, this quarter you 
would see that there has been a slight dip in cost to average assets. Over time, we believe that 
we can achieve a 55% cost income ratio given that we are a pure retail SME and you can see 
anyone who is very retail and very SME like examples are there and now their cost income ratio 
is nothing less than 60% right. So, that is how we are functioning. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Ram Kumar from Madhuram 
Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ram Kumar: 
My first question is on guidance. A few quarters back you have mentioned about doubling the 
income and profit by 3 to 4 years. So, are we still in line with that? Is there any change on that? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
I want to say that I don't think we have ever given any profit guidance. So, you may want to 
check what guidance we have given on profit. I don't believe that we give any guidance on profit. 
Our intention is to double the balance sheet every 3 to 4 years. We are very much on that track 
is what I would like to believe. The kind of investment we are doing and the kind of investment 
we have done in frontline without changing any of our strategy in terms of granular retail and 
SME and Agri portfolio, we believe that we can double our balance sheet. 
Ram Kumar: 
And my second question is on recently Tata Asset Management and DSP planning to double 
their holding around 9 in DCB Bank. So, do we have any details on when that is going to happen? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
The details have been published on the Stock Exchange and it is public information. What the 
strategies of these companies are in terms of acquisition, you may have to ask them because we 
don't have any visibility on their plan on this. Whatever the plan they have exhibit, we have put 
it on the website. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Sameer, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 10 of 11 
Sameer: 
Just one question. Mr. Murali you covered the slowness in the SME, MSME business in this 
quarter, so thanks for that. So, from the current quarter perspective in Q2 and Q3, do you see it 
kind of normalizing the disbursements in that area or the two problems that you mentioned about 
risk weight and the low interest in that portfolio still passes? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
My answer was very specific to TReDS, not SME, MSME. TReDS is part of SME, MSME. 
Would you like me to explain it in a little bit more detail? 
Sameer: 
Sure. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
So, TReDS is a platform as you know where large companies and medium companies put up 
their bills, which is basically some kind of material supplied by SMEs to those companies. So, 
we have recourse to that principal in case the SME does not pay the bill. So, we immediately 
give the money to the SME with some fee and some interest income and then at the expiry of 
say 90 days or 120 days depending upon the tenor of the bill, the SME pays. If the SME doesn't 
pay, the principal has to pay that outstanding. So, it's a very good product for short-term 
financing for SMEs and it is PSL and we have been very successful in this for the last almost 
1.5-2 years. Of course, we use this as a short-term measure to soak up the excess liquidity that 
we may have. Now, if you find some other avenues for putting our excess liquidity rather than 
in TReDS where we get a little bit better margin, we do that. We found that for the last 3-4 
months, the interest rate that we were expecting based on our cost of fund was not something 
we were able to command in TReDS. The second problem that was there was there is some 
clarification, we just need to know as to what are the risk weight of these loans because if it is 
going to be 100% risk weight, that kind of margin that we are making doesn't make sense because 
that won't give us the return on equity. So, that is what I explained. We do hope that that will 
happen, but irrespective of that, our core business in terms of Mortgage, SME, MSME, CC and 
OD, construction, finance, Agri, co-lending, tractor, all that is all moving pretty much on track. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Darpin Shah from Haitong, India. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Darpin Shah: 
Sir, I just need the data on collection efficiency on the Slide no. 27. So, if you can just highlight 
generally what we hear on the ground is that things are significantly better, collection efficiencies 
are better. But if I look at our numbers on a YoY basis also from June to June, it looks largely 
similar or slightly lower especially in the home loan part. So, if you can throw some light there? 
Murali M Natrajan: 
You see, if you look at 2 aspects, one is bucket zero. Bucket zero, 99.1 versus 98.6, I wouldn't 
really lose so much sleep over that, even in business loan you see current 98.3 versus 98.4, yes, 
I don't see too much of a difference. In home loans, since almost like 100 or 150 crore or 
something like that portfolio came out of moratorium in April and we had very less number of 
days. If you see April is the one where you see a lower collection efficiency in home loans at 
96.5. I don't see any long-term issue and all, it is basically timing issue. Customers who come 
out of the moratorium even in the past I have explained. They need few months to kind of get 
adjusted to this whole thing because we have not paid in the past and not all our portfolio is in 

DCB Bank Limited 
July 28,2023 
Page 11 of 11 
moratorium and all the moratorium will get over by August end, so very little of the moratorium 
is left, and despite loans coming out of moratorium last year, you can see that there has been 
very decent performance on slippages and recoveries and upgrades. So, it's more of a giving a 
little bit more time for this matter and these are all self-occupied property. So, on the ground, 
the situation as far as I know is very similar. There is nothing alarming in the ground situation. 
I don't know what other information that you have which you are referring to. 
Darpin Shah: 
So, what I was referring is when we talked to other lenders, they seem to be quite positive in 
terms of slippages or recoveries and in terms of the.. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Darpin, please show me one bank that has done 100% recovery and upgrade last year. Everyone 
is very positive. I understand that. But what is the demonstration of the recovery and upgrade? 
You know, even this quarter, we are at about 62%. This is probably one of the lower ones as 
compared to what we did last 4 quarters. We are confident of improving it further. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Operator, if there are no questions, then we can wrap up this call. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Murali M Natrajan: 
Thank you very much for logging in. Again, my apologies for delaying this call. Look forward 
to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCB Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
