 
Date: 6 June, 2023 
 
To,
The Secretary,
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001
Scrip Code – 543714
To,
The Secretary,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai – 400 051
Symbol – LANDMARK
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds – pursuant to 
regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) 
 
Ref: Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated May 30, 2023. 
This is further to our letter dated May 30, 2023, wherein we had given advance intimation of the 
earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Wednesday, May 31, 2023 with several 
Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds with respect to discussion on the Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2023.  
In compliance with the SEBI LODR Regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Wednesday, May 31, 2023. 
We hereby further inform you that the aforesaid transcript is available on the Company’s 
website at:  
https://www.grouplandmark.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Landmark%20Cars%20Q4FY23%20Transcript.pdf 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Landmark Cars Limited 
 
 
 
Amol Arvind Raje 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(A19459) 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Enclosure: Transcript of Q4 and FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
AMOL 
ARVIND RAJE
Digitally signed by 
AMOL ARVIND RAJE 
Date: 2023.06.06 
14:53:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Landmark Cars Limited 
Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 31, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange will prevail. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY THAKKER – CHAIRMAN AND EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. ARYAMAN THAKKER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BASUDEB BANERJEE – ICICI SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Landmark Cars Q4 FY 23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI 
securities. Thank you. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks, Lizann. Morning, all participants. Thanks to Landmark Cars management for giving 
us the opportunity to host the call. We have with us the senior management of Landmarks 
Cars, represented by Mr. Sanjay Thakker, Promoter and Executive Chairman, Mr. Aryaman 
Thakker, Executive Director, and Mr. Surendra Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. So, without 
wasting any time, over to Mr. Sanjay Thakker for his initial comment, followed by Q&A. Over 
to Sanjay. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thanks, Basu. And it gives me immense pleasure to be with all of you again. This is the 
second call that I'm having with you. It's a new journey for us. We got listed just under six 
months back, and it's a good time to be listed, I guess. So India, as you know, has become the 
third largest market for passenger cars, which is where Landmark operates. And we believe 
that there is immense amount of headroom here still for growth. And I'll give you a few 
statistics to kind of emphasize on this point. 
In India, only 4% of the dollar millionaires buy luxury cars. The global average is 60%. 
Stepping back, let's understand what has happened in the passenger car segment of India over 
the last few years. There has been a shift towards premiumization, and when I say 
premiumization, more than 40% cars. And this statistics is around three, four months old. And 
it may have improved even further. 40% of the vehicles sold are now above  ten lakhs. 45% of 
the vehicles which are sold are SUV or equivalent. And I was reading The Economist a few 
months back and there was a specific issue on the future of automotive in the world. 
And interestingly, economists came to a conclusion. And the article went on to say that India 
would be the only large market which will be growing in the years to come. It seems that 
globally, the automotive sales has peaked out and India is the last market where there is a 
significant amount of headroom. And I believe that this is not a hidden fact. And that is why 
there has been a significant focus from all the global OEs who see this as possibly the only 
market which will show growth, which will be a sustained growth for a length of time. And 
that is why they are investing in India big time. 
Only in January, Mercedes Global CEO, Ola Källenius came to India. I had the fortune of 
meeting him, spending some time with him. There was some discussion about what will 
Honda do in India. They have announced that till 2028 they will be launching a new car every 
year. BYD, which is the largest company for B SUVs and electric cars has given extremely 
bullish ambitions for Indian market where they are talking about nearly half of all electric cars 
sold in India. They want to be selling by 2030. Now, this is what is the brew which has been 
cooking.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 3 of 21 
 
We are at Landmark. We believe that we are there. Right place, kind of right time. We are the 
largest partners, as you know, for Mercedes-Benz, for Honda, for BYD, for Jeep, for 
Volkswagen. And I'm happy to kind of announce that only yesterday we got the LOI for MG 
Motors, for Madhya Pradesh, some parts of Madhya Pradesh. And so we have added one more 
brand which is focused on SUVs and EVs. That is what we are looking at. And of course the 
premium cars. 
I will also dwell upon a little on how the dealership model operates. What is it that we really 
do for a living. And before I go there, I would also like to state that we are seeing a revival in 
the commercial vehicle sales. Also, we have been invested in dealership of Ashok Leyland and 
which is showing a good amount of traction, which is what it did last year. And we believe that 
will continue even in this year. 
So a Landmark which was established 25 years back, today has 4,000 employees. We are in 
eight states, 105 outlets and we are the largest partners for all the guys, all the OEs that we 
spoke about. The dealership model is very easy to understand. Most of you would have kind of 
experienced this by being a consumer. But from the back end, let me give you a perspective of 
what we really do. 
So we sell cars and we make money by way of commission. When we sell cars, we make 
money when people buy insurance and take finance for the cars that they buy. 75% of the 
people in India who buy cars take finance to buy the cars. This is I think much higher than the 
global average. 90% of the people who buy the car buy insurance from the dealerships. And 
this is a long tail business. Landmark has been focusing on this for a long time. Apart from 
this, when people buy cars, they also buy accessories. 
And Landmark has been amongst the pioneers in kind of white labelling. I don't think of any 
other dealership group which has white labelled accessories on display. We also have tied up 
with Global Car Care products from Australia and America where we are their exclusive 
distributors in India to market high value, high margin products Permagard and MotorOne. So 
this is one part of what we do. The second and which is the annuity type of a business that we 
do, it is the business of after sales or service. 
And this is the business which has been growing at 20% CAGR for the last nine years. I'm 
happy to state that for the year ended 23, this has grown at 25%, which has been a slight 
improvement over our compounded growth that we have seen. I have told this to some of you 
separately that one in three cars that you see on road meets with an accident every single year. 
So not only do we do regular servicing of vehicles, we also do accident repairs. Now this is 
something which just keeps on happening. 
Also as a new foray what Landmark has done is that last year we have gone into our own white 
labelled extended warranties in the models where we know that there are not too many claims. 
This allows us to sit on the money. The customer stickiness happens, the customers come back 
to our own workshops and we make another revenue stream that gets opened up. So this is a 
new initiative of Landmark and you will see lot of profits coming in from there in the years to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 4 of 21 
 
come. What else do dealerships do? Dealerships have been globally doing a great job in pre-
owned cars, buying and selling of pre-owned cars. 
The Indian dealerships have not been very good at it. And I must say that till now Landmark 
was also a very average player in this space. And the reason is simple to understand. There was 
the ecosystem consisted of well-funded people who were burning money while buying and 
selling used cars. And I don't need to get into the details. You all know who we are referring to 
and since the funds have dried up, they have all or most of them have withdrawn from the 
business. 
So this is where we believe that Landmark, which is a strong franchise and customers know of 
it, we are well poised to enter this space and make it our own. Globally 30% of the preowned 
cars sold are by the new car dealers. In India this number is just under 4%. And this will 
change when Landmark enters this space and which we have entered this year. What are we 
talking about? We are talking about the same customers, the same brand, the same 
infrastructure. That is what we are talking about. 
The problem with the industry was that there is not enough on the table. If you set up a new 
outlet, if you employ new people, you do repair cost, you do marketing, then there is not much 
on the table because the average selling price of a used car is much lower than the new car. 
What Landmark has thought of, and I believe that this is a kind of a winning thought, and that 
thought is that we will be using the same showrooms, the same manpower, the same set of 
customers who are inquiring with us to buy those pre-owned cars, to buy the new cars possibly 
or the pre-owned cars and sell it to them. 
And we are internally looking at doing, we have an internal target of 10% of all our 
showrooms will have to sell pre-owned cars of the same brand from the same showroom. Now 
this is a journey which has begun and we are internally very hopeful. We are setting our 
systems right. And I am happy to state that the investment that we had made for evaluation of 
the used cars through artificial intelligence and all is now coming into play. And this will be 
something that will keep on happening in a good way in the times to come. 
So pre-owned cars is going to be a focus, extended warranty for us is going to be a focus. We 
will be also adding to new brands. MG has also been already been announced. Some 
discussions are on for inorganic growth. We will kind of let you know as and when that also 
happens. The focus of the company clearly is profitable growth and high ROC. So this is 
something we will continue to be focusing on. 
And the results are with you. I believe you will, you would have gone through it. We have 
declared a dividend of 45% also once if it is approved by the general body. And I think I will 
take your questions later on after Surendra kind of completes. But all in all, thanks for being on 
the call. Happy to be here. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Hello. Thank you, Sanjay Bhai. Good morning, everyone. And a very warm welcome to one 
and all attending our earning  conference call. I would like to highlight some operational 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 5 of 21 
 
metrics for you all to better appreciate the performance over the quarter and the year, which is 
a consequence of our strong moats   we have built over the year. 
We are the highest contributor in terms of volume for multiple OEMs that we partner with. 
And that over time, this translates into meaningful volume in terms of vehicle service and the 
sales. In the last financial year, we have sold 21,310 cars across all our OEM partner. We 
service 3,17,954 cars in FY „23 and expect this to continue to grow plus 20% year-on-year. As 
highlighted by Sanjay Bhai, this is the extremely predictable business with repeat customers. 
We also find ourselves at the inflection point in certain OEMs, both which we expect to be on 
course to see tremendous growth. A major trend being observed in the steady but sustainable 
rise in the average selling price. The average selling price of cars has gone from 14.15 lakh to 
17.71 lakh in FY „23, showcasing a growth of 25% year-on-year. On the back of higher 
production of top-end variant being sold and all-round price escalation. 
As highlighted in the previous earning  call and our results document, we mentioned that there 
is a change in the Mercedes sales model and thereby, for a like-for-like comparison, we are 
continuing reporting the performer revenue and the reported revenue in this quarter as well. 
Our performer revenue for the quarter stands at INR1,213 crores as compared to INR970 (977) 
crores in Q4 last year in FY „22. This symbolizes a growth of 24% year on year. 
Sequentially, this has remained flat with the previous quarter as INR1,203 reported. Reported 
revenue for the quarter stands at INR854 crores as compared to INR727 crores in the similar 
quarter of the previous year. A healthy growth of 17.5% year-on-year. Slightly dropped in the 
previous quarter was INR874 crores. 
Moving to the profitability matrix, our gross profit for the quarter stood at INR161 crores as 
compared to INR141 crores in the similar quarter of the previous year. Compared to previous 
quarter, it is INR159 crores. So, it is higher than the previous quarter and very higher than the 
same quarter in the previous year. Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR64 crores as 
compared to INR56 crores in Q4 last year and INR70 crores in the previous quarter. 
On the margin front, EBITDA margin clocked at 7.5%. The same stood at 7.6% but that is 
mainly because of the sales mix. We have the higher volume revenue in the sales. Lastly, the 
PAT for the quarter stands at INR24 crores plus and this was previous year at INR19 crores. 
Now, moving to the full year performance, our full year proforma  revenue stands at INR4,595 
crores as compared to INR3,369 crores in the previous year. This growth is around 36% year-
on-year. Similarly, reported revenue for the year is INR3,382 crores as compared to INR2,977 
crores in the previous year, which is also shown as 13.6% growth. 
Moving to the profitability of the year, our gross profit stood at Rs.613 crores as compared to 
Rs.477 crores in FY „22. Our EBITDA FY „23 stood at Rs.250 crores as compared to Rs.187 
crores in the previous year. On the margin front, EBITDA margin clocked at 7.36% as 
compared to previous year 6.27%. Lastly, the PAT stands at Rs.85 crores. This is in the 
previous year stood at Rs.66 crores for the same period. Lastly, speaking about the return 
matrix, the return on equity for the year is 23.75% and ROCE for the year is 20.5%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Thank you. Now, I am handing over to Sanjay to speak some words. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Before we go to Q&A, I am reminded of the book I read, Outliers, some years back. It talks 
about right place, right time in history. So, we believe that we are at an inflection point and just 
as the book says, it is good to be having established the network in the difficult times. We are 
here to do the operating leverage, sweat the assets more, not only focus on opening new outlets 
but do profitable business. 
We believe that the increase in the average selling price of the vehicle which Surendra spoke 
about, the increase in the revenue per vehicle service that we have done which has also grown 
over last year, will have good growth opportunity for us in the years to come and we are at the 
right place, right time. 
Thank you. I think Basu, I hand it over to you or Lisa, whoever for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is on the line of Rahul Dani from Monarch Network Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Dani: 
Hi, good morning Sanjay bhai. Congratulations on a very, very strong set of numbers. Just a 
couple of questions from my end. If you could just highlight the potential of the new 
dealership you opened with MG. What kind of sales they've been doing and how many 
showrooms will be opening for that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, sure. So let's look at MG Motors, which has been a decent SUV and electric car 
manufacturer in the world. There have been reports in the media which are yet to be confirmed 
of their getting the investment from an Indian partner, which will make them grow and set up a 
new factory, which has been a constraining thing for them. So this is the backdrop. 
The new models are to be introduced and the ambitions of the company are very high. We 
have got the LOI for the cities of Indore and Bhopal from them. And this is something which 
will be set up very quickly. We are looking at doing this in the next three months that we are 
looking at being up and running. 
And Madhya Pradesh as a market is between 1% and 2% of, say, close to 2% of the all India 
sales for most brands. So this is how it will be because there is a decent amount of car park 
already over there. My feeling is that we will also be having our service operations being 
profitable immediately as we start. 
Rahul Dani: 
 
Sure. So is there any indication how many stores you would like to open with that? 
Sanjay Thakker:  
As of now, two. 
Rahul Dani: 
Two stores. And also, if you could highlight how the performance of BYD has been, you 
know, maybe in a small base, but how is the acceptance of consumers, especially in markets of 
Delhi, Bombay and UP, where we are present, and what kind of numbers are they clocking, if 
you could give some kind of indication. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. Sure. So BYD, as we know, is the largest EV manufacturer in the world and they have 
given a kind of a big ambition for themselves to do. Right now, I believe that the Atto 3, which 
is what we are selling apart from the E6, has gone in for the homologation with the ARAI. And 
once the homologation approval comes in, that's where the numbers will go up. 
And I will take this opportunity to kind of tell about something else which I missed in my 
opening remark. And that is that we believe that the second half of the year for us is going to 
be much better than the first half. And the reason why I am saying this is that the Honda new 
SUV Elevate, which we have all been waiting for, and it is showing tremendous traction, it is 
to be global launch is next Tuesday, 6th of June. The supplies of that will start only around 
August, September 1,  
The GLC of Mercedes-Benz, which is amongst their largest selling product, is right now not 
available. Everything is sold out in this quarter. And the new GLC is getting launched again in 
the next few months. And typically, all the SUVs of Mercedes-Benz are in a waiting period. 
And we believe that the supply situation will only improve one, two months down the line. So 
this is one thing. Even the BYD, the cars, will be loaded in the second half. 
That is what we believe is happening. The numbers right now, Rahul, are restricted because of 
the non-homologation of the vehicles, which will -- and what it means is that there will be a 
cap of 2,500 vehicles that a company can sell in India without homologation. So that number, 
that constraint goes away as soon as the homologation happens.  
Rahul Dani: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And just a final question from my end. So, you know, you do it about the pre-
owned vehicles and then you look at the likes of AutoNation, you know, pre-owned vehicles is 
a significant portion of revenue for them. But are margins also similar for pre-owned vehicles 
on EBITDA and gross level? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So people have been talking about higher margins for pre-owned vehicles than typically 
the new vehicles. What they have been missing is that and this was quite well articulated with 
one of the companies that exited this business. And what they explained and which is what has 
been the Landmark view for a very long time and which he kind of, that company echoed 
finally, saying that the average selling price is lower. The margins are higher. Typically, 8%, 
9% is the gross margin in used cars. It can go to 10% also. But you need to be conscious of the 
cost that you incur after that. The gross margins are all good. 
But if you have a kind of a showroom to pay rent for, if you have manpower to kind of 
separately to sell it, if you have evaluators, if you have a repair and refurbishment thing, which 
is in top, you have a marketing budget and all that. And customer acquisition, which is a big 
one. All that makes it unviable. 
So what we have thought of is that we have an inbound traffic of customers who are wanting 
to buy the vehicles that we are selling. And that conversion right now for a 100 inquiries that 
we get for new cars in a typical showroom, only 10 get converted to final sales. 90 don't. Many 
of these people are not able to buy the vehicle because of the price quotient, because they find 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 8 of 21 
 
the price a little bit out of their budget. But they clearly want that brand. That's how they have 
inquired with us. 
So we believe that there is this kind of traffic that is natural to us. I have – Aryaman, who 
worked in AutoNation. And since you spoke about AutoNation, I'm taking this chance to 
elaborate. They had one of the stores where 30% of their sales happened in that store by way 
of an upgrade from, say, a C-class to an E-class, where people who came in for service, they 
were given an offer to upgrade for a one level high or a two level high product. Now, these are 
the things which we will be doing. 
We will be, since we have invested a lot in technology, our Chief Technology Officer and 
Aryaman, a Landmark transformation team of 35 people who are working with data analysts 
and data scientists, and the CTO, who has joined us from Mahindra and Mahindra. We are 
working and doing some good quality work to kind of give this technologically enabled 
answers and solving this pre-owned car puzzle. We are hopeful that we will be able to solve 
this and crack this, which has not been cracked by anybody else. 
Rahul Dani: 
 
Sure, sir. Thank you for the detailed answer. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
Pritesh: 
Yes. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. My question is with respect to the ASP rise that we 
have seen in the year gone by, which has moved from, let's say, about INR14 lakh per car to 
about INR18 lakh per car. Just wanted your comments in terms of what was the volume 
growth of Mercedes and how was the share of Mercedes in your revenue increase? And what 
is the outlook on this ASP per car as you would have budgeted for the coming year in terms of 
whatever the new models of Honda or new models of Mercedes? It would be very helpful for 
us then to understand what can be your revenue growth potential . 
Sanjay Thakker: 
This is a very pertinent question, Pritesh. You are absolutely right. What has happened is that 
there has been a like to like 15% growth, I believe, increase in the Mercedes ASP. The same 
model, the prices were increased by approximately 15%, if I'm not wrong, in the last year. 
What is happening is that talking about Mercedes-Benz right now, since you touched upon it, 
25% of the vehicles sold of Mercedes now, or slightly more than that, are above INR1 crores, 
which I'm talking about is with GST, is gone up 25% above INR1 crores. Now, this number 
was never happening. 
Today, there has been a shift towards the higher end vehicles of every brand. There has been a 
focus by Mercedes-Benz clearly to sell cars, which are the Maybach, the AMGs, the S-Class 
and all, what we call internally the TEV, Top End Vehicles. And the focus is going to be even 
more on that. On 1st of April, Mercedes-Benz increased the prices again, which hasn't been 
seen in the last year results. The supplies of the Top End Vehicles right now, which was also a 
constraint, will also hopefully ease out. So, this is something which is going to happen. 
We are going to be seeing not only in Mercedes-Benz, Honda also, the ASP will increase 
because also understand, Pritesh, that we have been working with in the last quarter, a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 9 of 21 
 
constraint supply situation and which I had touched upon in my previous call, where because 
of the emission norms, which came into play, real time drive emission, which came into play 
from 1, April, some of the models of the manufacturers were discontinued completely. For 
example, the Honda Jazz, the Honda WR-V, the Jeep, the Petrol Compass. 
So, this is something which was and to some extent still in the first quarter of this year is a 
constraint for us to sell vehicles. This is all going to change in the second half, not necessarily 
the second half as time goes by, some next month, some after two months, but everything in 
the second half clearly. 
But we will, kind of, it's just an estimate of what we will do. And we are also going to be 
seeing a mix of where we will be seeing a good amount of BYD vehicles, where the ASP is 
going to be higher. We have also discontinued our Renault stores with a lower ASP. So, I 
believe that it's difficult to put a number right now, but the ASP is going to be much higher 
than what we had last year. 
Pritesh:  
 
Okay. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, we will have -- the ASP higher, we will have a volume growth in each of the brands that 
we are operating. And we will have a service revenue, which has been growing at 20% CAGR. 
So, it's a healthy mix of growth that you will see in our case. And the new OE's that we will be 
adding. 
Pritesh: 
Is it possible then to share what was the Mercedes ASP growth in FY '23 and the volume 
growth or volume numbers in FY '23, out of this 21,000 number that we have? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
We are as of now not giving a brand-wise breakup of things. 
Pritesh: 
No problem, sir. Or the other way, is it possible then to share how much of this volume of 
yours is mass market volume? So, you have mentioned in your presentation INR10 lakh and 
below is largely mass market. So, in this 21,000 number, at least you can share what is the 
mass market volume number here? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Sure, I will work it out and Pritesh send it to you. I may not have it handy immediately, but I‟ll 
be happy to share it with you. 
Pritesh: 
No problem. My second question is on the repairs and maintenance business. Where you 
mentioned that one out of three cars do usually come because of repair. So, in this R&M 
business, how much portion of that business is actually maintenance business, which is the 
normal servicing business, which happens -- which car comes to your workshop? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So around 40% to 45% of the business is what we call the body and paint, what you are 
calling R&M, repair and maintenance. It's called body and paint for accident repair. So, around 
40% to 45% of our revenue comes from accident repairs. And this we are focusing on 
increasing in this year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 10 of 21 
 
So, the monies are paid for by the insurance company. The customer really is not impacted 
financially adversely. So -- but currently this is the number. We believe that it will increase 
over a period of time. 
Pritesh: 
And my last question is, sir, on the used car business, which you have started this year, what is 
the volume that you expect to do from used car? And considering all the dealership put 
together, what is the expected revenue growth that you are looking from the car dealership? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So I'll touch upon the used car sales, and we want to maybe going ahead, report it 
separately. Also, if we are able to, where we are going to be focusing on the used car business 
right now, it is clubbed in the new car sales as one of the parts, we may bring it out. It will not 
be a very meaningful contributor, but we are internally looking at approximately, let's just put 
a number of around INR150 crores of pre-owned cars, looking at the average selling price 
being much lower. So, INR150 crores to INR200 crores of cars is what we will want to sell -- 
buy and sell. 
Now, this, mind you, is over and above, the exchange that the company does. 25% of the 
vehicles that we sell, there is a back to back. There is a, kind of, we sell it immediately to the 
broker because those cars that we get in exchange are different brands of cars. So, that we will 
not be wanting to buy on our books. We will, we have no wherewithal of selling those after 
buying it. Lot of people are doing it, but we don't think that that is something that can be done. 
So, we will be giving it back to back. Only our branded cars is what we will proactively buy 
from the market and in case of exchange, if it comes, we will be doing it. So, as I said, in 
number terms, we will -- we are focusing right now of reaching 10%. Say, a showroom is 
selling 100 vehicles. The target for that showroom is going to be 10 vehicles of the same 
brand, which are pre-owned to buy and sell. It's a long journey we are embarking upon, and we 
need to get it right. Nobody in India has been able to do it the way we are wanting to do it 
now. 
Pritesh:  
 
And overall revenue growth, sir, in the car dealership? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, see the point, as I answered this, it is a very difficult question because the new cars 
launches are sometimes going one or two months here and there, which we have seen in the 
past also. Supply is also an issue sometimes. So, and we are adding new brands. So, to 
basically put a number with only 2024 as the goalpost is difficult. But what I can say is that we 
will be significantly outpacing the industry and that outpacing may be four or five times at 
least of the industry growth, because of the ASP growing, the volume growth that we will see, 
the new brands that we are adding, the acquisitions that we will make and the after sales 
business, which you have seen is the most predictable business and annuity type of a business 
that we are talking about. 
Pritesh: 
Okay. Thank you very much, and all the best to you, sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Gaurav from Maxpro Investments. Please go 
ahead. Gaurav, your line is in the talk mode. Please go ahead. As there is no response from the 
current participant, we‟ll move on to the next. That is from the line of Krishna Kukreja from 
Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Krishna Kukreja: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just had a couple of questions. First, I just wanted 
to ask about the progress in the RDE models for Jeep. You had spoken about the effect that it 
had on the Compass, etc. So, how that has progressed and when do we expect to have those 
models back? 
And secondly, you spoke about the used car business. Just wanted to understand when we are 
doing the used car business, whether these cars will sit in our books as inventory or not. So, if 
you can just give a clarification on that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, sure, Krishna. So, the Jeep Petrol, what has happened is that we have stocked up on the 
Jeep Petrol vehicles, Compass, that have gone out of production. Right now, we believe that it 
is not going to be available at least for the next six months. That is the visibility that we have. 
The company assures us that they are working on this situation and are trying to solve this 
issue. And we, but there has been a big amount of focus on the diesel, the marketing, and the 
payout that they are giving us. They are trying to support us by way of financial help, while 
this model is not available. So, difficult for me to put a date for that. 
As far as the pre-owned car stock is concerned, we are mindful of the fact that not too much of 
our capital should get sunken into this. We believe that we will be investing approximately 
INR20 crores on a rotating basis for this business. And because this is a big game that we are 
playing and we should get it right. We will be holding stock of not more than one month for 
any of these brands. So, it's a very detailed budget that we have worked on. And we believe 
that this will be a good outcome finally. 
Krishna Kukreja: 
Thank you so much, sir. Also, sir, if you could touch on Volkswagen and Honda, etc. in terms 
of the RDE norms, and when do you expect to see a pickup there and what kind of quantum 
we can look at in terms of outperformance? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, as far as Volkswagen is concerned, there has been absolutely nothing that impacted their 
sales as far as the -- because of these norms, so the business is as usual. In fact, the government 
norms have been that the cars manufactured before 31st March could be sold. So, this is 
something which is giving a flip wherever we have some stock in the factory of these cars, 
they are at a slightly cheaper price than the normal, the upgraded one. So, that is also helping 
sales. 
As far as Honda is concerned, they have forever discontinued the Jazz and the WR-V and are 
now going to be focusing on the Elevate, which is the new SUV. As I said, there is a 
tremendous amount of buzz around. We have got so many inquiries before the car has got 
launched that I have very little doubt that this will be a big success. 
So, the pillars of Honda will be three. The Amaze, which sells very well in our markets of 
Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. The Honda City, which is an evergreen product, and the Elevate, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 12 of 21 
 
which is going to be launched in the next week. But the supplies and the deliveries will start 
only end August. That's the information we have. 
Krishna Kukreja:  
Right, sir. Thank you so much for the detail. 
Moderator: 
Sorry, sir. We‟ll take the next question from the line of Rajesh Aynor from ITI Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, Rajesh, you are. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, my first question is, looking out maybe up to next 
three to five year period, like you're saying, we're in the cusp of a different regime, which 
could open up a few of the initiatives or a few of the opportunities, which you mentioned 
already. What are our growth plans in terms of regional expansion, in terms of how much of 
that will be driven by more number of dealerships, and what exactly do we look at when we set 
it up, because obviously, it will be a top down thing. We have metro, then Class L cities, and 
then there's certain sort of -- so what are your thoughts on our expansion over the next five 
years? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So, Rajesh, what we have been -- and this is coming with around 25 years of wisdom. We 
have also failed in some of the things that we have done five, seven years back and we are now 
wiser. So, it is very easy to set up an outlet and to show that my number of outlets have from 
100 become 200. It is the easiest thing in the world to do. But there are manufacturers who are 
like commodity players and this is something, which -- if we go to them, they'll be happy to 
give us 10, 20 outlets and all that. 
But that is not what we will be focusing on. Our growth will come from OEs that we believe 
are deeply committed to the products that we are wanting to sell. And what are those products 
that we want to sell? We want to sell ASP of INR10 lakhs and above. That's -- we are putting 
some kind of a benchmark, because that's where we believe India is growing -- going. That is 
where we believe we are good at. We are premium and luxury players. We can't be going into 
mass market. So, we will refrain from doing that as far as possible. 
What we have also done is that we have gone deep in a geography. The recent MG example 
also demonstrates that. What does it mean? It means that, say, in Madhya Pradesh, we are 
already dealers for Mercedes-Benz and Honda. Now, with MG, our costs will get apportioned. 
We will have operating leverage happening with senior management bandwidth, which will 
also kick in over there. 
But having said that, we are wanting to go to certain geographies, which are growing. We have 
gradually gone to eight states. We will go to clearly more states. Some of the high growing 
southern states are also our focus. So, this is something we will do. But we are not putting any 
number saying that 100 outlets should become 200 or 300. The thing that we are wanting is a 
profitable, sustained growth. We don't want to go berserk in growth. Instead of, say, for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 13 of 21 
 
example, we grew 40% last year. Would we have grown 100%, 200%? Clearly. But then the 
profitability would have taken a beating. 
So, we believe that we are in for a structural change in India. And this is something, which we, 
if we take -- if we walk our normal pace, which is acquiring dealerships when they are 
available, looking at build versus buy, we will be significantly outpacing the industry and 
keeping the profitability and ROC high, which is like 20% plus. And that is something which 
is satisfying us. And I'm sure it will satisfy everybody who walks this journey. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Fair enough. Second question is what kind of growth is possible or feasible? Let's say 20%, 
25% kind of number is possible, or will it always be dependent on how much the market 
grows? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, we are in a product which is also dependent on the economy. It is dependent on how the 
auto industry grows, supply chain demand. But it is, for me, as I said in the earlier question by 
our colleague from Lucky Investment, my target will be to outperform the industry by four or 
five times in the years to come. 
Now, that is our internal thought process. Now, it may come by way of average selling price 
going up. It may come by way of new outlets that we will open. It may come by way of the 
volume expansion that will happen with the same OEs. It will be a mix of all that. But this is 
something which we believe will be possible for a long length of time. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Okay. And, sir, I have another question on the pre-owned business which we are planning. I 
just wanted your thoughts, there are already some startups also there in the game. Some of 
them are marketplace kind of a business model, whereas, some have inventory carry. And, 
obviously, we have a higher turnaround time kind of a target. But generally, what is the 
observation? Let's say we won't hold a stock for more than a month. Are this kind of targets 
really feasible? And where is the average industry in this business currently at on these 
parameters? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, yes, yes. So, Rajesh, the issue is that the start-ups that you are referring to have failed in 
the aspect of generating profits for themselves. So, whatever they are doing clearly hasn't 
worked. So, I have seen franchise models, I have seen marketplace, I have seen stores, I have 
seen a lot of stuff, which has not worked. So, there is really no point in going that way. It is -- 
lot of good money has been thrown at this problem. 
So, we are coming up with an innovative model, which will not show any exponential or top 
line thing, but it will be a sustained business. It will be one more pillar in our new car 
showrooms and our workshops where we have natural traffic of those vehicles coming in. 
Today, at Landmark, we have close to 1,000 vehicles, which visit us every day for service. Are 
we going to be able to pick and choose some good cars from there and sell it through our 
showroom? To me, logically, and to our team, the answer seems a resounding yes. 
Now, will this be a profitable business? We will only be continuing with it if it is generating 
profits. So, we are not after any kind of GMV. We will look at a sustained business model, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 14 of 21 
 
because we have the supply. The problem with all these start-ups that you have been talking 
about is that they do not have a quality supply of used cars. 
In our case, we have those quality supplies coming to us every single day of the same brand. 
You understand, I don't need to spend a single rupee in marketing. Can we give offers through 
our workshops? Yes, the answer is yes. Now, this is what is a unique business model and if we 
are able to crack it, everybody will be happy. 
Rajesh Aynor: 
 
Okay. Thanks a lot for the answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We‟ll move on to the next question. That is from the line of Namit Arora from 
Indgrowth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Namit Arora: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sanjay bhai, my question was around the trend you are 
seeing, because globally also luxury sales in general across categories have been very strong. 
Now, given your experience and given where you think India is in terms of the affluent cycle 
and moving to the next level, would you say that structurally the next five to 10 years could be 
extremely strong for you given what you‟ve seen in global markets as well? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, I completely agree, Namit. I have never been more convinced about this. There is a 
structural change. And what are we talking about? Mercedes-Benz in India sold 15,800 units 
or thereabouts last year, which is 2% of what was sold in China around the same time. 
The total luxury market in India has not crossed 40,000 units so far, which is 1% of the total 
overall passenger car market. Now, this is amongst the lowest in the world. In China, this 
number is 7%. Forget China. Countries like Korea, Taiwan sell more luxury cars than what we 
do. Now, with the structural change happening, the newer generation coming, the S-class, 
average age of S-class buyer today is 38 years old. Now, five years back, it may be seven, 
eight years older. 
So, India, the aspiration levels are increasing. There is really now no shame in kind of showing 
your wealth. We had a social thing that was making, constraining thing. Through my 
experience, I am telling you, a car, which was INR1 crores and above people thought was like 
a overkill. Now, today they are routinely sold. 
So, for me, I am seeing this as a structural change. The Mercedes-Benz factory has 40,000 
plant capacity, which is not even full 50% today. So, everybody thought that India will be at a 
much bigger and a much higher sales zone than what it is today. But maybe our time has come 
now and for the next 10 years, I believe the journey is up. We may have some supply issue 
here, there. So, I'm looking at the next five, 10 years, not necessarily the next month or the 
next quarter. 
Namit Arora: 
Got it. Very helpful, Sanjay bhai. Just one more question. Now, given that you have a very 
strong and old relationship with Mercedes and other brands as well, but the number of outlets 
that you have today is probably not proportionate to the relationship and the potential of 
Mercedes as you mentioned. Now, about 26% of your outlets are in strategic acquisitions. So, 
post the IPO and otherwise, are you seeing more people gravitating towards you as potential 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 15 of 21 
 
sellers? And even Mercedes at a strategic level engaging with you to do something strategic in 
terms of just deepening and broadening the relationship. And as you mentioned earlier in the 
call, buy versus build. 
But do you think that the 26% that you have, but that buy strategy might be more accelerated 
given that you have a strong balance sheet, and you may be a natural port of call both from 
sellers as well as the Mercedes as a company might also prefer that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So let me kind of give you a slightly longer answer. The point is that the number of 
outlets, we are looking at adding an outlet only and only if it is necessary, because it's a cost 
center. If it is helping me financially, we will be happy to do it. 
Globally and in India also, Mercedes India is shrinking its size of the showrooms, because the 
cost of sales is an important factor that they are looking at and I really salute them for being 
this far-sighted thing. I was in Tokyo less than a month back where there was a meeting of the 
large dealers of Asia and Australia and some from Africa. And what came out was that some 
of the Asian countries, the largest dealer partner for them had a market share of 40%, 50% and 
thereabouts. 
And this is something which I believe will happen. The companies globally, the global players 
really want to deal with fewer entities. This is a top-down approach that they have and they 
want to deal with financially strong people who are able to give good experience, people who 
are consistent in their approach. 
So I have confidence that going ahead our market share with everybody that we are partnering 
with, it has been increasing gradually as you have seen and over a five, 10-year horizon, the 
number I am sure will be pretty much more than what you are seeing by our distance. 
Namit Arora: 
Got it. Extremely helpful. Thank you Sanjay bhai for your very detailed answers and all the 
best to you and the team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We‟ll move on to the next question that is on the line of Deepak Lalwani from 
Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Thank you, sir, and congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, my question was on your 
input of the H1 being lower than H2. So if you can possibly take us through what sort of an 
impact that you see in H1 and the set of announcements that you made and the possible 
outlook for H2? If you can possibly elaborate on this aspect, which you mentioned, and does 
this also mean that the first half will be weaker on a YoY basis as well? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, let's look at it from where I came from. The thing is that the supply is something that we 
are dependent on the OE. And this is something which we do not have absolute clarity. Over 
the last several years, our H1/H2 mix has been say 40/60. That has been a kind of a historic 
distribution. The auto industry works this way. The second quarter is better than the first, the 
third is better than the second and the fourth is better than the third in most cases in a normal 
year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Now, we believe that the Mercedes supplies will hopefully normalize from quarter two. We 
are facing and the new models will be introduced. We are also looking at BYD getting the 
homologation done. The Honda Elevate is only going to be available from August-September. 
But it will be also offset by some MGs that we will be starting. 
So it's an evolving thing. I would not like to break-up this, because we ourselves are not very 
sure because we are dependent on the supplies, which happen. But I am giving a broad 
guidance that the second half is going to be much better than the first half because of the things 
that we know. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Right, right. So this is a valid point sir. But does this, should we assume that the H1 would be 
weaker on a YoY basis? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, I don't think that's a good assumption to make, because there are things which are 
happening in a normal way. It's on a relative basis I am talking about, not on an absolute 
number. No. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sure, sure. And sir, secondly I would just want your view on our margins. As we are doing 
good work on the higher profitable business, which is our service piece and also we are 
indicating that the ASPs have to go up and the premiumization has to pay out. What is your 
sense on the margins for the next two, three years? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So what has happened, Deepak, is that we have increased our margins in after sales. And this 
is the realization has also gone beyond INR23,000, which was only when we filed the DRHP 
and all, we were looking at the figures of INR17,000 , INR19,000 and all that. And in no time 
this has crossed INR crores and touching INR24,000. 
And the margins have also gone up, the gross margins I believe in after sales, which were 
hovering around 39%, 40% have also  have also crossed that 40% number decisively. And this 
has happened because of the effort that we are putting in where white label stuff is also at play. 
The Permagard, MotorOne products are also happening. So this is something which will 
happen. It will slowly gradually go up. That's the effort at our end. 
And as far as sales is concerned, as soon as the new models of say Honda and all will come, 
we will see a slightly higher margin coming in because there will be no pressure on holding 
stock, or to discount it in the local market. 
You are also aware Deepak that we are amongst the few who have over a period of time 
gradually achieved a situation where we have very little if at all local level competition of the 
same brand, same dealership. So this is something which will play out well in good times as 
well as bad. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sure sir, this was very useful. And sir, indicatively, can you just take us through the 
commissions that you make across your OEs, if you can possibly give numbers, or if you can 
just rank them in terms of the highest to lowest in terms of the margin profile across the OEs? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Sanjay Thakker: 
It is more or less similar where a new car is concerned, the range is pretty much similar. There 
is not much difference because see the margin is also … 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for patiently holding. We now have the line for the 
management re-connected. Over to you sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Is Deepak there? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, he is still in the queue. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Yes sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. Deepak, sorry my line got disconnected somehow. So, yes, I was talking to you about the 
margin structure. So the margins are a factor of the fixed margin that we get irrespective of the 
volume we do. And there is a volume-based incentive, which are based on our monthly and 
quarterly and sometimes yearly target achievements. Now this is something that is not, the 
variable margins are not fixed. They move up and down as far as the demand supply situation 
at the OE end and the pressure that they have. 
So my personal belief is that because the supplies are all going to be in line this year, the 
variable margins will increase for the OEs over the last year. And if we are able to maintain 
that and not pass it on to the market, we will be better off. 
So you asked about ranking of the OEs, I'm saying that the fixed margins are pretty much in 
the same zone. I mean 4% to 6%, 7% is the fixed margin. And then there is a variable margin, 
which keeps on going up and down from say 0.5% to 2% is the range for variable margins, 
which depend on our achieving those targets for the month or the quarter. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Right. Sure sir. Those are my questions. Thank you and all the best. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. Thanks Deepak. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors, LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Hi, good morning. I had an industry related question. I mean, a large part of your business 
comes from service. And that's a very sticky business because typically owners of premium 
cars would like to go back to the dealers who have authorized spare parts and all. What is the 
risk to this? I mean, a few years ago, the late Mr. Jagdish Khattar started Carnation, but 
unfortunately that didn't work. 
Can you help me understand why the standalone large network, dealers especially for after 
sales don't work and authorized dealers tend to get bulk of the business. Can you help me 
understand that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, yes. So, this is a, actually I can explain to you in a short way. The issue is that the 
aftermarket garages have not solved one fundamental question. That is the supply of spare 
parts because in India, Ashwini, you will be surprised to know that there is no catalogue of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 18 of 21 
 
spare parts, which is a surprise. People are just starting these things and not only Carnation, we 
had after that GoMechanic, which came and then is gone. 
So, the problem that they are not solving is that of a spare part. What these, whether it is 
Carnation or a GoMechanic, they do is that they come and buy the spare part from the 
authorized dealerships. Now, this single act kills the business, because in a billing, today -- I‟ll 
give you a break up. Say, if there is a INR100 billing, you go to a workshop and there is a 
INR100 billing that an authorized dealer gives you. Around, for German makes, it is around 
70%, 65% to 70% of that is spare parts. 
Now, if you are going to be buying the spare parts from a dealer who will add some margin 
and give you, what is the elbow room that you have then to make it cheaper and more 
convenient, forget cheaper and more convenient. Really, there is nothing, no elbow room. 
Their manpower cost will be slightly lower. The real-estate cost is going to be the same. The 
local garages lack the equipment, the softwares, which are continuously getting upgraded. 
So, really there are so many things which are against this whole concept and the manufacturers 
today are giving long warranties. We, at our end, I spoke about selling extended warranties. 
Now, after the OE warranty of say three years ends, we sell another two or three years of 
warranty. And the prerequisite for availing this is that they need to come to our workshop to 
avail the service. 
So, really, this is, I don't see this as a threat at all. At one point I was a little scared, but then we 
realized that these are money burning models and they really have no legs to stand on. 
And at the accident repair, the total cost is paid for by the insurance company. Now, consider a 
situation where you are given a free lunch coupon and you can do it anywhere that you like. 
Would you go to a local restaurant down the street, or you will go to a five-star? You don't 
need to pay for it. The answer is very clear. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay, got it. And second question I had was that, on your second-hand business, your used car 
business that you are talking about, would you be able to do pre-approved or pre-authorized 
extended warranty vehicles supported by the brand logo, or that's a separate thing altogether? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, no, no, we will be able to do that. Now, we will be the only ones who will be able to do it. 
See, the brands also want the residual value of their branded cars to go up, because it helps the 
new car sales in the long run. 
So, the OE's will give an extended warranty, we will give our own extended warranty, service 
packages and we will be selling it from the same showroom, because that's also what the 
brands will be very happy to be allowing. 
So, it's actually a win-win situation. I just want to build it up gradually to make it as a 
sustained pillar. It is not a pillar, a meaningful pillar in our profitability. Our profitability 
pillars are new car sales, insurance, finance, servicing and accident repair. But I want to add 
one more pillar, which will be a great pillar over a long-term of this used car. But it is going to 
be a gradual journey. But once we do it, we will do it right and we will do it in a solid way. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And going back to my first question, the reason why these standalone workshops survive 
globally is because there is a proper product catalogue and the spares are supplied by people 
other than the manufacturer himself? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, that is also right, and also there are insurance supported workshops, which we don't have. 
Today, there is no workshop of size. I don't know, which city, Ashwini, you are from. But just 
in your mind, think of the largest local garage that you have seen and you will get the answer. 
There is nobody who is there. You will need to create this whole infrastructure all over again, 
and what exactly are you trying to solve over there? 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay, got it. Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We‟ll move on to the next question. That is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks, sir. For Surendra ji, there is one question. Sir, if I look at your annual balance sheet, 
inventories have increased quite substantially and payables have come down, which has 
impacted operating cash flow. Like last year, increase in inventory in cash flow was INR80 
crores. This year, it turns to be INR150 crores. So, almost INR70 crores of operating cash flow 
getting impacted. So, is this increase in inventory temporary because of some reason or if you 
can highlight that? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, Basu, in the last financial year, you‟ve seen that we have -- our OE launched a new model 
in Volkswagen and the Jeep. For cater the new model, we increased our inventory. It is getting 
settled in the coming quarter. So, that‟s the reason of the increase of the inventory. We have a 
new model launched in all the, like most of the OEs. In Mercedes-Benz, no, not in Mercedes-
Benz. Mercedes-Benz is a demo car, but in VW and in Jeep. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, basically this March 31st, fiscal 2023 increase in inventory is temporary, you mean? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And payables coming down, sir? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Payables have come down in the current quarter. Basically, the payables is the income 
incentive, which we received from the -- you are talking the payable to vendors? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, as the payables you are reporting in your balance sheet overall? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And one thing, sir, if I look at your quarterly revenue, so almost from the last six quarters, the 
normal revenue, which is not the pro forma is somewhere around stabilizing around this 
INR800 crores to INR850 crores range. So, anything from a directional perspective, despite all 
this growth, even last three quarters, one can see revenue is still around the same level? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. So, regarding the payable, to answer your payable question, in the last year, on the 
March, we were having some credit purchase from the OEM, which was basically the goods 
was in transit. So, that was not there in the current financial year, at the end of the financial 
year. So, that's the reason for the reduction of the payable. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Sorry, Basu, if you can repeat the last question, the quarterly revenue you are saying is 
stagnant, which is the reported revenue. See, Basu, we are looking at the revenue as a pro 
forma revenue because Mercedes-Benz, which is a meaningful business in our case, if we only 
look at reported revenue, only the commission of that is getting recorded. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, that implies that X of Mercedes, other OEMs growth has not been strong this year? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
That is, I think, a fair thing to say. It is -- so, it has been an upswing kind of a thing. But the 
years to come, all the OEs are going to be meaningful contributors in our profitability. But 
because Mercedes has run ahead of everybody, it looks as if that is a winner. But every, it is a 
cyclical business. And the OEs will -- once the cars, new cars get launched, suddenly you see a 
spike in revenue, as you have seen in say Volkswagen. Now, this year you will see in case of 
Honda, that way. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, sir. Next question, sir, how much time will it take for the MG business to get set ready 
and deliver? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
My target would be in the next three months. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Three months. And how much organic capex will you insert for this two-tier…? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
We believe that it will be under INR12 crores or so. That is the budget, we believe will be 
enough for this. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, it means two-tier service and sales outlet in each of the cities? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
That is right. That is right. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And that is included as a part of your normative INR30 crores, INR35 crores capex? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, this will be possibly on top of the capex that we will be normally be doing, because this is 
a new company that we will be starting, subsidiary. And that is where we will infuse the 
capital and pay from there. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And the other large OEM, what we have been discussing also, that will also, one can expect 
that down the line? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Large OEM, what to expect? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Any other large association with any other OEM, this year is further possible, or one should 
assume MG is the last…? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Landmark Cars Limited 
 
May 31, 2023 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, clearly possible. So, Basu, we have been very cautious about who we partner with and 
there are lot of hoops that this question needs to jump. Whether it is the company has a long-
term future, what are the terms that we are getting, what are the geographies that we are 
comfortable with, and that‟s when we do. So, yes, the answer is yes. And again, it has to be in 
the premium or luxuries side. So, the answer is yes. Hopefully, we‟ll see some more in the 
times to come. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
But overall, capex plus acquisition all put together, that figure of somewhere around INR110 
crores of cash outflow, I think that will have an upper cap or that can move up? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, yes. No, no, we will be mindful of that, Basu. I understand where you are going towards. 
And we have -- since we have seen a lot of seasons in life, 25 years is a long way and we have 
seen a winter of the business between 2015 and '20, and it is fresh in our mind. 
So, unless we are confident of having enough money to pay for what we do, we will not do it. 
And our cash flows from business have to be strong, which they are, to sustain this. So, the 
growth opportunities are immense in India. The possibility of going berserk are also very high. 
So, we will not go berserk. We will do a measured kind of a thing, which with a focus on 
ROCE and profitability. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, sir. Thanks. That's all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for their closing comments. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, thank you. It was interesting things and the year gone by has been quite an eventful one 
for us. We were the first auto dealership to get listed. I did not answer. I was just making, 
looking at my notes and one of the questions that was asked was that will other small dealers 
approach you for a takeover and all that. The answer is yes. We have -- the ball is in our hand. 
It is for us to drop it. So, or take it past the goal line. And we will make all the efforts to be a 
part of India's growth story, which is going to be decades on running. We are the leader. We 
will maintain that position and we will make everybody in our ecosystem happy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thank you. 
 
