 
 
 
 
                      
`
August 16, 2023 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Fax: 022-2272 2037/2039/2041/3121  
BSE Scrip Code: 532348 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/l 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Fax: 022-2659 8237/38; 2659 8347/48 
NSE Symbol: SUBEXLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on August 9, 2023, for the quarter ended  
         June 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings 
Call of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, held on August 9, 2023.  
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.subex.com/investors/announcement-filing/#investor-analyst-call.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours truly, 
For Subex Limited 
 
 
 
 
G V Krishnakanth 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl.: As above 
KRISHNAKANTH 
VENKATA 
GANGAVARAPU
Digitally signed by 
KRISHNAKANTH 
VENKATA 
GANGAVARAPU 
Date: 2023.08.16 
11:40:50 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
      
          
 
 
 
        
 
 
Subex Limited  
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
Event Date / Time 
 
: 
August 09, 2023, 11.00 AM (IST) 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MS. NISHA DUTT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. SUMIT KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. GV KRISHNAKANTH - COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE 
OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Moderator 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call of 
Subex Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need any assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. G V Krishnakanth. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
G V Krishnakanth 
 
Thank you very much. Good morning to everyone who have joined the earnings call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023. Now, I'd like to introduce the members of the management who 
are present for the call. Along with me, I have Ms. Nisha Dutt, CEO, and Mr. Sumit Kumar, 
CFO of the company. I would like to start the conference call by going through the safe harbor 
clause. Certain statements in this call concerning our future growth prospects are forward-
looking statements, which involves a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. The risks and 
uncertainties relating to these statements include, but not limited to fluctuations in earning, our 
ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, competition in our area of business, client 
concentration, liability for damages in our contract, withdrawal of tax incentives, political 
instability, unauthorized use of our intellectual property and general economic conditions 
affecting our industry. So, with this, I now hand out this call to Ms. Nisha Dutt to take it 
forward. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Subex’s investor call. It's a pleasure to have all of 
you here today. But before I delve into the financials, and strategic outlook, I'd like to actually 
take a moment to introduce myself. As this is the first time, I'm speaking to all of you, I think 
after I took charge. I must have met quite a few of you in AGM’s before. But just to reintroduce 
myself. My name is Nisha, and I'm your new CEO. It gives me great honor to be given this 
responsibility of leading one of India's earliest product companies towards its new next chapter 
of growth. My prior experience on the Board of Subex has provided me with insights into 
company's operations, strategic vision and governance. So, I believe that this knowledge equips 
me to step into this role with comprehensive understanding of Subex’s business model and 
industry landscape. And, of course, our stakeholder relationships that are very vital to our 
growth. 
 
I bring a strategic and growth mindset. And I'm confident in my ability to deliver to shareholder 
expectations. And what I've done since I've taken over, over the past three months, I've had the 
privilege of spending time with many of our customers. And this hands-on experience has given 

 
 
me insight into their needs, aspirations and challenges. And I've witnessed the potential of 
technologies first hand, actually. And I've personally also conducted workshops on AI. And it's 
been a journey of learning and growth for me. So, combining all this learning and assessments, 
because one of the key focus area for me has to assess what are the new growth opportunities 
for Subex. And I've come to a conclusion that Subex’s capabilities can expand, and I'm able to 
see a clear strategic intersection.  
 
And I'll call this the next pivot actually, that we’ll make in Subex. And I call this as creating 
connected experiences for our Telco clients. So, let me expand on this idea of connected 
experiences a little bit, and paint a picture for you. So, I'd like you to imagine that we are on 
the brink of massive digital revolution that's about to reshape the world of Telcos forever. With 
data spreading everywhere, digital and real worlds are really converging right now, we are 
foreseeing a future that could be here as soon as 2025. In this future, that we foresee, more than 
30% of messages that we will send out will be synthetically actually generated by AI, around 
10% of data will come from generative AI, Gen AI also in local parlance known as Chat GPT, 
and 65% of global population will have digital wallets. So, what this will do is that we'll be 
spending a lot of time in digital realm, and the whole world is almost converging on our 
platforms. 
 
So, while all this happens, one of the great things is that shift, the whole shift is underpinned 
by connectivity. And that's what our Telco customers provide to their customers correct. So, 
this forms the bedrock of massive transformation. And we believe that Telcos now have a very 
different and golden opportunity to create amazing value for their customers. And we want to 
be on this journey with them. So, we foresee a future where end users like you and me, like all 
of us, will be augmented by AI agents, and we will be self-generating content in virtual world. 
For example, your phone will literally become like robotic agents. Communications will shift 
from personalization to self-generation, the content will be self-generated, will move from 
graphical to conversational user interfaces, just like, you know, we have been using Chat GPT. 
 
And this will transform the interaction that we have with our applications as well. In this, we 
will live in almost an AR-VR world where AI agents will call each other and perform tasks 
autonomously. So, this is the world that we foresee, which is so different from the one, we are 
actually seeing a lot of this transformation unfolding in front of us. We also believe that Large 
Language Model, LLM, will have the intelligence to orchestrate better software stacks, and 
actually replace them, call centers will become co-pilots. So, this will fundamentally shift the 
way Telco data, the way we understand Telco data and software infrastructure. But like I said 
earlier, connectivity will be the bedrock of its diverse experiences. And we at Subex are now 
committed to providing seamless solutions for this landscape. 
 
So, I'm really excited about the changes that we are seeing in the landscape. And we have been 
serving Telcos for many decades, of course you know, and we recognize that navigating this 
transformative landscape is not without its challenges for them, right. So, the Telco industry, 

 
 
if I were to talk about it is really being disrupted right now. And it's across four key areas that 
we see our customer experience, delivery, the ecosystem in which they are having to operate 
now and technology stacks changing. So, this is quite a bit of disruption for Telcos. But the 
good news here is that each area presents a unique set of questions and challenges and a 
plethora of new AI use cases is opening up actually to deliver this the idea that I call connected 
experiences. So, towards this what we have done at Subex is, we have curated a comprehensive 
array of offerings to pay way for this. 
 
Our mission is to empower Telcos with personalized, seamless, secure, and intelligent 
solutions, and we want to coauthor this future together with them. So, what we are doing is we 
are focusing on unlocking new used cases, and building on the foundation of the digital trust 
that you are all very aware of, that we have already been delivering on. So, how will our 
portfolio deliver to this. So, our offerings will range from enabling personalized experiences 
through AI customer experience studio, and digital onboarding solutions will guarantee cost 
optimization through our network analytics portfolio, we'll deliver intelligence with our 
business assurance portfolio and AI used case studio and secure connectivity through fraud and 
security solutions. And of course, Telco FinTech is a big area that's emerging. So, we will 
actually enable cashless commerce through AI FinTech solutions. 
 
So, we have net-net I think aligned our portfolio to deliver unmatched value to our clients, I 
believe. These are demands of the future, and we are actually at Subex pivoting to next-gen 
stack. I call it the next-gen stack because we are now ready with 5G, AI and cloud. So, the 
convergence of these three technologies, I think we are very well primed to make use of this 
opportunity. And this whole stack will be powered by a HyperSense line of offerings, that 
combines cloud readiness, AI/ML and generative AI capabilities to deliver superior customer 
experience. So, what this will do, to make it really easy to understand this, that this stack, the 
stack that we are moving towards, will provide us an expanded addressable market, to cater to 
and position as actually in midst of this statement. 
 
We have over 200 global customers, we have 300 installations and in 100 countries. And all 
the customers that I've met and personally spend time with, they are actually really excited 
about this new stack that we are talking about, and its transformative potential. And we have 
been getting really good feedback and direct feedback on this new opportunity. So, if I were to 
really conclude I would say that in the Subex, we see this as an industry of experiences driven 
by AI and shaped by collaboration. We are super excited about this. And we really want to be 
on this journey with Telcos like I said, we want to empower our customers and partner with 
best of technology partners. I assure you that we are committed as ever to delivering 
exceptional value and look forward to your continued support. 
 
So, this is what I wanted to sort of cover better experiences bit to explain it a little bit. But 
going forward, when we talk in investor calls, I will be providing updates in investor calls 
around three strategic pillars in addition to the earnings that we will talk about. So, the three 

 
 
pillars that I will cover in every investor call would be around growth, efficiency, and talent, 
because I think these are the three pivotal areas that really demand a lot of our attention. And I 
want to make sure that we are monitoring and disclosing this because these are the three things 
that will put us on an upward trajectory. So, on the growth front to come to these three aspects, 
on the growth front, the first quarter has delivered promising outcomes. We have secured 
addition of three new logos in our core business domain, despite we had a lot of competition. 
 
These accomplishments, I would say are significant because the contracts that we have won 
are with the really good and renowned CSPs. So, this means our underscore are capabilities in 
our core solutions. And our strategic focus has also pivoted towards expanding our footprint 
within the strategic accounts. So, I call it almost a farming strategy. Right? When you have a 
strategic account, we want to go deeper and make sure that we are able to do more for our 
current clients. So, we will augment adoption of our products across the key clients. And as I 
spoke earlier, we are very focused on AI right now. So, we will make sure that we will pick 
select geographical regions with pronounced AI for our AI offerings, and delve deeper into 
these accounts. 
 
The second one that I spoke about was efficiency. And efficiency, as you will understand is a 
very important pillar of our strategic roadmap. So, what we are doing is we have embarked on 
a journey of hyper focusing on our portfolio optimization. See, we are trying to streamline our 
operations to extract maximum value out of every aspect of our business. And this approach is 
underpinned by a firm belief and contemporary technology as a cornerstone to our 
advancement. We cannot offer contemporary technology start to our clients without being on 
a journey ourselves. So, we will embrace a very tech first mindset that should really help us 
drive efficiency and productivity in this organization. 
 
Also, most of you have heard, but we are actually on the path to collaborating with one of the 
world's leading strategic players. We are forging alliances, and I believe that what this will do 
is eventually help us reduce our cost footprint. And also, open up a new market, which we 
haven't been able to tap into before this. So, I'm confident that efficiency focus will really help 
us deliver the operational excellence. And the third focus area that I wanted to talk about was 
talent. This, with our goals without saying that this is going to be critical to our success. In the 
tech driven area where the technology starts changing very quickly, we completely understand 
the game changing influence of talent, and I want to make sure that we make most of the 
potential, their potential, the talent that we have, and we are actively investing in programs to 
enhance and reshape their skills. 
 
So, we are making sure that our workforce is equipped with latest knowhow to equip, to 
navigate this new landscape. And, more importantly, I want the best talent to create almost like 
an innovation engine for the company, that positions us, that keeps experimenting internally so 
that we have newer and newer offerings to take to our clients. So, this is going to be very critical 
for us. Those are most of business updates for the quarter. And now I'd like to take an 

 
 
opportunity to present the financial highlights from Q1. The performance highlights for the 
quarter that ended on June 30, 2023, compared to previous quarter March 31, 2023. Revenue 
for the quarter stood at INR 673 million, as against INR 473 million for the quarter that ended 
on March 31, 2023.  
 
EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 147 million as against INR 368 million for the quarter and 
profit after tax was at INR 193 million as against INR 472 million for the quarter that ended 
on March 31, 2023. And if we do the comparison with the corresponding quarter, the 
performance highlights for the June 30, 2023, compared to quarter that ended on June 30, 2022, 
was revenue for the quarter we ended at INR 673 million as against INR 833 million for the 
quarter that ended previous year. EBITDA for the quarter ended at INR 147 million against 
INR 7 million for the quarter that ended on June 30, 2022. And PAT for the quarter ended at 
INR 133 million as against INR 55 million for the quarter that ended June 30, 2022. In 
summary, if I were to summarize this, we saw a 42% increase in our revenues compared to the 
previous quarter.  
 
And I believe this moment has been a result of collective efforts of our team. Our order booking 
performance OI looks good for quarter one, and it has exhibited robust strength, surpassing the 
levels in the preceding quarter. So, this demonstrates to me that there is continuous demand for 
our products, we just need to make sure that we are making good on this. Equally noteworthy, 
I would say positive trajectory of our EBITDA. I feel that we are on the recovery path right 
now. And we'll take measures to enhance operational efficiency, optimize costs, and definitely 
maximize value for our shareholders. And as we navigate this business landscape, we remain 
committed to driving sustainable growth and enhancing shareholder value.  
 
So, really your support and trust mean a lot to us, and we are committed on delivering value to 
you. Finally, I would really like to a big thank for your confidence in us, we would welcome 
your feedback on the strategic roadmap that we have set for ourselves. And I would love for 
these calls to be a two-way communication platform where we just not just talk to you, but also 
hear from you. Thank you once again, and we will open up for questions now. And I'll give it 
back to the moderator at this point. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn 
to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * 
and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad. The first question comes from Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities Private 
Limited. 
 
 

 
 
Sanjay Shah 
 
Yeah. Good morning, ma'am. This is Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities. Thank you for 
highlighting and welcome you on the board as a CEO, and a good luck to you ma’am. Ma’am, 
whenever we listen to the prospects of our company and understand the business, we get very 
excited. But you will appreciate that since last many years, we could not deliver on the growth 
trajectory what we envisage two, three years back even when we migrated from to HyperSense 
and which we found that after two years that will also get into growth trajectory, but we don't 
see anything on the top line side. So, can you highlight what has gone wrong? And what you 
envisage for next two years, you see that coming as an opportunity to us? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
So, thank you for your question, Sanjay, and thank you for welcoming me. I understand,                        
I completely understand your frustration and I acknowledge that. But what I can say is that, I 
actually do see massive opportunity for us. And I've spent a lot of time with the clients. And I 
think we are actually, we have the tailwinds of AI, cloud and 5G. And at this point of time 
management is very committed to making good on this. I understand that in past we may not 
have fulfilled expectations, but I'm very committed to making sure that we make good in front 
of us. So, please give us some time, and you will see some changes coming through. That's my 
only request for you right now, is not to kind of lose hope enough now. Please stay with us. 
Because I think we are trying our best. And we are trying to turn this around right now. 
 
Sanjay Shah 
 
Fine. Thank you. And my next question was regarding our partnership. We added some 
portfolio that is Partner Ecosystem Management. Can you highlight what is going on that side 
and what’s the progress on that side? And the other one was our partnership with Tech 
Mahindra on blockchain technology. Is there anything happening over there? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
So, Partner Ecosystem Management, or we call it PEM, actually has been a part of our portfolio 
for a while now, it's not a new addition. While maybe we have gained quite a lot of traction in 
it recently. So, maybe you have heard about it more in recent past, but it has been a part of our 
portfolio. Actually, we get quite a few, I would say a significant part of our, not a significant 
but a good part of our revenue actually comes from Partner Ecosystem Management. And this 
is only going to be more critical for us as we go into this whole 5G era, right. In 5G, what will 
happen is that wholesale billing settlements will become very important, actually for Telco 
clients. And what we are also trying to do is invest in these newer areas in this product itself, 
Partner Ecosystem Management.  
 

 
 
So, we are preparing ourselves to strengthen this product even more. Actually, I'm really 
excited about the potential of this product. But just to answer your question, it has been around 
for a while, and we are getting very good traction, actually on it. As more and more partners 
are onboarded in Telco ecosystem and partner settlement and real-time settlement becomes 
critical and we have just a product for it actually. In terms of our blockchain and TechM, this 
is one of the projects that we have been pursuing and we are trying to see where it can take us. 
It's too early for me to comment on how it's evolving. But I would say that the first signs are 
very promising actually. So, we have partnered with them on one of the projects that we are 
delivering for the client. And we are monitoring the results very closely. To see if this could be 
a good area of opportunity for us. 
 
Sanjay Shah 
 
What about IOT security with Telefonica? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
IOT security has been with us for….. again it's an older part of our portfolio. So, we have been 
at working, and we continue to sort of strengthen that offering. In fact, in IoT security, we are 
looking at, taking newer offerings to our Telco clients just beyond Telefonica, as well. So, yes, 
I mean, this has been a part of our portfolio again, like I said, right, we do have some pillars 
that are working well for us. There is IoT, there is 5G, there is AI, and we are trying to see if 
we can bring like, a more converged and a more synthesized solution to our Telco clients. So, 
that continues to be an area of opportunity, Sanjay. 
 
Sanjay Shah 
 
Thank you, very much and good luck to you, ma’am. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you so much, Sanjay. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma'am. I request the participants to restrict with two questions in the initial round 
and join back the queue for more questions. The next question comes from Mahesh Kumar, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
Good morning. And my question is regarding manpower costs. Every quarter manpower cost 
is going up, whereas sales is not going up. Hello, are you able to hear? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Yes, I can hear you. Yes. 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
Yes. See, what I’m saying, every quarter manpower cost is going up, but sales is not going up. 
How you're going to control manpower cost? Are you going to use AI and robotics to reduce 
cost of your development and testing? And second question is, what is the investment required 
in your new strategic program? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Okay. Thank you, Mahesh, for this questions. So, manpower costs going up, I will ask the 
CFO, Sumit, to comment on that. But my brief comments on this aspect would be that, like I 
said, right, we can't bring efficiencies to our clients, and unless we bring efficiencies internally 
in-house ourselves. So, definitely, these are initiatives that I'm very focused on and that's why 
I also mentioned that we'll be reporting against growth, efficiency and talent, because efficiency 
is a very critical metric and manpower cost is a part of that. So, we are focused on that. I have 
made a note of it, and we will see what we can do there. In terms of our new initiatives, I 
actually don't think it will require a lot of investment, definitely, it requires some investment.  
But I don’t foresee a huge investment, because Subex is actually already on the path to some 
of these. As you know, we already have a robust AI portfolio. And 5G, we were already 
preparing ourselves for 5G growth. I think what probably needs a little bit more of our focus is 
cloud and 5G. So, we are going to do that with the current resources that we have maintaining, 
you know, because I'm also aware that we need to deliver to shareholder expectations. So, we 
are focused on numbers as well. So hopefully, we'll do this without too much of burn. But 
Sumit can you answer on the manpower cost, please? 
 
Sumit 
 
Sure. So, just to add on what Nisha just mentioned, is the whole objective what we are right 
now working is how to improve the productivity, because typically, the manpower cost is more 
or less fixed and is all long-driven project. And the only way to control is to just improve the 
productivity. So, as and when we will start seeing that top line growth, our manpower costs 
will not increase to the tune of that. So, there is more about I can just say it a semi-fixed. And 

 
 
once the businesses start coming and it's growing, it will eventually as a percentage to revenue 
it will start dropping. So that is what largely around. If you see the year-on-year side, there is 
a close to an INR 3 crores of increase has happened which is again, you know that the cost of 
inflation is there, though we are working in the productivity side.  
 
So eventually you will start seeing the cost optimization as a percentage to revenue. And the 
things will start under control. So, that's what as the management team, which I'm just adding 
what Nisha just mentioned, we are just working towards to optimize. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Yes, we are also partnering with Hyperscaler as you know, so that should help us, open up new 
doors without significant burn at our end. But yeah, I mean, point is well taken and that is 
something that's high priority for us. 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
You have to use AI internally to showcase to your customer that we can reduce cost by using 
AI. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
I completely agree. I couldn't agree more, Mahesh. And this is something that we are actually 
doing, so I couldn't agree more. I completely agree. 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
Okay. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. The next question comes from Abhishek, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Hi Nisha, this is Abhishek. Am I audible? 
 

 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Yes, you are. Hi, Abhishek. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Yes. Nisha, first question. Q3 2022-23, the former CEO said give us two quarters and then 
things will start to stabilize. Vinod is gone now. I mean he is now into the board of directors 
and all that stuff. And you have taken over. Give me a realistic number in terms of the time 
you think that we will see a positive bottom line, period. I mean, I don't care about the initiative, 
how they are shaping up, just give me a time frame. Sorry for being so blunt. But you have 
seen the numbers our performance in the past. And so, it has come down to asking this question 
and probably in this verbatim and I apologize if it is sounding too harsh. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
No, I appreciate the question, Abhishek. You are our shareholder, and you are entitled to ask 
anything and we must answer to you. So, I cannot-- Abhishek, I would not like to really 
comment on what was said before I took over. Please pardon me, I would not like to comment 
on that. But I can tell you sitting where I am today, given that, I mean, all of you know that 
there has been some contraction in business last year and you know this is like, I think of Subex 
as we are involved. We are in some choppy waters. But Subex is not a small boat, right? I 
cannot turn it around immediately. It's like a ship, it will take some time for us to turn around. 
So, I would request that, be patient and give us a few more quarters please before you start 
seeing the real impact of all the changes that we are trying to make. I will not promise overnight 
results, but results will come. That's all my request to you is really. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
If I may follow up on the same question, may I please? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Yes, please. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
If you can quantify, I mean, then we say it will take you a year or another two years before we 
turn the ship around. I understand that it is not you have inherited the captaincy of the ship, you 
have to now start steering it around, make the necessary adjustments. What is the realistic 
timeframe that you think from where you are sitting right now as to where we will see a positive 
bottom line? 

 
 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
It's a tough one, honestly. But if I were to say sitting where I am from my vantage point, and 
you have to remember I have been into helm for all of three months. I agree. But I think that 
this would take us a year before we actually really turn it around, this will. That is my realistic 
outlook right now. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Okay and following upon probably Mahesh and Sanjay’s question, we are not seeing the top 
line increasing, because it's been a perennial problem for us since the time, I've been a 
shareholder that our sales team are very poor at delivery. Somehow, we have got the product 
portfolio, everything that we look at from the advantage point, looks very hunky dory. But then 
when it comes to our sales team getting the sales through and that contributing to the top line. 
That is something that is not happening. I don't know. I mean, what are we doing to change it?  
 
Again, I'm not expecting you to do anything overnight, you have inherited the company in 
whatever shape form it is right now. But from where you sit, our sales is where I see the 
problem is, that products may be fantastic, but it is our sales which are the root cause of this 
entire show that is not going as per what we see. It is my 10,000 feet view of the company. I'm 
not privy to what the sales team does. So, please take it with a pinch of salt. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
See, I mean, the truth is, Abhishek, that there are-- I have noticed that, obviously, there are 
areas of improvement, I think in sales and in other areas as well as in products themselves also. 
We have identified multiple areas of improvement and my focus is definitely, at the end of the 
day, if I have to deliver results to you, top line has to grow and everything that needs to get 
fixed, to grow the top line be it sales, be it product, be it our delivery, every aspect has my full 
attention. And I'm personally making sure that this will change. If it means that we need to do 
more sales enablement, we need to hire better talent, we are making, you know, I'm almost like 
stock taking situation right now, to see what changes need to be made, so that we are better 
prepared. But again, I would really ask you to be a little patient, we are making changes. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Sure. And one positive comment. Sorry for all the negatives that are talked about. I really like 
the concise version of the presentation without far too many echo days and what we have done 
in the past, blah, blah, blah, yadda yadda. It's a very concise that I'm saying for the first time. 
And I really appreciate it. That's the change for me that I'm seeing. 
 

 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you so much. Really good to hear that. Because I think that we want to be direct, we 
want to be, at least, I want to be very pointed in my communication to make sure that we only 
communicate what you need to know. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Exactly. And then that actually reflects that, so I wanted you to get the accolades for it. Probably 
that's the first change that we as investors are seeing. So good luck, and I'll keep tracking the 
progress of the organization. Thanks a lot for giving me the opportunity to ask my question. 
Appreciate it. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you so much. I really look forward to staying engaged. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. The next question comes from Ashish Buvana, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Ashish Buvana 
 
Okay. Thank you, ma’am, for giving me this opportunity. Well, most of the questions have 
been asked by previous investors of the company. But I like to know, definitely you as a listed 
company prepare a budget. This is approved at your board meeting as regards what is the 
outlook for sales expenses in the next year or next quarter. So, can this particular statement be 
shared with us? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
No. First of all, hello, and thanks for coming on the call. What you have asked is literally a 
forward-looking statement. So, my apologies, but I won't be able to comment on that specific 
aspect, Ashish, if you could understand. 
 
Ashish Buvana 
 
Okay Thank you. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Apologies. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. The next lesson comes from Sanjay K, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sanjay K 
 
Hello. Can you hear me? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Yes, we can. Hi, Sanjay. 
 
Sanjay K 
 
Hi Nisha, welcome to the company and thank you for hosting the call. Because last two 
quarters, there was no call, so we couldn’t interact and get more information about the 
company. So, my question is about Q4. The Q4, the revenue has gone down almost 30%. And 
there was some, again, information was given that some milestones were not met. And that's 
why there was no, I think, payment done probably. So, what is the situation now? I mean, 
whatever the about INR 30 crores or INR 27 crores of revenue probably might have not 
recognized. So, how is the situation now, have you recognized in this quarter and are we see 
such challenges going forward as well, that losing revenue because of milestones, not meeting? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
So, first of all, since this is like Q4, I’ll also the CFO, Sumit to come in. But the short answer 
to your question is that whatever revenue was reversed. We are looking to recognize this 
through the course of the years. So, I believe that we are on track to recognize it through the 
course. Right now. We haven't in this quarter. Sumit, would you like to add something here? 
 
Sumit 
 
Yes, same thing. Last time, last quarter 4 we have-- so, the revenue has been built based on 
certain milestones. And when we are just trying to work on the things and getting the customer 
sign off, there are still needs to be rework and all that. So, that's how the revenue got reversed. 
And there's a work is going on this year, so eventually this number will come back to us. As 

 
 
Nisha has mentioned, this year, we are looking for getting this number back and it will take 
some time to recognize it. 
 
Sanjay K 
 
Sure. Thank you. And one more question about a year back or may be one year back, the 
company has form alliances or some partnerships with Jio. And so, there was certainly now 
progress happening like Jio licensing, like HyperSense, or any of the services or it is just 
partnership which should we get eventually benefited only whenever may in future, but it is 
not so for any revenue coming from the Jio? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Jio is the partnership that we are closely nurturing, and I believe that there are benefits that will 
come to us in future. But right now, actually still a partnership where we are seeing what could 
be the best way to partner, what would be the best mechanism with which both of us can work 
on all the-- because Jio is also very tech forward company now. So, we are-- and we are also 
very tech forward. So, we are trying to figure out what could be the exact synergies. But beyond 
that, my apologies, I am not able to comment more on time this relationship right now. 
 
Sanjay K 
 
No problem, I just want to get some idea. The next question is about HyperSense. I mean, 
there's definitely, it is one of the advanced products. And just, if you can throw some light on 
how the market is looking now, are we really seeing the convergence are happening, or how 
many companies are showing interest and how the outlook looks like for the HyperSense? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Actually, HyperSense, I would say, I'm quite excited about because, like I mentioned in my 
previous, you know, when I was speaking, I just spent a lot of time with key clients, and all of 
them, you know, because HyperSense is inherently an AI-enabled platform and that's the 
capability that Telcos are really looking for right now. We just have to make sure that they 
understand what the inherent capabilities are and deliver to it. Telcos are also looking at this 
whole cloud and 5G, and I think we are now really positioned well. So, HyperSense has good 
reception in the market. In fact, I will say that, everywhere I went, the reception has been really 
good. And that's the portfolio on which-- that's the base right on which we want to build a lot 
more products. So, it gives us a great base platform. I'm very-- I'm feeling good about it. I've 
heard great feedback as well. 
 
Sanjay K 
 

 
 
Okay, that's great. And this last question is about, yes, there is a good improvement from Q4 
to Q1, at least improvement into top line and bottom, I mean, the loss is less on that. So, how 
you see, I mean, it may take more time to get a really positive bottom line, but at least quarter 
wise are you seeing now from Q2 and Q3 is going to be better than Q1, at least you're seeing 
that things are improving compared to what you were seeing few months? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
We are going to try our absolutely best, but I won't be able to specifically comment on forward-
looking quarters. But rest assured we are doing our best really, to make sure that we continue 
to deliver results and build on the momentum we have on Q1. 
 
Sanjay K 
 
Sure. Just we want to hear, like how you see a market looking at and are you more conversions 
into the orders is going to happen or happening comparatively? So, how's outlook looks like? 
I know it is not like telling whether it will be a positive profitability, positive outcome by this 
quarter, but at least are you seeing positive or improvement into what the outlook improvement 
in business on that? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
I think so, Sanjay, because like I mentioned, right, we have added three new logos, just this 
quarter actually. So, we are seeing quite a bit of momentum at our end. Like I said, right, we 
have to make sure that we continue it. Actually, in continue having those conversations. So, 
hopefully we'll continue to deliver good results. So, yes, I mean, we have three new logos, we 
are seeing a lot of uptakes of 5%, we are seeing AI use cases coming to four. So, hopefully this 
will continue actually. 
 
Sanjay K 
 
Are you see any interest from the US geography? 
 
Moderator 
 
Sir, sorry for interrupting, sir. If you have more questions please join back in queue. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
US is important market for us. In fact, I would say good percentage of our revenues come from 
developed markets. So, US remains the key market for us. 
 

 
 
Sanjay K 
 
Alright, thank you and all the best. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you, Sanjay. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. I request the participants to restrict with two questions in initial round and 
join backpack queue for more questions. The next question comes from Rajesh, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh 
 
Hi, Nisha. This is Rajesh. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Hi Rajesh. 
 
Rajesh 
 
So, I've been attending all the conferences call of Subex for last many years. So, what I 
understand is one of the major reasons for poor performance of Subex is, we are shifting to 
subscription model, from outright sale to subscription model. So, I would like to understand 
what is the status as of now of this shifting? What percentage of business approximately has 
been shifted? And when do we expect to complete this process? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you for that question, Rajesh. So, first of all, I think, industry wise if you look on the 
practice, industry wise, all software companies, all product companies, the trend is that it's 
moving away from license and more into subscriptions. So, that's like we are following 
something that’s industry trend, and also our Telco customers expect it now. So, I wouldn't say 
that we are doing something which is drastically different from the industry trends. So, I think, 
as far as our pricing model goes, we are on track. I think this is-- it's a sound sense of model. 
So, model is not wrong. But I don't think the revenues have dipped, necessarily, because of 
subscription. It's just, you know, it's a different billing model. That's what it is, I think. We just 
need to get more clients and we need to do better on many aspects.  
 

 
 
I wouldn't necessarily put it to this. Again, I think there is no cut off time in which we would 
have moved completely to subscription to license, we continue to do both actually. We continue 
to sell licenses; we continue to do subscriptions. In fact, our HyperSense is primarily 
subscription and license, it's a combination, we continue to do both. But more and more Telco 
customers definitely accept, expect a lot more subscription models. 
 
Rajesh 
 
What would be our current monthly recurring revenue? Current. I'm not asking for future 
revenues. What is our current monthly recurring revenues and what is the position, what is the 
outstanding contracts in hand as of now? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
I would request Sumit to answer 
 
Sumit 
 
So, our current monthly revenue is we have actually reported in the investor deck is US$2.4 
million-- US$2.3 million, sorry. And that's the monthly recurring number. And the outstanding 
contracts which we are in the process of that kind of one-time revenue, you can pin it to the 
license and implementation, that is to the tune of around US$20 million or something. So, 
again, it is this backlog keep growing it as Nisha just mention, this quarter itself we have added 
three new logos, and it keep coming and then you will start finishing and then the whole idea 
of transitioning completely to subscription. But again, we are slightly flexible based on the 
client budget thing, because some customers just want let's say the license-based kind of, a 
CapEx kind of a model.  
 
So, there it was more about the commercial arrangement. But as the industry is moving 
towards, we are also eventually moving towards the subscription base thing, yes. 
 
Rajesh 
 
And these are outstanding contracts. What is the duration in which we can expect to complete 
these projects? 
 
Sumit 
 
The duration is-- so typically it's like a long implementation contract. It goes between, let's say 
15 months to 24 months kind of thing. That's how it's typically range. 
 
 

 
 
Rajesh 
 
Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you so much, Rajesh. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. The next question comes from Mahesh Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
Yes, Nisha, last quarter, we have reported INR 100 crore trade receivable. What is the amount 
recovered as on 31st July 2023, and what is trade receivable as on today? That is first question. 
Second question is, regarding sales team, what problem I have seen, I have interacting with the 
Investor call since 2016. The sales team is lacking the ability to sell the HyperSense and IoT 
security products, this is my impression. I may be wrong. But it is not reflecting in the numbers. 
The numbers are telling, there is a lacuna in the sales team. So, how you're going to address 
this issue? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
So, Mahesh, I will have Sumit come in with a trade receivable comment, to answer your 
question on trade receivables. But on sales enablement, like I said earlier as well, we are going 
to do a lot of sales enablement across sales organization to make sure. In fact, I would say that 
a lot of our recent sales have been in HyperSense. So, that's not entirely true that our sales team 
don't know how to sell HyperSense. I would say that we have added three new logos, we are 
seeing a lot of momentum, all the new logos are on HyperSense.  
 
So, I would say that the sales team now have their act together. And if I'm seeing it as an area 
of concern that's getting flagged again and again. So, I will definitely look into this and make 
sure that we become sharper, actually. But your point is well taken. I have taken your comment 
on board and we will definitely look into this aspect a lot more. But I will request Sumit to 
comment on the trade receivables aspect. 
 
Sumit 
 
Yes. Thanks Nisha. So, just to add on, so from a collection side, the last quarter ending on June 
we have collected INR 67.76 crores for collection as against the INR 67.29 crores of a revenue 
just to give on a collection. Our trade receivable balances are basically on a DSO side is actually 

 
 
it is on an annualized basis on a DSO it is, we have reported it in 109 days. And our closing 
trade receivable is to the tune of around INR 80 crores. 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
Okay. So, you have recorded only INR 20 crore out of last quarter’s INR 100 crore. 
 
Sumit 
 
Yes, because it keeps piling, because it's a running business. It’s not like that you stop and then 
collect the entire thing. Because this year revenue will leave and or this quarter revenue will 
come to the trade receivables and then you keep collecting. So, the funnel is working. If the 
collection is more than the billing, that collection is more than the revenue that means trade 
received balances eventually will remain. That is what the thing. 
 
Mahesh Kumar 
 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you, Mahesh. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. The next question comes from Samir Mansuri, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Samir Mansuri 
 
Yes, hi. This is Samir. Thank you for the opportunity and welcome Nisha on board.  
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you, Samir. 
 
Samir Mansuri 
 
And we as investors really appreciate you again resuming the investor calls after looking across 
quarter’s thing. So, thank you for that. These are my two questions. One is, what are the low 
hanging fruits that you see and implement in the short term to address investor concerns? I 
mean, I'm sure you are very much aware about the kind of concerns that all the investors are 

 
 
raising and then pass so many quarters. And second is, what are the top most pomp up to having 
this in expansion, expansion in the sense of expanding your horizon and the top line basically? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Interesting questions, Samir. So, what I have doing in the first three-months, like I said, I've 
been doing two things. One is spending a lot of time with individual teams internally to 
understand what are the areas that can-- what are the quick wins for us, right? What is it that 
we can quickly fix and move forward with? So, that's one thing that I've been doing. But at the 
same time, I've also been spending time with customers to understand what, because I think 
that if you wanted to be on the journey with them, you have to understand where your customers 
are going, right, on their journey. So, we need to make sure that we are prepared for that. And 
one of the areas that's come out very strongly like I said earlier also is definitely cloud, 5G and 
AI. These are the tailwinds actually, for all Telcos right now. 
 
So, I think in Subex, we are primed today to use a big, use of this opportunity, because we have 
seen AI-first. Our HyperSense platform itself is AI-first. We have a plethora of use cases. So, 
in AI, what we are doing is we are going after a use case approach now. We are trying to unlock 
a customer experience use case such as fraud Management, different kinds of used cases. In 
fact, Subex is known as an IRAFM company, and fraud is rated as one of the top AI use cases 
in for Telcos. So that positions us very well. So, I see a lot of opportunity for us to kind of work 
with them on this. So, I would say that we have identified some quick wins. It's not in our 
challenges. We are trying to make sure that portfolio is really optimized. So, a lot of 
optimization work is going on internally. 
 
But externally, I think we have identified what the opportunity is. And I think that's where we 
have pivoted to this tag of connected experiences, because I think that is really what Telcos are 
looking for. They want to make sure that they give seamless and connected experience to their 
customers. And we think that we have exactly the offerings actually, you know, that fit into 
that portfolio. And we will keep adding to those offerings. So, I think I see the opportunity, 
again, as always, I think the challenges will be in making sure that we implement and make 
good answers, right? I mean, understanding an opportunity and delivering to it is a different 
thing. So, I'm very focused on making sure that we not just understand, but we also deliver. So, 
we have been doing workshops, we have been co-creating these things with the Telco clients.  
 
I feel extremely positive right now sitting where I am. I think we'll be able to do this actually. 
I think Subex is prime, we are a product company, we know how to build products and take 
them to market. So, I feel confident that we will do this. 
 
Samir Mansuri 
 
Okay. Thanks for giving that confidence. But just on the delivery part, I mean, are we still 
facing any challenges in terms of that? Because I think one-and-half or two years back the 

 
 
reason that was given was because of COVID, a lot of travel restrictions are there and people 
are not able to get the sides and give their services. So, do we see any other challenges or 
current challenges in terms of delivery or we are on track to go to give our commitments? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
I think we are back on track. I don't see any delivery challenges, per se. I think, on the contrary, 
I would say the only challenge I would see is that our clients are expecting more from us now. 
They're expecting us to deliver higher value, they're expecting us to deliver stacks to them. So, 
the challenge is-- and it's a good problem to have in my opinion, because it allows us to also 
challenge ourselves internally and make sure that we can deliver to those expectations. But per 
se in terms of the challenges that we had in COVID time, I don't foresee it anymore. Teams are 
traveling freely, all the client sites are active, and we are delivering projects. Nothing, in fact, 
we should be recognizing the revenue also, the reversal that was taken in Q4, we should be 
recognizing it through the year. So, all that is back on track. 
 
Samir Mansuri 
 
Okay, thank you so much Nisha. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you, Samir. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. We have a follow up question from Abhishek, an individual investor. 
Please go-ahead sir. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Hi Nisha. Abhishek again. One question, for US$2.3 million MRR that we have put on the 
deck. What is going to be the contribution of the three new logos that we've added in this past 
quarter? What would be their contribution to this MRR going forward?  
 
Sumit 
 
MRR. Yes, sorry, Abhishek. Nisha, I am just taking the question. So, MRR number is mutually-
- Abhishek, MRR is, we compute our definition of MRR is in the year kind of thing. So, the 
new logo which is added and the addition will even trigger once the implementation happens. 
So, all their new logos which we are taking, there is some component of implementation of 
one-time revenue and then subscription. So, then this MRR eventually doesn't come back. 

 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Okay. One more request, if I may make, the three new logos. The three new logos, I mean, we 
did not receive any kind of a communication during the quarter, the past quarter that we have 
had some wins. See, I mean, as an investor, it builds more confidence to keep holding on to the 
company's stock, if you know that the company is adding new clients or at least bringing in 
new logos or expanding our horizons. So, if a communication of that sort is made to the 
exchanges for us to consume, that could be highly appreciated. I mean, I don't want which 
company that you signed up, because if there are any security related reasons, but I would 
appreciate if that is something that is communicated to the exchanges. And so, we are privy to 
that information. That's about it. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Noted, Abhishek. We'll try to do that. I mean, this we probably didn't do because we see it as 
regular course of business, but anything to add. 
 
G V Krishnakanth  
 
Yes. Hi, Abhishek. So, things like there are regulations around the disclosures which we need 
to make the Stock exchanges on one side, which are like which are not in the ordinary course 
that materiality is significant. Also, other-side we do also have some confidentiality agreements 
where in which the customers approvals and everything. So, whatever we have been like 
coming in this framework we will definitely be disclosing, and we have delayed in the past as 
well. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
So, my ask is, we can be very discreet, but that there so in the past 15 days, or as and when you 
sign the dotted line, right or the customer signs the dotted line, we can inform that not a 
particular customer, but we have had a win from a global Telco. 
 
G V Krishnakanth 
 
Yes, we did that in the past. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Okay. 
 
 
 

 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
I think his request is that can we keep doing it going forward. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Exactly, exactly, exactly. 
 
Nisha 
 
Got it. Noted, Abhishek. 
 
Abhishek Kale 
 
Yes, thanks, Nisha. I appreciate it. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thanks, Abhishek. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. The next question comes from Harshit Patel, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Harshit Patel 
 
Hi. This is Harshit here. Thank you for giving me an opportunity to say something on this. So, 
ma’am, I have two questions. One thing that we are software company, right? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
We are a product company, yes, you are right. 
 
Harshit Patel 
 
Yes. So, just one thing, why we are making losses. I don't come to this background. So, I’m 
sorry this doesn’t sound better, maybe you. But just wanted to understand, I can generally not 
a company especially an IT company or service-based company, because I am a Chartered 
Accountant and I'm also in service industry. So, generally what my understanding says that 
when the service industry does not make losses. So, here when I see results or the finances, so 

 
 
I see that the company is making losses, and that to cash losses, and especially product company 
making a cash loss is something that it sounds surprising to me. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thanks, Harshit, for that question. first of all, you are right. We are a software company, but 
we are a mix of products, we do have service component as well. But we are primarily a product 
company. And, we have, I think the market is great, the market is good for us. But we have had 
some losses in the past, it's been due to a combination of reasons, I think some COVID impact 
was there and then we also had some contraction in business. But like I've been saying through 
the call that the focus is on making sure that it gets back on the growth trajectory. So, definitely, 
that's my focus to see how we can address some of the concerns that shareholders have. But, 
Sumit, anything to add here? 
 
Sumit 
 
Yes. Just to add on, we are not only just a software company. It’s basically entire turnkey kind 
of a thing. So, it's like a product along with the services. So, whatever things which we sell it 
to our customer, it is not like an out of shelf kind of a software and you recognize the revenue. 
It has a service element to that and the support maintenance and for that sake. So, that's how it 
is. So, it is more about your entire like manpower has been involved, or that's what the employ 
cost has been. You need to maintain a certain levels of employee cost, and then the revenue 
will grow eventually and that is the thing. 
 
So, while the point is well taken on the losses why we are making, and now Nisha is anyway 
here and we are just as a management team we are working towards to bring the profitability 
back and I can’t comment right now But, yeah, point has been taken. 
 
Harshit Patel 
 
Okay, second question. Thank you. But I still have not got the answer that I was hoping for, 
because of the result, right, your revenue is INR 67 crores or INR 68 crores for this quarter, 
your payroll costs are INR 58 crores. So, when we say a product or service, it's both, right. 
Generally, the salary cost would be around 40% or 50% in that range of revenue, so say with 
my INR 70 crore, then my approximate cost would be INR 35 crore, INR 35 crore to INR 40 
crore. This is what I see when I look at the service industry per se. Right? Okay, second thing 
when I see a lot of companies and we see that my concern not only goes to that lot of companies 
that, and those companies got publish the Annual Report because they are not keeping the 
annual general meeting before we publish in the June quarter result.  
 
But why I'm saying this, I am not actually to the Annual Report for the March 23 and now we 
are discussing June 23 results, right? So, this is-- I find it funny not only about this company, 
but this is also just the governance framework, this is what I am talking about, which would 

 
 
just probably the annual report and keep the AGM and close it, because let me put this other 
way. We are in the third contract results, in phase payroll does not approve the account for 
March 23, then what will you do? 
 
Sumit 
 
That is true, yes. It’s a governance framework. 
 
Harshit Patel 
 
It’s a governance framework. So, my request is not only question that, so I'm just right now 
talking about Subex. But my request here is that you please publish the Annual AGM, Annual 
Report and keep the AGM before June quarter result. So, at least, we have access of annual 
report what management is trying to do here in excess of investor calls and all that thing. But 
we would like to see the Annual Report for management discussion and analysis, talking about 
what they are saying, right? When you publish annually, because we already close June quarter. 
Now, having the information for March is outdated. 
 
Sumit 
 
Your point is taken, but yeah what the framework and timelines around. So, annual report you 
will appreciate is a lengthy array, a lot of information needs to be added unlike the LR or 
Limited Review take. But your point is well taken. 
 
Harshit Patel 
 
So, because all IT companies are doing it. So, I’m not telling you about it, right, because all IT 
companies have disclosed the annual requirement for March 23. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Okay. 
 
Sumit 
 
Okay. 
 
Harshit Patel 
 
And then we expect to become profitable. That’s the only thing. I understand the money. 
 
 

 
 
Moderator 
 
Sir, sorry for interrupting sir. If you have more questions, please join back the queue, sir. 
 
Harshit Patel 
 
Yes. Okay. Thank you. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you, Harshit. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, ma’am. The next question comes from Chetan Laddha, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Chetan Laddha 
 
Hello, Nisha, welcome onboard. This is your first quarter and you're candid about all the 
disclosures. So, thanks for that. The first question is, we had been giving out details on API 
pulls. please tell us in percentage terms, what has been the increase in the API pool? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Sorry, Chetan, your voice was breaking actually, I couldn't get the question entirely. 
 
Chetan Laddha 
 
Yes. Nisha, so this was around the API pool numbers. So, we had been publishing the API pool 
numbers in the past quarters. I wanted to know what in percentage terms, the increase has been 
for the API pools. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
So, the reason we sort of, I didn't want to-- for me, when I look at this whole the stats that I 
was talking about connected experiences, in my opinion, this whole, it's a merge capability 
now. So, we haven't been tracking it separately like that. So, IDcentral is core to our business. 
It was new initiative earlier. So, we were recording it separately, but now, I think they've been 
around for five years. Right? So, they are a part of the core portfolio. I don't have it handy. My 
apologies. But may I get back to you on this? 
 

 
 
Chetan Laddha 
 
No problem at all. And the second question was around the R&D spend. What I understand is, 
in the past quarter, Mr. Padmanabhan had said that most of the R&D spend is now complete 
and we are now in the phase of leveraging whatever R&D spend we have done. So, as it stands 
today, what is the R&D spend that is currently ongoing and what are the future plans for the 
R&D spends or are we just going to leverage going forward, whatever we have done? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
So, I would say that in a product company, Chetan, R&D spend is an ongoing activity, right? 
So, for instance, we have to invest in 5G, we have to make sure that they are cloud-ready. So, 
this is our spend, I would say in a product company never goes away, really. There is never a 
point where you say that you stopped spending and now, I’ll only, sort of harness what I've 
spent. It's never that. But, yes, as you said- 
 
Chetan Laddha 
 
Can you quantify that number, Nisha? Can you quantify that for the coming year? 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Maybe I have to get back to you, Chetan. Because we think of it as an expense. It's more, it's 
an employee expense number. No, it's hidden in that, in the sense that our employees are the 
ones that are working on some of these initiatives. So, we don't kind of track it separately like 
that, but I would say a lot of expense to Vinod points, he is right, that a lot of AI capability has 
been built, but we continue to-- for instance, now, I want to build a lot of AI use cases on 5G 
on customer experience for Telco clients. So, for that, I will continue to kind of invest in those 
areas, right. So, this keeps us sharp, this keeps us in market, this keeps us at the edge. Right? 
So, it's important.  
 
I think this is kind of given, a product company can never really go away from this. And on 
your API question. I quickly got the number, I think, maybe there have been, I’ll have to kind 
of reconfirm it to you. But 11 million API pulls happened. 
 
Chetan Laddha 
 
Okay, fair enough. Thanks. That's good. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. That would be the last question for the day. Ladies and gentlemen, this 
concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using Door Saba 
conference call service. You may all disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good 
day everyone. 
 
Nisha Dutt 
 
Thank you so much. Thank you all. 
 
Sumit 
 
Thank you, everyone. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, ma’am. 
 
G.V Krishnakanth 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Note:          1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
                   2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
