1 
 
                        Karnataka Bank Ltd.  
                                                                                                                                         Your Family Bank, Across India 
 
                                               Regd. & Head Office 
Phone  : 0824-2228182  
                             P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle      
E-Mail 
: comsec@ktkbank.com 
                                                              Kankanady    
Website : www.karnatakabank.com 
                                              Mangaluru – 575 002  
CIN 
: L85110KA1924PLC001128                                                                
 
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
05.06.2023 
HO: SEC: 68 :2023-24 
 
1. The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: KTKBANK 
2. The General Manager 
BSE  Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
MUMBAI-400 001 
Scrip Code: 532652 
 
 
Madam/Dear Sir, 
 
Reg: Transcript of post result Analyst/Investor Meet. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) (oa) and Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A, 
15(b) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
attach herewith transcript of Post result Analyst/Investor meet held on May 30th 2023 for 
Audited Financial results of the Bank for the Quarter and Year ended on March 31, 2023. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link: 
 
https://karnatakabank.com/investor-portal/investor-presentations 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(Sham K) 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
SHAM 
KANATHIL
A
Digitally signed 
by SHAM 
KANATHILA 
Date: 2023.06.05 
18:27:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Edited Transcript of  
"Karnataka Bank Limited Q4FY23 Earnings Conference Call"  
held on the 30th of May, 2023 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SEKHAR RAO – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CEO (INTERIM)  
 
MR. BALACHANDRA Y V – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 
MR. GOKULDAS PAI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
 
MR. ABHISHEK BAGCHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Karnataka Bank's Q4 F.Y. 2023 
Audited Earnings Conference Call hosted by Karnataka Bank. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you will be able to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. If you need assistance during the conference, please signal 
an operator by pressing the star and zero on a touchstone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
On behalf of Karnataka Bank, today's call is attended by Mr. Sekhar Rao, Managing 
Director, and Chief Executive Officer (Interim); Mr. Balachandra Y V, Chief 
Operating Officer; Mr. Gokuldas Pai, Chief Business Officer; and Mr. Abhishek S. 
Bagchi, Chief Financial Officer. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sekhar Rao, 
to give his opening remarks before the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Thank you. Hello everyone thank you for taking the time to join this call. A very good 
evening, and welcome to this conference call discussing the results of Karnataka Bank 
for the quarter and the year ended 31st of March, 2023. Currently, I'm serving as the 
Interim MD and CEO, and other colleagues have also joined the call. I took on the role 
of Executive Director of the Bank on the 1st of February and have been operating as 
the Interim CEO since mid-April. 
As you might know, the bank has identified the new MD and CEO, Mr. Srikrishnan 
Harihara Sarma, whose appointment has been approved by the Reserve Bank of India 
(RBI). Before being selected for Karnataka Bank, he served at Jio Payments Bank, was 
an entrepreneur, and part of the founding team at HDFC. Given his impressive 
credentials, we're thrilled to welcome him on board. This marks an important shift for 
the bank, as for the first time, we're appointing an industry veteran from outside the 
organization as the Managing Director and CEO. 
Regarding the financial performance of the past year, as you're aware, it saw one of 
the sharpest monetary tightening and highest inflation rates in economic history. 
Central banks worldwide, including India, responded with aggressive rate hikes. The 
U.S. led the way with around 475 basis points, while the RBI raised the repo rate by 
250 basis points. This both benefited and tightened operations for banks, presenting 
both advantages and challenges. 
Moreover, many banks, including ours, have focused on digitization, and we anticipate 
this trend to accelerate. On the economic front, concerns predominantly lie in potential 
job displacement due to automation and digitization, risks related to climate change, 
the rise of the gig economy, and remote work. These are emerging trends, but it's still 
early to predict their full impact. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Our financial performance has significantly improved, and for the first time, our bank 
has declared a net profit in four figures. It stands at INR 1,180 crores, which is nearly 
INR 100 crores per month. Coincidentally, we're celebrating our centenary year, and 
we believe this achievement is the greatest tribute we can offer to our founding fathers. 
We're delighted to announce this result. 
Regarding various business strategies, some of which we've already begun to 
implement, include a sharper focus on retail lending, portfolio optimization, and digital 
origination. We've laid the groundwork in these areas and plan to build upon it moving 
forward. 
The net profit for Q4 was around INR 353.75 crores, a year-on-year growth of 
171.39%. Last year in the same quarter, it was INR 130.34 Cr. Another important point 
to note is that other income, excluding depreciation and trading profit, also stood at 
INR 1,155.50 crores. This also represented a healthy 15% increase over the last year. 
During the quarter, the operating profit exhibited a growth rate of 80.41%. Net interest 
income during the quarter rose by 31%, and for the full year, 27.86%. We've seen 
improvement in our NIM, reaching 3.87%, compared to 3.25% for the quarter ended 
March '22. For the full year, it rose from 3.18% to 3.70%, a healthy increase of 52 
basis points. The ROA during the quarter increased from 0.56% to a record high of 
1.4%. For the full year, it stood at 1.21%. ROE rose from 7.42% to 17.61%. 
Gross NPA is at INR 2,292.91 crores, slightly up from INR 2,250.82 crores. This was 
primarily due to some accelerated provisioning and quicker recognition of NPAs that 
we did in Q4 since our balance sheet was very healthy. In percentage terms, it's down 
to 3.74% from 3.90%. This accelerated provisioning is a one-time exercise, and it will 
contribute to the bank's overall health. As for net NPA, it has reduced to INR 1,021 
crores from INR 1,376.97 crores, a healthy reduction of 25.83 basis points. 
Turning to the slippage ratio, last March, it was 3.11%, and this year, it's 3.31%. The 
reason is, as I stated earlier, because of the accelerated actions that we took. The 
provision coverage ratio is a healthy 81%, compared to 73.47% last year. Cost-to-
income has moderated to 47.14% from 52.57%. The interesting point to note on the 
accelerated provisions is out of the INR 328.82 crores of provisioning that we did 
during the quarter, almost INR 249.14 crores is the accelerated provision, and the 
balance is as per IRAC norms. 
The overall business turnover reached a new high of INR 1,47,319.63 crores, just short 
of INR 1,50,000 crores, with a growth rate of 7.40%. Despite deposits growing at 
8.68%, we didn't observe significant movement of deposits from CASA to term 
deposits, which was a trend in the market. We managed to protect our CASA franchise. 
In fact, our Savings Bank account franchise has the most competitive deposit cost in 
the industry at around 2.91%. 
The Credit-Deposit (CD) ratio has marginally decreased to 69% from 71%. But this 
was a deliberate decision that we made. In the rising interest rate environment, we 
managed to retain our CASA market share. The yield on advances during the full year 
has improved by 57 bps, up from 8.84% to 9.41%. The cost of deposit for the last year 
is down slightly from 4.66% to 4.62%. 
The other positive news is our Board has proposed a dividend of 50%, subject to 
shareholders’ approval. I firmly believe that we are poised for an impressive launch 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
from here to ensure business excellence during FY '23-'24, particularly in the area of 
growth in advances, which could outpace industry growth rates. We also expect 
significant improvement in asset quality. Our technology initiatives are being 
strengthened further. Our technology budget for the upcoming year has increased by 
almost 80%. 
While there have been many positive outcomes, there have also been lessons learnt. 
The key here is to recognize these and begin working on improvements, clearly 
demonstrating our intent. In this regard, I wanted to share some of the major initiatives 
we've already launched. Our organizational structure, which I mentioned in a media 
interview earlier today, has been realigned. We've made it more linear, with an 
intensified focus on retail, branch banking, and product management. The product 
management will, of course, support the sales verticals. 
We've benchmarked our gold loan and housing loan products to make them more 
competitive in terms of features and pricing. We're already seeing the early signs of 
success from this. We're improving our underwriting capabilities, both in terms of 
efficiency and capacity. We're increasing the number of retail hubs from 3 to 5, with 
plans to expand to 8. 
One more promise I want to make to all of you is that we plan to increase our 
interaction with you and seek your feedback on an ongoing basis, rather than just once 
a year. With this, I open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Equity Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Congratulations to Karnataka Bank on the centenary celebration and the performance 
which you achieved in F.Y. '23 Sekhar. Referring to the comments which you made in 
media and right now of your joining the bank this year and the new M.D. coming in, 
what is the broader vision of Karnataka Bank in terms of perspective which you would 
like to see over a period of 1 decade or two decades because it's one bank which has 
never lost money in any of the financial years of last 100? 
Sekhar Rao: 
As we see it, while we aren't planning for a decade out, it's clear that we have a robust 
network. We are a recognized brand in Karnataka and in markets where we operate. 
We have significant presence in cities beyond Karnataka, including Mumbai, Delhi, 
Hyderabad, and Chennai. We have a great deal of customer goodwill and we plan to 
leverage this to increase our focus on retail. We've already made several strides in this 
direction. Firstly, we have revised our organizational structure to make it more retail-
centric, establishing a dedicated retail advances vertical and a branch banking vertical 
to take advantage of our network of over 900 branches. 
Secondly, we're refining our credit underwriting processes to improve turnaround 
times. At present, 85% of the loans we originate are digitally underwritten. We intend 
to deepen this process to further enhance customer experience. We're also increasing 
capacity by adding two more retail credit hubs immediately, which will process loans 
up to the value of INR 2.5 crores. This will eventually increase to 8 hubs. Given these 
capacity enhancements and the investments we're making in technology, we hope to 
see a significant uptick in our retail market share. 
Additionally, we've initiated another important project - setting up analytics centre of 
excellence. With a large customer base of 1.3 million customers, in fact, out of a 
bankable population of 458 million, 1 out of every 40 customers bank with Karnataka 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Bank. This analytics centre will use data analytics to enhance our understanding of our 
customers, propensity modelling for preapproved loans, and cross-selling. Our current 
product penetration is between 1.5 to 2, and we plan to increase it further. These are 
some of the strategies and thoughts that we are rolling out for the next three years. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Okay. My follow-up question is a couple of points that you've highlighted. So what is 
your expectation on NIM, cost of funds, and ROE for coming years? What kind of 
provisions have you taken or have you taken some provisions for slippages. And what 
was the provision for mark-to-market and treasury? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So yes, you will likely see some moderation in Net Interest Margins (NIMs), which 
will reflect in Net Interest Income (NII). However, we are optimistic that this will be 
offset by a change in product mix, business growth, and other income. Return on Assets 
(ROAs) and Return on Equity (ROEs) will be marginally higher than current levels. 
As you can see, our provisioning has already exceeded 80%. 
Our Non-Performing Assets (NPA) provisioning is also quite robust. We will continue 
to make provisions as needed, and we expect it to be somewhere between 81% and 
85% as the year progresses. We have also seen a significant reduction in our 
restructured book, which has been beneficial. Nearly 90% of the restructured accounts 
are repaying their loans, which is a reassuring sign. 
Last year, the rising interest rate scenario did not provide much opportunity for trading 
profits. However, we are already seeing green shoots of that in Q1. As we speak, we 
have a depreciation benefit, which will be one of the narratives that will unfold during 
the current year. But this will not be unique to us; in fact, most banks should benefit 
from this. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Okay. But if you can highlight as what you said, some accelerated provision was made 
in the quarter. And what was mark-to-market loss? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Say, for example, the mark-to-market last year was around INR 180-plus crores. This 
is already captured in the balance sheet. This year, we anticipate an improvement and 
a write-back there. As for accelerated provisions, the specific number I have on hand 
pertains to Q4. Out of the INR 328.82 crores, we allocated INR 249.14 crores for 
accelerated provisions. Clearly, we've leveraged the health of the balance sheet to make 
the correct decisions regarding provisioning.  
Sushil Choksey: 
What was the reason for this accelerated provision? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So, there were multiple factors involved. Wherever we identified some stressed 
accounts, and also in some places where the fair sale value changes occurred, a 
combination of these factors led us to make the decision to set aside these additional 
provisions. 
Sushil Choksey: 
My last question. What would be your kind of credit growth aspirations, the industry 
is talking about 12% to 14% across private or public sector banks. What would be an 
aspirational number at Karnataka Bank for the year? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So, we would beat the industry growth rate this year. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So, on accelerated provisions as a follow-up. So basically, you are saying that out of 
the INR330-odd crores provisions, INR250 crores was sort of more than what we were 
required to take, and we took it because we had healthy profitability for the year and 
the quarter? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, yes. That would be the right assessment of that. So close to INR79 crores as per 
IRAC and balance on account of accelerated provisions. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So ideally, these will not recur in the coming years. This INR250 crores? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, these will not recur in the coming years. And these are one-offs. So whenever you 
see an opportunity, you take these measures as a prudent measure. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And on our restructured book, so that came down from, let's say, INR41 crores, INR42 
crores of standard restructured which was there last year. Now we have around, I think, 
INR2,500 crores odd. And this reduction also contributed to, let's say, INR800 crores 
of gross NPA out of the INR1,800 crores of the slippage. So further, how much can 
we expect this year against this INR800 crore which has come from this book? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Regarding this restructured book, like I said, almost 90% of these accounts are 
repaying, and we only see stress in about 8% of them. Therefore, I would estimate that 
we will need to implement enhanced measures on about INR200 crores. The positive 
aspect is that most of our portfolios are backed by bankable securities, so we are 
confident about recovery in that area as well. 
Additionally, you should know that the figure of INR2,570 crores is based on the RBI 
classification, which includes related accounts as well. So, the core restructured book 
is actually lower than this. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. So basically, what you are saying is that so in F.Y. '22, we had an opening 
balance of, let's say, INR4,000 crores, and 20% of that slipped into NPA, right, INR800 
crores. Now out of the remaining INR2,500 crores, you are saying 10% can slip? 
Sekhar Rao: 
See, in reality, we've seen around INR630.51 crores precisely, that has slipped into 
NPA from this amount. This was primarily due to the fallout from the COVID 
situation. However, we're noticing an improvement in this portfolio. As for our 
projections, we're fairly confident that the actual outcome will align very closely with 
what we're currently predicting. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So 90% is well taken care of because there is an element of SMA-2 also in the current 
standard also restructured, right? So you feel that only 10% will slip from here? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Restructured accounts, are divided into three categories: the first category contains 
accounts that have overflow; the second category includes accounts that are making 
regular payments; and the third category encompasses accounts that are making 
payments but with a slight delay. The combination of all these three categories 
constitutes around 90% of the total, and the remaining accounts represent about 8%.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And the other thing, sir, is the growth on the overall credit side. So I think this 
year, we did only 5%, 6%. And even if I just look at the retail, which is where we were 
supposed to grow, that also is at 11%, 12%. So both are lower than the industry growth 
rates significantly, overall, as well as the retail piece. So what gives us the confidence 
that we will be able to match the industry growth on an overall number because we 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
have not been able to match even the retail growth number for this year compared to 
the industry and most of the players? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. There are several key points to be noted here. Firstly, we were experiencing a 
growth rate of around 12% until about Q3. However, we consciously decided to slow 
down in Q4. The idea was to retire advances that had lower yields than Government 
Securities (G-Secs) yields. The solid state of our balance sheet gave us the opportunity 
to make this decision. While it might have seemed to negatively impact our growth 
rate, it indeed helped us improve our bottom line, as this money was redeployed in 
higher yielding instruments. 
Secondly, we now have a clear understanding of what drives retail growth. Our pricing 
and product construct were slightly out of sync with current market trends. Take gold 
loans, for example, we have now revamped our product to make it simpler. Previously, 
we didn't have a bullet loan product, but now we have introduced one. 
Our home loan prices were not in line with the market rate. Currently, we are offering 
a headline home loan pricing of 8.75% for someone with a CIBIL score of more than 
800. We are speeding up our processing through our digital journey, enhancing our 
capacity in terms of underwriting capability and Turnaround Time (TAT). 
We have a significant presence in most of our markets in the mid-corporate lending to 
the builder and promoter segment. Despite this, we never leveraged this for builder tie-
ups on the retail side. Now we're moving in a very calculated manner. In fact, over the 
last quarter, more than 300 properties in Bangalore have been assessed, valued, and 
preapproved by our bank. 
These measures, the structured approach, and our plan to deploy nearly 200 people on 
the ground for home loans give us confidence that we can accelerate in the retail front. 
These diverse measures give us confidence that we can speed up on the retail front. 
We have shown this in earlier years. In fact, when we offered competitive pricing, our 
home loan and retail portfolios grew faster than market rates. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, on your ROA. So your pre-tax ROA might have increased by, let's say, 90 
basis points or something like that for this year. And the NIM alone contributed to 
more than half of it. So NIM expanded by, let's say, 52 basis points. So how much of 
a mean reversion is possible in your NIM going forward, especially as we see that your 
cost of deposits has actually gone down this year by four basis points, even in a year 
when interest rates are moving up? 
And now, that same benefit you will not get when the interest rates move down if they 
were to move down. But you are also guiding for an increase in ROA instead of any 
decrease. But most of the increase in ROA has actually come from your NIM. So what 
is that conservative or how should we take your ROA guidance and include the NIM 
guidance? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So, our ROA guidance will be trending around current levels with a possible slight 
increase, but largely it will stay around the current levels. He mentioned that NIMs 
will not reach the current year levels and will be within a range of 3.5% to 3.7%. The 
compression in NIMs will be offset by an increase in our growth and a change in our 
product mix. The treasury part of our business will start to contribute more this year, 
and signs of this are already visible. Both trading profits are expected to improve, 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
which will keep our ROA largely protected. The factors contributing to ROA might 
change slightly, but the overall output will remain around these levels. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And NIM should trend in a similar range as where we are right now at 3.87%? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. I said it would be range-bound between, on the optimistic side to around 3.7%, 
on the pessimistic side 3.5%. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. And what is your estimated number on cost-to-income and the OPEX side, sir? 
Sekhar Rao: 
For the cost-to-income ratio, we anticipate a very slight marginal increase. This rise 
will be due to some provisions made for wage revisions and substantial technology 
spending, most of which has been budgeted for and already accounted for. We have 
also incurred some of the capital expenditure already. Consequently, you might notice 
a fluctuation in the current operating expense levels, possibly within a range of plus or 
minus 1% to 1.5%. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Manish Dhariwal from Fiducia Capital. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Yes. So there are a lot of reasons for celebration at Karnataka Bank. So it's a centenary 
year. Then a management change. And you have come out with fantastic numbers. So 
congratulations for all of that. 
Now my whole concern or the question is surrounding the growth, which is not coming 
at a high credit loss. So while Karnataka Bank is a good brand surrounding Karnataka 
and other places, but then I think the other banks also are claiming the same. And the 
confidence that the management has expressed about growing higher than the industry 
is something that if you could maybe give more insight. And what do we understand 
about the credit costs going ahead? How would one look at that? So growth is in sync 
with the emerging credit cost. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So I believe your question has two parts. One is about your growth concerns, and the 
second on the credit cost. I largely answered what we are doing on the retail credit 
growth side, a series of measures, including product rejig, organization structure, 
capacity building, investing in technology, and so on and so forth, which is pretty much 
a standard playbook.  
We enjoy significant goodwill in the markets where we operate, and we will continue 
to capitalize on this. We have a robust network of 900 branches, as well as a tooth-to-
tail ratio exceeding 85%, signifying that a large proportion of our employees operate 
from branches. We utilize this presence in terms of both people and infrastructure to 
drive our growth. I have already detailed specific initiatives in response to a previous 
question. 
As for your mention of credit costs, there was a one-time operation in Q4 due to 
accelerated provisioning and the Gross Non-Performing Assets (GNPA) decisions we 
made. However, going forward, we expect to maintain levels consistent with those 
seen in other quarters. Thus, we anticipate an average of around 0.25 to 0.30. 
Manish Dhariwal: 
Okay. See, I was also talking in the line of a recent communication which has come 
out from the RBI saying that there has been some smart way of hiding NPAs and all 
that. So basically, see, the level at which retail is getting credit, ultimately, the pain has 
to come. And there are some institutions that have been like doing retail for a long 
time. There are some institutions like ours that have recently kind of started focusing 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
on the retail side. So how is it that we are kind of ensuring that it doesn't come to bite 
us, so maybe close too ahead. 
Sekhar Rao: 
I'm not sure I fully understood the first part of your question where you hinted at 
potential concealment of non-performing assets (NPAs) and RBI's guidance on that 
matter. In fact, we have chosen to be transparent and have gone ahead and disclosed 
this information. In an abundance of caution, we have taken prudent measures such as 
accelerated provisioning. 
To elaborate on the second part concerning the situation in Karnataka, there's been a 
trend following bank consolidation a few years back. Now, only two truly Karnataka 
domicile banks remain: Canara and Karnataka Bank. Given our 100-year legacy and 
the goodwill we've garnered from our customers, we're witnessing a significant 
movement of business and consolidation in our favour. 
We have plans that extend beyond Karnataka, including the national retail rollout. 
However, within Karnataka, we're striving to be the bank of choice. We're actually 
preparing to launch a campaign titled "Namma Bank, Apna Bank" which translates to 
"Our Bank." This campaign will leverage the sentiment of being a preferred bank in 
Karnataka. 
With these measures and others that we will implement, we are confident that we can 
regain our esteemed position as the bank of choice in Karnataka. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line Chintan Shah from ICIC Securities. 
Chintan Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. One, two questions from my end. Sir, firstly, 
in terms of our loan book, in terms of fixed and floating, how much percentage of our 
book will be pegged rate and floating, if you could help with those numbers? 
Sekhar Rao: 
To help you understand the proportion of floating to fixed-rate loans in our portfolio, 
here's the breakdown. About 79% of our loans have a floating interest rate. The details 
are as follows: about 1% are linked to the base rate, 22% are linked to the Marginal 
Cost of Funds Based Lending Rate (MCLR), and the majority, approximately 56%, 
are linked to the External Benchmark Lending Rate (EBLR). Loans tied to the T-bill 
rate make up around 1.28% and fixed-rate loans make up the remaining 21%. 
Chintan Shah: 
21%, okay. Sure. So got it. And so, sir, as we anticipated that the decline in the interest 
rate going ahead, there could be some pressure on the NIM. So in terms of our 
borrowing side, how much hike is expected? Are any tentative hikes expected in the 
borrowing cost from here on? Any plans of raising the deposit rate further from here 
on? Or are we at the peak rates as of now, considering the current RBI rate? 
Sekhar Rao: 
I believe that the interest rates will now moderate. We won't see the previous rates of 
around 7.7% to 7.8%. Currently, our headline rate for a year stands at 7.3%. We 
anticipate a fluctuation of plus or minus 5 to 10 basis points, but no major changes 
beyond that. Such adjustments will be dictated by market opportunities and our 
liquidity needs. At present, our liquidity position is comfortable. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sure. So this is on the growth side, sir. It will largely be driven by the retail piece, 
right, if I'm not wrong? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. Credit growth will be strategically on the retail piece. But we will take tactical 
calls as and when required on the corporate and mid-corporate pieces as well. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And sir, you mentioned 1 to 1.5 percent plus/minus on the OPEX. So that was 
the opex-to-asset ratio, right, or cost-to-income? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Cost-to-income. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay, okay. Cost-to-income. got it. And also, on the recovery in TWO, so I think we 
have seen quite a steep recovery in TWO for us as well as for the system during this 
year. So what is the expectation of this, any recovery in of accounts expected in the 
next year? Any ballpark number which you're expecting for that? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Our Technical Write-Off (TWO) in the fiscal year before last was approximately INR 
246 cr. In the last fiscal year, it was around INR 283 cr. Currently, we have a TWO 
book of INR 3,043 cr. We anticipate TWO recoveries at around the same levels as last 
year.  An estimate between INR 250 to 275 cr would be reasonable. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. 250 to 275. Sure, sir. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, I wanted to get your views on the retail strategy, right? So if you can elaborate on 
that? You have said that retail is going to be the key driver for growth, and that is where 
you want to sort of increase the product per customer as well. You clearly have a retail 
franchise in terms of customers. But I wanted to check what is your, let's say, key target 
segment. Is it going to be a self-employed segment? Or do you have any vision for, 
let's say, prime salaried customers also? 
And then the associated question would be that what is it that probably will give us the 
right to win in this segment? And maybe the last thing is that usually, retail comes with 
a higher opex, at least in the initial phase. Where are we in that investment phase with 
respect to retail business? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, I did explain our retail strategy in detail earlier in the call when Mr. Sushil first 
posed the question. However, I'll be happy to go over it again. Essentially, any retail 
strategy hinges on a combination of pricing, distribution, and speed, specifically, 
Turnaround Time (TAT). For now, we are customer sub-segment agnostic; meaning, 
if our loans are priced attractively, underwritten quickly, and their overall features are 
customer-friendly, we foresee significant low-hanging fruit. 
Currently, we have approximately 13 million customers, 70% of whom are active. At 
present, these customers are banking with other institutions for some of their products. 
So, one of our initial measures will be to address this. 
Additionally, we are working to improve our salary proposition. Until now, our salary 
proposition has been just a standalone savings account. Like most banks, we are 
introducing a bundled salary product that combines a savings account, locker, fee 
discounts, and special pricing on asset products. However, as you might be aware, 
building a salary franchise does take some time. So initially, we will be largely sub-
segment agnostic, capitalizing on the opportunities created by improvements in the 
three aforementioned areas. 
As for products, we are focusing on home loans, gold loans, and agri loans with 
strategic partnerships. For instance, we have put a couple of large alliances in place 
that will facilitate scaling up our agribusiness. These are the areas where we anticipate 
significant action moving forward. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right, sir. And, sir, in terms of investment in retail, right? So all the retail is high touch, 
lower ticket size relative to corporate, SME, and more effort involved. So where are 
we in terms of this investment phase? Or is it more likely that the OPEX growth will 
be at least for the next 6 to 12 months will be much higher than the loan growth as you 
build the processes, systems, etcetera? 
Sekhar Rao: 
That's a great question, and it allows me to emphasize a key point. I believe our 
franchise is currently underleveraged. We have 901 branches, and we are in the process 
of reorganizing our retail hubs, growing from three to five, and eventually to eight. 
These will be operating out of our existing regional offices, so we don't foresee 
incurring additional costs. 
Previously, we undertook a transformation journey with the help of BCG, a journey 
we called KBL VIKAAS, which digitalized most of our loan underwriting. The 
infrastructure is in place, the scoring models are established, and the underwriting team 
is ready. The point being, the entire operating expense has already been spent, and we 
are in possession of an underleveraged franchise. We'll continue to make 
improvements in our product, process, and policy areas. 
Additionally, we are following the standard playbook: we have created an associate 
company, KBL Services, which will employ field staff for builder tie-ups and 
employee at automobile showrooms. 
So, we don't expect a significant increase in operating expenses. Yes, there will be 
some investment in terms of staffing for field work, but they operate largely on a high 
variable, low fixed model, and their compensation will be outcome-linked. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And, sir, any talent gap that you see at the current juncture for all these initiatives 
to play out? Have you identified any talent gap at the existing mid-management level? 
Sekhar Rao: 
We recently restructured our organization to make it more linear. You may be familiar 
with this structure from your experience with ICICI Bank and other such groups, where 
you have branch banking, retail assets, etc. Our structure is aligned with that of product 
verticals. 
We've identified certain talent gaps, specifically in middle and senior roles in 
technology, transaction banking, and product management, as well as some areas of 
risk. These are the areas where we plan to augment our talent pool through lateral 
hiring. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And lastly, on commercial/SME, MSME piece, right? So retail, you elaborated. 
Corporate, you had said that the stance would be more opportunistic. On 
commercial/SME, how are you seeing things panning out because large private banks 
they have become very aggressive in this space. So do you, what kind of, let's say, 
priorities or aspirations do you have in SME/commercial segment? 
Sekhar Rao: 
We already have a significant presence in the MSME/SME sector, with 30% of our 
portfolio situated there. This is one area where older private sector banks often have 
an advantage over newer ones, because the MSME/SME sector is heavily reliant on 
relationships. In the operating model of newer private sector banks, a large part of these 
businesses is centralized, and branches are more or less agnostic to the MSME 
customer, serving primarily as points of transaction or service. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
In contrast, our model ensures that the MSME customer is not just serviced by the 
branch, but is also 'owned' by the branch, providing a considerable level of comfort for 
the MSME. Moreover, our legacy as a bank is advantageous because a large percentage 
of our branch staff and branch managers are able to understand credit and carry out 
basic underwriting tasks, such as drafting Credit Appraisal Memorandums (CAMs). 
This is one of our core strengths, and we aim to leverage this to further strengthen our 
position in the MSME sector. 
One clear area for improvement is our pricing structures and product propositions. To 
address this, we're developing products specifically for the contractor segment and 
other sector-specific products. These efforts will assist us in solidifying our position in 
the MSME space. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. No, no, I understand, sir. We have a very good legacy and a very decent, let's 
say, presence in the SME space. I wanted to check. As you said, retail is going to be 
the key driver. Would the same hold true for SMEs also, so that is what I wanted to 
check. 
Sekhar Rao: 
I would like to respond to this in the following way: the MSME sector is currently like 
a cash cow for us, whereas the retail sector is the star that we are aiming to nurture. 
We will, of course, continue to invest our energies in the MSME sector because it's an 
area that we understand well. However, given our extensive presence and potential in 
the retail sector, we intend to scale up and build upon it. This explains the increased 
intensity in our retail sector initiatives. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Hitendra Gupta from Systematix Shares. 
Hitendra Gupta: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I have just two questions. One is with 
regard to the appointment of Mr. Sarma. So when will he be assuming the charge? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. He will be assuming charge shortly. In fact, the selection was made almost a 
couple of months or a little more than that back. And as you know, there's a process of 
RBI approval, which has been received.  
Hitendra Gupta: 
Okay. So his involvement right now is nothing as of now? 
Sekhar Rao: 
As of now, of course yes. 
Hitendra Gupta: 
Yes. And my other question is with regard to the loan growth, sorry, the average loan 
ticket size. So what is the average ticket size for your different segments like retail, 
mid-corporate, and large corporates? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So retail, including agri, is INR 9.67 lakhs. Mid-corporate would be around INR16.13 
crores. Large corporate would be around INR150 crores to INR170 crores. 
Hitendra Gupta: 
Okay. So no, no, I was referring to your slide. On Slide #21, it was retail was INR9.96 
crores. So I was just wondering whether it's INR9.96 crores or INR9.69. 
Sekhar Rao: 
It is INR 0.10 crores.  
Hitendra Gupta: 
INR 0.10 crores, yes. And what kind of growth can we expect in terms of NII going 
forward? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Sekhar Rao: 
So yes. I have said, will be range bound. NII would be aligned to top-line predictions 
that we have predicted. 
Hitendra Gupta: 
What would be that, sir? 
Sekhar Rao: 
It will be ahead of market rates currently, a comfortable guess would be around a 15% 
to 18% increase in NII. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So the first question is with respect to total cash balances, the income on the cash 
balances is gaining no interest income. But we have a total on an average, we are 
holding close to around INR5,500 crores, and our income is slightly low. So other than 
CRR, are we not like earning anything on the call money market or other markets, 
money markets? 
Sekhar Rao: 
No, of course, we are earning on-call money. We have excess SLR. So while the cash 
with RBI is strict as per requirement, the balance is deployed in suitable money market 
instruments. And yes, currently, we do have excess SLR, which we recognize. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
No, sir. What is the total income that we have accrued in this quarter from cash 
balances? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Let me get back to you on this as we go through the other questions. I'll very quickly 
get back to you on the income from cash balances. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Because for the year, I see it is INR1.58 crores for this F.Y. '23. And for this quarter, 
it is INR0.2 crores. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. I'll come back to that question very soon. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sure, sir. Secondly, sir, can we give 2 or 3 reasons why there is close to around a 40 
bps rise in the yield on advances this quarter? So like, what is the change that we have 
seen in the loan portfolio mix that has led to this kind of a jump? Like if we see like, 
as you mentioned, the loan breakup thing on the like floating and fixed and all those 
things. So based on that, yield movement should not have been close to 40 bps this 
quarter. So if you can explain the reason why this rise in yield was there? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Regarding the improvement in yield, it is primarily due to the decision we made in Q4 
to retire some low-yielding advances. This was a proactive measure taken because 
these advances were generating lower returns, even below the T-bill rate. 
Consequently, this had an impact on our overall yields, which increased. However, it's 
important to note that this was a one-time action that we had to take at a certain point. 
We had to choose between keeping these on our books, which would have affected our 
Net Interest Margin (NIM), or retiring them and reallocating the funds to better-
yielding instruments. 
As for the composition of our spread in March '23, let me provide the figures you asked 
for. Currently, our retail plus agri segment accounts for around 50% of our portfolio, 
mid-corporate stands at 30%, and the large corporate segment represents 
approximately 20%. In December '22, the figures were slightly different, with retail 
plus agri at 48%, mid-corporate at 29%, and large corporate at 23%. These changes in 
composition have subsequently impacted our NIM. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Okay. And like during the call, if you can just highlight the reason the yield on the cash 
balances other than CRR. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, I'll quickly get back to you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, could you first provide some insight into the Return on Assets (ROA) situation? 
We concluded Q4 with a ROA of 1.4%, and our average for Fiscal Year '23 was 1.21%. 
What trajectory should we anticipate for the ROA? Regarding the Net Interest Margin 
(NIM), I understand from your comments that it will range between 3.5% and 3.7%. 
Sekhar Rao: 
I believe I've addressed the ROA trajectory as well. We anticipate it to remain 
relatively steady, around the current year's level, with a slight increase on the optimistic 
side. Therefore, we do not foresee any significant surge in ROA moving forward. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So this 1.2% will be maintained. 1.4% was an anomaly for the fourth quarter then. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, it will be. I earlier also during the call, gave a number, and we would be around 
that level. 
Saket Kapoor: 
1.2%? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. Slightly more than 1.2%, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And for the capital raising part, sir, currently, we have a CRR of about 
17.45%. So what is the outlook on the capital raising exercise? Anything you would 
like to share? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Regarding capital raising, we are currently in a comfortable position. However, our 
evaluation of this matter will be based on our growth trajectory. The next capital raise 
that we undertake will consider two significant factors. Firstly, we will assess the 
capital needed to support our growth ambitions. Secondly, we will consider any 
changes in accounting standards, particularly those related to Expected Credit Loss 
(ECL) and other relevant factors that you may be aware of. Taking these factors into 
account, we may choose to expedite our capital raising plans or delay them 
accordingly. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on the ECL front, I would like to throw what is your primary observation on the 
same. And how is that notification, if and when implemented, would impact our 
numbers? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So I think that there's a transcript of yesterday's RBI organized meeting for Directors 
of Private Banks, in the Q&A session, if you go through the transcript, from what we 
understand, even they are looking at a 3 to 5 year horizon. And beyond that, we would 
not want to hazard a guess. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, taking into account our book, what should be the impact? If that is spread over a 
period of 3 to 5 years, what should be an annual impact? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So I wouldn't want to comment on it right now because there are 2, 3 moving aspects 
within ECL itself on how to recognize, whether we'll be completely aligned to global 
standards, or we will have our own parameters. So unless there is ample clarity on the 
same, I wouldn't want to kind of comment on that right now. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, a small point on the book value and the dividend payout. Firstly, on the book value 
part. Sir, currently also, the market is not giving the right valuation. So I think a lot of 
effort has gone over the last 1.5 years by our early CMD also. And currently also, when 
we'll be interacting with the new CMD in the next call, we hope that steps will be taken 
to increase your stakeholders' value also. We are trading well below even on time, I 
think INR260, INR265 is the bank, and we are currently at INR150. So there should 
be a concerted effort wherein value creation for the stakeholders should be the upmost 
task there. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, we'll hope for the best. There are a few aspects to consider. Firstly, our bank does 
not have a specific promoter, and institutional holdings stand at approximately 30%, 
while retail ownership comprises around 70%. Controlling certain aspects of retail 
ownership can be challenging. Nevertheless, we remain committed to delivering strong 
performance, and through our continued efforts, we anticipate improvements in this 
regard. We also rely on the support of your community, including stakeholders like 
yourself, to assist us in addressing these aspects. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, on the dividend payout, sir, we, this time, kept the payout ratio lower than what 
the payout was last year. So if you could give us an understanding of how we came to 
that figure of 50%, last year, it was INR4 on an EPS of INR16. And this year, we have 
made a record profit, and on an EPS of closer to INR38, the payout is INR5 per share. 
So if you could explain to us how did we conclude this payout, sir? 
Sekhar Rao: 
I'm not sure how to react to this. I thought INR 5 was a very good number when 
compared to what's being announced elsewhere. And we were personally very elated 
at INR 5. Let us see how it goes going forward. My colleague is saying yeh dil mange 
more. 
Saket Kapoor: 
But there has to be a formula on the basis of which the dividend is distributed to your 
shareholders, sir. It is not about the dil maange more concept, but there has to be 
something on a proportionate basis. On EPS of INR16, you are distributing INR4. And 
on EPS of INR37.6, you're INR5. So there has to be some understanding on the basis 
of which the dividend payout the Board has deliberated. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So we've shored up well and we are at fairly decent capital adequacy norms. We have 
the flexibility to distribute significant dividends, enter the market to raise capital at 
discounted rates, and ensure our shareholders remain content. It's important to note that 
making decisions in this area requires a balanced approach, and there is no 
straightforward answer that fits all situations. 
When determining the 50% threshold, we considered several factors, including the 
overall condition of our balance sheet, the construction of reserves, our growth 
aspirations, and the potential for future capital raising opportunities. Sustainability was 
also a key consideration. We arrived at this figure after careful evaluation, and we have 
received positive feedback from our existing shareholders regarding this decision. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We hope for continued performance going ahead because it is the performance that is 
going to undermine all the principles going ahead. So we hope to look forward that the 
environment is conducive for us to report a continuous set of growth numbers. This 
should be the endeavour. Sir, we hope for that ahead. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So, regarding cash with the RBI, the interest earned amounted to approximately INR 
1.58 crores. However, the answer to this question is slightly more complex. The 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
interest earned is influenced by various factors such as reverse repos, swap deals, and 
other considerations. Nonetheless, I hope this provides clarity on the earlier question 
raised. The amount of INR 1.58 crores represents the interest earned on balances with 
the RBI and other banks. It is worth noting that this figure appears lower compared to 
the previous year due to two factors. Firstly, during a portion of the year, particularly 
in Q3, we were on the borrowing side, which contributed to the muted interest earned 
figure. 
Moderator: 
We will move to the next question from the line of Yashwant Kumar Thippeswamy, a 
private investor. 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Congratulations, Karnataka Bank team as a whole. It's a great job. So yes, my first 
question, I mean, quite a few people have already asked about the growth. We are 
targeting more than the industry growth. So I just wanted to get a little more details 
with respect to the last, I mean, two months. How has it been? 
And the next question is on the establishment expenses. So do we foresee that it could 
continue in coming quarters as well? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So, as we mentioned earlier in the call, we have observed positive indications of the 
changes we made on the retail side in the past two months, and we anticipate this 
momentum to continue. There has been increased activity in areas such as gold loans, 
home loans, and to some extent, the MSME space. We have implemented a robust agri 
co-lending model, and have already disbursed a significant amount through this 
arrangement. Additionally, we have more collaborations in the pipeline, which further 
enhances our excitement about the opportunities ahead. 
Regarding operating expenses (opex), we anticipate an approximate increase ranging 
from 5% to 8% in the future. This is due to provisions we need to make for employee 
costs as we plan to open around 50 new branches. There is also heightened investment 
in technology. If our growth aspirations materialize according to plan, which we are 
already witnessing positive signs of, the OPEX increase is likely to be closer to 8%.  
Okay? 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Okay. I mean, the ballpark number is about 50-odd branches in this financial year? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Is that what you said? Okay. Perfect. And coming to the other income part of it. So, I 
mean, I understand that the strategy is to focus more on retail and gold loans especially. 
So having said this, I understand that there should be a right balance in improving the 
other income as well. So are there any thoughts that are calling on that side? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, regarding other income, we have already achieved INR 1,155.60 crores, 
excluding trading profits and depreciation. This income is well-distributed across 
various categories. We have made good progress in terms of banking fees and 
commissions, while there are areas where we can improve, such as exchange profit and 
locker rentals. Additionally, we will focus more on third-party income, where we see 
significant opportunities emerging. With our maturing analytics capability, we expect 
our cross-selling models to fall into place effectively. 
It is important to note that while there may be some slowdown in areas like debit cards 
and ATMs due to the impact of UPI, this will be offset by growth in transaction 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
banking fee income and third-party fee income. We will also make tactical decisions 
regarding areas like locker rentals to optimize our overall performance. 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Okay. And I mean, I just wanted, I mean, this question. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Sorry. Lastly, if we see the current trend of interest rates pan out, there will be a write-
back of MTM and depreciation opportunities as well. 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Okay. So yes. This question is exclusively for you because you joined about three 
months back. So I just wanted to understand. Considering the strategy that you've got 
in like retail, increase in the retail portfolio. So I mean, this is referring to the 26 Slide 
number, and that is about the NPA breakup. So I see that the credit portfolio with 
respect to retail it's at 65%. 
Sekhar Rao: 
The mentioned figure represents the proportion of NPAs in relation to the total NPA, 
including both retail and agri sectors. The higher proportion is influenced by various 
factors that occurred over the last two years, such as the rising interest rate scenario 
and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, we anticipate this proportion to 
gradually moderate in the future. 
It is worth noting that a significant percentage of these NPAs is from the agri sector. 
Additionally, our retail portfolio constitutes almost 50% of our overall book, which is 
known for being a relatively high-yielding segment. While the ratio may stand out, we 
closely monitor this area and have a strong understanding of the business. Rest assured, 
this is an area we are well-versed in and will continue to focus on, as it plays a crucial 
role in achieving our growth aspirations. 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Yes, I get that. But my question is more of like, because we are targeting more of retail 
advances, increasing impact. So my question is more about whether the existing 
framework works out well with respect to arresting this NPA with respect to the retail 
portfolio. Or do you think that there have to be some more additions, I mean, additional 
criteria that need to be added to the existing framework in order to improvise and 
decrease or otherwise reduce the contribution from the retail side? That's my question. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So yes, of course. There is always room for improvement, and we have organized our 
operations to effectively manage our stressed portfolio. We have two key functions 
dedicated to this purpose: credit monitoring and recovery. In our credit monitoring 
department, we extensively leverage technology to track early warning signs and 
identify potential instances of stress. This enables us to take necessary actions at an 
early stage. If an account still slips into default or becomes an NPA, our credit recovery 
department steps in to initiate appropriate measures. 
One positive aspect is that a significant portion of our loan portfolio is backed by 
security, and these are considered bankable securities. Historically, our ability to 
recover from such loans has been quite favourable, which provides us with a sense of 
reassurance. Additionally, we are establishing a comprehensive analytics shop. This 
initiative will enhance our surveillance and monitoring capabilities using AI and other 
advanced technologies. It will enable us to identify trends in the behaviour of our 
portfolio and proactively respond to them. I trust this addresses your question regarding 
our approach to managing the stressed portfolio. 
Yashwant Thippeswamy: Sorry. Come again? I didn't get that. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sekhar Rao: 
As mentioned earlier, we are in the process of establishing an Analytics Centre of 
Excellence (ACOE), which will enhance our capability to monitor accounts 
effectively. This dedicated centre will strengthen our early warning sign systems, 
allowing us to identify accounts showing signs of incipient stress at an early stage. 
Additionally, we are also enhancing our call centre capability, which will further 
improve our ability to track and monitor such accounts. 
By combining these initiatives with the measures, we have already implemented, we 
are confident in our ability to effectively manage any potential NPAs or stressed assets 
that may arise. These efforts will enable us to proactively address emerging issues and 
take appropriate actions to mitigate risk. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Deb Bhattacharya from PNB MetLife India 
Insurance. 
Deb Bhattacharya: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. So one is on the restructured accounts. So I just saw that 
the provision is around 10%. So in your opinion, what could be the percentage, are we 
like well provided there? Or would there be any further slippage or so just your view 
on that as well? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So, our standard restructured provision stands slightly higher, approximately around 
13%. We continuously assess the opportunity to increase provisioning whenever it is 
supported by our financials and considered a prudent decision, as we did in the fourth 
quarter. It is noteworthy that almost 90% of the restructured book is performing well, 
with customers repaying their obligations in the three mentioned buckets. 
I stand corrected. The current provisioning stands at 10.31%. However, it is important 
to mention that the quality of the book has significantly improved. The restructured 
book currently amounts to INR 2,570 crores, and if we exclude related accounts, it 
comes down to approximately INR 2,070 crores. To provide further insights into this 
specific aspect, I will now pass the phone to my colleague, Mr. Abhishek Bagchi. 
Abhishek Bagchi: 
Actually, to highlight the numbers, as the size has decreased in this quarter as 
compared to December, in this quarter, we have a reversal of provision. It is about 
INR25 crores. We have a reversal of the provision. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So that's another reason why. So basically, there's been a reversal of provision, which 
is why this further looks at around 10.31%. 
Deb Bhattacharya: 
Okay. But looking at the portfolio, you're like kind of okay with that number. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes, we are comfortable at current levels. Yes. 
Deb Bhattacharya: 
Okay. Okay. I think you mentioned that some of the portfolios were like for the low 
yielding. So was it more from the large corporate portfolio? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Of course, it was from the large corporate and PSU portfolio. 
Deb Bhattacharya: 
Okay, okay. So going forward, one is on the retail strategy that, so from a risk-weighted 
asset standpoint, would we kind of see an increasing risk on the book? Or you feel that, 
broadly we would be at the same level? 
Sekhar Rao: 
It could be similar to lower levels because you also see gold loans playing out and 
home loans. So we would see this at around current levels to kind of reducing. That's 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
where we are. So it's range-bound between somewhere if you see the risk-weighted 
assets, it's around INR53,000 crores right now against the December number of 
INR54,000 crores. So it is plus or minus INR1,000 crores.  In terms of percentage, it 
would more or less be around the same area. Of course, it will grow in tandem with 
the growth that we demonstrate. 
Deb Bhattacharya: 
Okay. So broadly, whatever the overall number for the bank, the weighted mix of these 
two would kind of be broadly the same from at an overall bank level? 
Sekhar Rao: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take one last question from the line of Rakesh Kumar 
from B&K Securities. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
I was a little confused when you replied saying that it is on the interbank some 
borrowing that we had taken. So in the interest expense lines, do we not include 
interbank borrowings and the RBI borrowings number? How do we do it? Like we net 
it off from the income line? Like, how do we do that? Because there is a separate line 
item in the interest expense for interbank borrowings. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So I'll request my colleague, Mr. Abhishek, will take this question. 
Abhishek Bagchi: 
Yes. I was answering on the interest income side. As majority part of this year it was 
on a borrowing side. So it is the income on the asset and the overnight market lending. 
That is the interest income I was referring to. Interest expenses are accounted for 
separately under the expenses schedule. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Does that answer your question? 
Rakesh Kumar: 
I think we can discuss it separately, sir. 
Abhishek Bagchi: 
You can mail me across. And I'll be replying, Okay? 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sure, sir. Sure, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Sekhar Rao, MD, and CEO of Interim Karnataka Bank, for 
closing comments. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for being a part of this call. It's been a pleasure 
speaking to you. And a lot of insightful questions. We hope to build on these. We look 
forward to more frequent interactions with all of you instead of just this customary call 
at year-end. We once again thank you for your support and your compliments. Thank 
you, Ms. Melissa, for hosting us. Good evening, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us on this call. I would like to express 
my gratitude to Melissa for hosting us, and it has been a pleasure speaking with all of 
you. The questions and discussions have been insightful, and we aim to build upon 
them in the future. We look forward to more frequent interactions with all of you, 
rather than just the customary year-end call. Once again, we appreciate your support 
and compliments. Good evening, everyone. Thank you. 
************* 
