   
            
 
Ref.No. AAVAS/SEC/2023-24/471 
Date: August 10, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in reference to our letter dated July 17, 2023 bearing reference number 
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2023-24/408, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call on the Financial and Operational performance of the Company for the Quarter 
ended June 30, 2023 held on Friday, August 04, 2023. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.aavas.in/investor-relations/investor-intimation. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
  FOR AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
SHARAD PATHAK 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(FCS-9587) 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: AAVAS   
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 541988 
SHARAD 
PATHAK
Digitally signed by 
SHARAD PATHAK 
Date: 2023.08.10 
15:01:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Aavas Financiers Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2023 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SACHINDER BHINDER – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS 
LIMITED 
MR. GHANSHYAM RAWAT – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MR. ASHUTOSH ATRE – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF RISK 
OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MR. SIDDHARTH SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER – AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA SIHAG – CHIEF COLLECTION OFFICER – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MR. RIPUDAMAN BANDRAL – CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MS. JIJY OOMMEN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MR. ANSHUL BHARGAVA – CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER – 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
MR. RAJARAM BALASUBRAMANIAM – CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER AND HEAD OF ANALYTICS – AAVAS FINANCIERS 
LIMITED 
MR. GHANSHYAM GUPTA – INVESTOR RELATIONS– 
AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED  
 
 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aavas Financiers Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as of 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sachinder Bhinder, Managing Director and CEO of 
Aavas Financiers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in the earnings call 
to discuss the performance of our company for Q1 FY '24. The results and the presentation are 
available on the stock exchanges, as well as on our company website, and I hope everyone has 
had a chance to look at it. 
With me, I have Ghanshyam Rawat, President and CFO; Ashutosh Atre, President and CRO; 
Siddharth Srivastava, Chief Business Officer; Surendra Sihag, Chief Collection Officer; 
Ripudaman Bandral, Chief Credit Officer; Jijy Oommen, Chief Technology Officer; Anshul 
Bhargava, Chief People Officer; Rajaram Balasubramaniam, Chief Strategy Officer and Head 
of Analytics;  Ghanshyam Gupta, Investor Relations and SGA, our IR Advisors. 
In Q1 FY '24, we registered AUM growth of 23.2% at INR 146,500 million and a PAT growth 
of 23% at INR 1,097.1 million. We disbursed INR 10,682 million in the quarter. A quick 
update on the technology transformation project. We went with a PAN-India SFDC (LOS) 
rollout in April '23. It took some time for the system to stabilize and people to adapt to the new 
technology, which led to an overall softer disbursements in Quarter 1 FY '24. However, the 
system was fully stable by May and exited hyper care in June. 
In fact, in June '23, month-on-month disbursement saw a growth of about 17% further 
emphasizing the strong macro tailwinds driving the demand in our customer segment. In Q1 
FY '24, the new LOS system handled 33,000 files seamlessly. We continue to be excited to see 
how this will help us unlock productivity while delivering customer delight through quicker 
decisioning and disbursement. We are ready for the next step of our technology transformation 
with LMS and ERP systems, which will go live by Q4 of this financial year. We continue to 
invest for the medium and long term in both people and technology. 
The operating expenses for this period were slightly elevated as we had incremental headcount 
increase and ESOP costs in the period in addition to the tech costs. 
I would now hand over the line to Ghanshyam Rawat, President and CFO, to discuss the 
financials in detail. Over to you. 
 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thank you, Sachinder. Good afternoon everyone, and a warm welcome to our Earnings call. 
While we continue to borrow judiciously, we raised around INR 13,846 million at 8.01% 
during the Q1 FY '24. As of 30 June 2023 an average cost of borrowing on total borrowing is 
7.66% against an average portfolio yield of 13.26%, resulted in a spread of 5.60%. As of 30 
June 2023 total number of live accounts stood at 192,446 translating into 21% year-on-year 
growth. Total number of branches was 348 with 2 new branches being added in last 3 months. 
Employee count was at 5,700. Assets under management grew by 23.2% year-on-year to INR 
146,500 million as on 30th June 2023. 
Product-wise breakup: Home loan 69.8%. Other mortgage loan 30.2%. Occupation-wise 
breakup: Salaried 40.2%, Self-employed 59.8%. IGAAP to IndAS reconciliation has been 
explained in detail for profit after tax and the networth on Slide #31 and #33 of the 
presentation. 
On the borrowing side, there is access to diversified and cost-effective long-term financing, 
very strong relationship with the development financial institutions. Total outstanding 
borrowing as on 30th June 2023 stood at INR 133,816 million. Overall borrowing mix of 30th 
June 2023 is 46.6% from the term loans, 20.9% from assignment and securitization, 21.3% 
NHB refinancing, and 11.2% from debt capital market. 
Lender support continues to remain extremely strong as Aavas evolution continues. Liquidity 
of INR 31,827 million as on 30 June 2023. Cash and cash equivalent of INR 20,227 million, 
Un-availed CC limit of INR 1,100 million, Documented un-availed sanctions from National 
Housing Bank and other banks is INR 10,500 million. 
On Profitability side: PAT increased by 23% year-on-year to INR 1,097.1 million for Q1 FY 
'24. ROA was 3.16% and ROE was 13.8% for Q1 FY '24. As on 30 June 2023, we are well 
capitalized with a net worth of INR 33,887 million and capital adequacy ratio at 47.32%. Our 
book value per share stood at INR 428.5. Now I would like to hand over the line to Ashutosh, 
the President and CRO, to discuss the asset’s quality numbers. 
Ashutosh Atre: 
Thank you, Ghanshyam ji. The key portfolio risk parameters: Asset quality and provisioning. 
One day past dues stood at 3.68% in Q1 FY '24 as against 4.67% at Q1 FY '23. Gross Stage 3 
stood at 1.00%, and Net Stage 3 stood at 0.73% as on 30th June 2023. Gross Stage 3 of 1.00% 
includes 0.13% of up to 90 DPD assets, which have been categorized as GNPA following 
RBI's notification dated 12th November 2021. During FY '22, a resolution plan was 
implemented for certain borrower accounts as per RBI resolution framework 2.0 dated 5th May 
2021. 
Basis, the perceived risk and as a matter of prudence, some such accounts with an outstanding 
amount of INR 843.8 million, as on 30th June 2023, have been classified as Stage 2 and 
provided for as per the regulatory guidelines. Out of INR 843.8 million, INR 639.9 million is 
within 0 to 30 DPD bucket. Total ECL provisioning, including that for COVID-19 impact as 
well as resolution framework 2.0, stood at INR 765.6 million as of 30th June 2023. Aavas is 
well placed to continue its industry-leading asset quality. 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
With this, I open the floor for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sir, just 2 questions, more from a clarification perspective, though, you highlighted that during 
the quarter, Aavas went for a PAN-India sales force rollout, which led to softer disbursements 
in the first quarter. And you also highlighted that the system got stabilized somewhere around 
May. So sir, I just wanted to understand while this would have impacted disbursements, your 
sanctions should have been in line with your expectations. 
So if you could just share the sanction pipeline, what was the growth in the sanctions. And 
given that, if sanctions were good and we could not just disburse, can we expect some of that 
in terms of pent-up demand or pent-up sanctions, which were there to lead to a higher 
disbursement run rate in the quarters to come? And also, while things normalized from June 
onwards, can you share the disbursement run rate in June and July? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. So Abhijit, as I highlighted, we had a muted April because of the PAN-India rollout of 
our SFDC and we got the stabilization happening in the month of May. As we exited May and 
we had June, so June saw about around 17% to 18% growth over that. 
And as you rightly elucidated, there are sanctions which will really come across and help us in 
the quarter to actually come across. So you've rightly articulated, and that's what we saw 
happening as the system has moved out of its stabilization phase and the hypercare, and now 
it's fully stabilized. 
And I think it was a big transformation project for us. And we took a call of getting across on a 
PAN-India basis, both from a perspective of people adaptation and technology stabilization. So 
these were the 2 things which were the major ones which were there. But as a team, we were 
able to bounce back in the month of May, stabilize, and from June, we have been on track. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So the last question that I had here is, if you could share the breakup of your NHB borrowings, 
what was the regular refinance, and what was for affordable housing finance? And sir, in your 
presentation, every quarter, we share incremental borrowings. This quarter it was about INR 
1,350 crores, which came at about 8%. Can you also share what was the incremental cost of 
borrowings ex-NHB so that we can try to understand how is the margin trajectory going to 
look like? Because, sir, from what we understand, large part of repo-rate increases or PLR 
increases are already reflecting in the book of housing financials. So from here, how should 
yields pan out? How should cost of borrowings move? And obviously, the impact of the 
trajectory that we had will have on the margins. 
Ghanshyam Rawat:         Yes. Abhijit, your question has 2 parts. I think, let me cover the first part. NHB during this 
quarter, out of total borrowing, we borrowed almost 20% from NHB in this quarter. And other 
than NHB also, we have a few good products from the banks, institutions, from other private 
lenders, where we're able to borrow less than MCLRs from them. So our overall cost of 
borrowing for this quarter is 8%. NHB component of our overall borrowing you may see, we 
have it roughly 20% to 22% in overall of our borrowing mix. 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
So this year also, we got fresh sanctions, which is almost out of my total borrowing program. 
We have got a new sanction also, which is around 20% of total borrowing program. So 
whatever mix we have, NHB borrowing and other borrowing, it will remain similar in this 
year. And we hopefully remain in the same range in coming year also because we do a lot of 
lending, which is very important for NHB and Government of India and financial inclusion. 
Rural semi-urban area, low ticket, new-to-credit, those are our prime segments. So that it helps 
us overall in the cost of borrowing side. 
And overall, I think in this quarter, we have increased PLR by 40 basis points . On Cost of 
borrowing side, I think we see a lot of stabilization through RBI. And I think repo rate in last 2 
cycle, RBI has given a pause. So I think it has more or less remained same. Some impact 
definitely will be there on the old borrowings, but we are in the range where we can able to 
maintain our healthy margins in the coming quarters. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just one clarification. NHB Borrowings are still coming at the lending rates of about 5.5%. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think Abhijit, these are too granular questions. I think I mentioned that 20% NHB 
borrowings’ share will be maintained in the coming quarters which will help us to maintain our 
cost of borrowing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Nidhesh: 
So firstly, on the disbursement run rate, if you can mention what is the Y-o-Y growth for the 
month of June, July. That will give us confidence that now we have normalized, and this is the 
disbursement run rate that we would expect for the full year. On a Y-o-Y basis, what was the 
disbursement growth in the month of June and July, if you can share that? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Nidhesh. As I highlighted that we went through a big transformation project and 8 
branches in the month of March to PAN India 348 (350 plus) kind of branches. And as I said, 
May was a stabilization period, June was a time when we had a 17% of growth, and in July 
also, we continued with the same kind of growth. We see that in the month of August and 
September, we will have a gradual movement, which would be on the upside. So we are very 
confident as a team that after the system stabilization and after the availability of this state-of-
the-art technology, we'll be able to deliver with respect to what we've been guided to the 
market as always, actually. 
Nidhesh: 
So we should expect 20% to 25% AUM growth for the company? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes, yes, 100% for sure Nidhesh, that's been our guidance throughout. So we continue to be 
confident on that. And we are confident that we'll be there in that range of 20% to 25% this 
year AUM growth. 
Nidhesh: 
And secondly, there has been a lot of noise about employee attrition after the management 
change. If you can share some statistics, how the employee attrition run rate is going through 
specifically in Q1 and how the trends are on employee attrition. Last year, data, we already had 
in annual report, but if you can share how the trends are in Q1 that would be useful? 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Yes. Thanks. From a perspective of the senior management or if you ask about CXO, CXO or 
minus 1/ 2 level, I think there is none. Most of the attrition, which you see is the front line, 
which is a normal industry norms, and it is in line with what the industry goes through. And 
our attempt has always been to build careers for people and to invest in people as a part. 
And we say as a part of our journey, it is around people and technology. And in that, what 
we've done is for the middle and for the senior management to go across and tied-up with IIM 
Ahmedabad, to have the leadership programs, which are on the real life kind of scenarios of 
the companies which we face and really upgrade them and reskill them. 
And our entire focus has been there on the people side. So that's what it is. So it's been a 
normal -- nothing which is bothering or anything which is off the one, which I would want to 
really highlight. It's the frontline sales, which is always a normal course. 
Nidhesh: 
And lastly, what is the BT out number for the quarter i.e. absolute balance out of the loan book 
in this quarter that we have seen. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
It's in the range, which we have seen in the last few years also, 1.4% of opening AUM (for the 
quarter). Our guidance is there for roughly around 0.5% every month. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, the question was on Opex. So given that maybe with respect to the Salesforce 
implementation plus technology upgradation, how do we see overall Opex to assets at this 
time, we had a higher employee cost, but what would be the broad outlook out there? And any 
components within the Employee cost, which were exceptional and which could see the 
moderation in the coming quarters? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, Kunal, I'll have GSR answer in detail on the breakup of Opex, and it's our endeavor to 
really work across what is operationally right and get operational efficiency.  
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Thanks, Kunal. It's 2 questions. One is manpower cost, other is overall Opex trajectory versus 
AUM. If you see manpower cost, Q4 FY23 versus Q1 FY24, sequential quarter, we have 
roughly 8% to 9% annual increment cost in this quarter. There is a onetime cost in this quarter, 
roughly INR 1.25 crores of one of the KMP retirement benefit, etc., which is a onetime cost in 
this quarter. 
And one important item, when you compare with the last year quarter 4 to current year quarter 
1, certain ESOP schemes got matured where unvested some quantum was there, that quantum 
got reversed in the last quarter, which was given as a reversal of INR 10 crores versus in this 
quarter, we have a normal cost of INR 5 crores to INR 6 crores, as the ESOP cost, basically. 
If you eliminate and compare this thing, you will find quarter 4 to quarter 1, we are roughly at 
the 8% to 10% incremental in manpower cost apple-to-apple. I hope that clarify your question. 
And overall opex cost trajectory, yes, you know that we are doing tech transformations and all 
these things are there. 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
But generally, in Quarter 1, our opex-to-AUM ratio remains a little bit elevated because first 
quarter growth in AUM is lower than what we see in overall growth in full year basis. So as 
we move ahead, we are confident at the year-end, whatever we have given a commentary on 
the annual/ year-end, we will be in the range of what you have seen, say 3.68% was last year, 
closing. We will be a few basis points (say5 to 10 basis points) here and there. 
Kunal Shah: 
But the delta would must be 10 odd basis points, largely. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Roughly largely looks like so. 
Kunal Shah: 
So it will get upwards of 3.5%. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
No, no, we closed last year at 3.68%. This quarter, we closed at 3.79%. So as I mentioned, we 
will be 5-10 basis points here and there. So roughly, you can take this around 3.68%. 
Kunal Shah: 
And one thing in terms of current quarter's employee cost only INR 1.25 crores related to 
retirement that is a one-off otherwise, balance would be more kind of a normal cost of 
increments on that, yes. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes. Normal incremental cost, , if you see the percentage increase to the one year ESOP 
reversal last year and this year’s normal ESOP cost so then if you eliminate that piece, you will 
find that there is a normal increase in the manpower cost of around 8% to 10% quarter-on-
quarter. 
Kunal Shah: 
How much for the ESOP? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
The ESOP cost, Kunal, is about INR 12 crores, which as highlighted by Ghanshyam ji when 
we say INR 12 crores increases because we had minus INR 5 crores in Quarter 4, which had a 
reversal and INR 7 crores in the current quarter. So that total tantamounts to INR 12 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shweta Daptardar from Elara Capital. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
I just have one question. Of late, our product mix has been tilting more towards other mortgage 
loans. So is this by design or demand? And how does the mix look like going forward?  
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
I think, yes, definitely, we want to maintain roughly 35-odd percent in Non-home loan. And 
we've managed everything well in last couple of years. 
We have designed more MSME products, which are giving us an extra value creation in the 
overall shareholder value because we have been able to tie up long-term low-cost funds for 
MSME lending. 
So that is helping us to deliver an overall spread and NIM. We want to remain in the similar 
bucket, somewhere 65% plus home loan, around 30% to 35% non-home loan. But under non-
home loan, we want to have 50% plus as MSME and the remaining maybe depending upon life 
cycle need of our existing or new customer, basically. 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
But if you see in this quarter, Q1 FY24, compared with the Q1 of last year, the home loan 
component has seen an increase in this quarter,which is almost 6% better if you compare with 
the last year Quarter 1. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
And just a follow-up question there on,– because you mentioned about SME and other 
products. So could you provide more color because the players and others have been calling on 
certain concerns on the small ticket lending. So could you provide color on your portfolio in 
the SME and small retail that is extended? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Mam, I think, very important question. All these MSME loans are fully backed by residential 
mortgage security, 95% plus my customers are living at that house, they mortgage that house 
to us. My normal LTV comes under the asset around 45% to 50%, it is giving us a yield 
around somewhere 15% plus given the business  &,cost of borrowing for this fundis around 
8.5%. So it's a good product  and now we are -almost in the fifth year of business operation for 
this product. So we have run almost 1 cycle of credit quality also, and we didn't saw NPA 
more than 1% in that book also. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
And Shweta, just to add on to what Rawat ji said, another thing is that we've always followed 
the cash flow based underwriting practice, and that is how actually it helps us to maintain that 
NPA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just on the long-term borrowing for the MSME, which you mentioned earlier I'm just saying 
what's the rate we are getting it, and what's the source of funding since you said it's coming in 
other subsidized rate maybe? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Pallavi could you please repeat your question? 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
You mentioned about MSME, the funding that you're getting this at an attractive rate and for a 
long tenure. So if you could just share with us what's the tenure and what's the rate you're 
getting at that? Just this is to understand from an industry perspective, nothing to do with 
Aavas, but just wanted to -- because we're seeing a lot of boom in the MSME space. So I just 
want to understand who is funding it actually since you said it's at attractive rates? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
You will appreciate to take a lender name is difficult, but I can give the sector-wise  lending. 
These are secured borrowing. And at Aavas we have demonstrated in the last 10 years,  the 
credit consciousness and the quality of our portfolio. If you see in last 10 years, the total write-
off is INR 25 crores against our total lending of INR 23,000 crores in last 10 years. So market 
recognized that thing. 
And accordingly, we get the best price when we borrow from the market. PSU banks, private 
banks, all are the lenders in that market. And on multi-lateral also they are showing interest to 
lend MSME. So roughly, we get around 8 to 10 years long-term borrowing from these lenders, 
roughly pricing comes between 8% to 8.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghav Garg from AMBIT Capital. 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Raghav Garg: 
Just one question from my side. If you could help us with the absolute amount standing in each 
of these 4 states, which are Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, and Gujarat that will be 
very helpful. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Raghav at the overall basis you know Rajasthan, when we commenced the business initially 
Rajasthan used to be around 80% stake, but we consciously diversified our business from 
Rajasthan to MP, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Uttrakhand, Haryana, Delhi NCR, 
Karnataka and UP. So now Rajasthan’s contribution is in the range of 30% to 35%. And 
Maharashtra, MP and Gujarat equally around 15% to 16%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Agarwal from InCred Capital. 
Mayank Agarwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the successful tech implementation. So my first 
question is on the benefit of tech implementation. How it would reduce our TAT. So our TAT 
was earlier about ~10 to 11, so we would benefit on that. And second, in terms of efficiency, 
how much increased efficiency could be visible because of this tech implementation? 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
So we'll have Jijy Oommen, our Chief Technology Officer, to answer on this. 
Jijy Oommen: 
Hi Mayank, Good afternoon!  To your question, so we have actually just gone live in the last 
quarter with the new technology platform. And our main objective of bringing in the new 
technology platform is threefold: one, of course, to bring in better efficiency and productivity 
in the entire process. Second, how do we make our systems and processes more stable and 
scalable? And then the third is bringing in the right customer experience. 
So of course, we are in the first quarter post stabilization and we have enabled the mechanisms 
to track every single process and timestamp it so that we are able to track how the processes 
are or how the file is moving across different processes. We brought the entire organization to 
a common platform that will also help everybody seamlessly, right from the onboarding of 
customers going all the way up to the disbursal. So we have now that ecosystem in place. 
Of course, scalability is something that is already done. And at the same time, on the efficiency 
and coordination perspective, now the tech ecosystem is in place. And of course, by quarter-
by-quarter, we will track. We'll keep improving the different processes. Of course, it will take 
us some time to reach the final destination, but it's definitely going to be a journey, and that 
journey has already begun. 
On the other side, on the customer experience side, we have really started observing that the 
way in which we are able to get the customer application underwritten and disbursed has 
become much more seamless. We have enforced something called FTR. So when a file is 
brought into the system to start the process, we ensure that all the required checkpoints are put 
in place so that we do not need to go back and forth to the customer to collect documents and 
ask more questions. 
So the on-ground feedback from our team has been very, very positive. Our team is quite 
confident that they will be able to bring in better efficiency and customer experience going 
forward. Of course, as I said the journey has just begun. We will keep tracking the progress on 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
a month-to-month, quarter-by-quarter basis to make sure that over a period of time, we will 
reach a substantial amount of agility, speed, performance, and customer experience. I hope this 
answers your question. 
Siddharth Srivastava: 
Yes. I'd like to add one point here on the stabilization and adaptation. Best part is, in the 
opening remarks, Sachinder said we processed 33,000 files in a new platform, and we have 
started seeing some green shoots in the TAT and which we have seen and we have started 
experiencing because of which we were able to recover very fast. 
So 2 things are very important. The scalability of platform is there because the platform is 
raised away from hypercare stage within 30 to 45 days. This is one big thing. And second thing 
is that the team is able to adapt to that system. I think these 2 things are very important for us 
to -- in terms of Q1, we see 2 things we take care of very much. And we have started seeing 
some green shoots, and I'm sure this journey has just started as Jijy said and we are looking 
forward to a big benefit coming out of this digital transformation. 
Mayank Agarwal: 
My second question is on the new branches, which we have established in the newer 
geography in the past 2/ 2.5 years after COVID. I guess these branches would have done their 
learning curve as of now and would have started contributing to the disbursement. How is your 
experience in the incremental disbursement, incremental AUM from these new geographies 
and the new branches established? 
Siddharth Srivastava: 
In last two years, if you look at, we have gone big time in Karnataka. We have invested a good 
amount of things, we have spent some investment in Orissa, and we have opened some 
branches in U.P. also. So we are seeing decent growth happening in Orissa and in Karnataka. 
What we look at Karnataka is very similar to Gujarat in terms of population, in terms of how 
many districts are there. 
And if you look at Karnataka, we didn't go very strongly only in Bangalore. So out of 23 
branches total we have in Karnataka, only 4 branches are in Bangalore. And the remaining 19 
branches we have opened in the rest of Karnataka. And this is where our strength lies. 
And we have seen about in the range of 50% to 60% growth in Karnataka and newer markets, , 
& ranges of around 30% to 35% in U.P., Uttrakhand also. -, but still we consider them as a 
very nascent market. And we have a huge amount of headroom and runway to grow in this 
market, and we will keep investing and exploring newer opportunities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
So just thinking aloud on this forum. Now that you have done this or rather rolled out this tech 
transformation to all your branches, PAN India. Just wanted to understand, now there are 2 
levers to an improvement in throughput,  better distribution, and higher productivity from more 
branches. And then the second thing is, this new tech platform. this technology transformation 
that you have undergone. So I don't need concrete numbers here, but intuitively, if you think 
about it, how can disbursement momentum improve? (a) through better distribution 
productivity and (b) through this tech transformation that we have done? Just help us think 
through that? 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Yes, Abhijit, I think your question is around the same thing, which we are internally discussing 
at a senior management level and the Zonal Head level. So after doing the Salesforce 
implementation and then followed by Oracle FLEXCUBE as well as ERP systems. Yes, we 
are looking at how we can enhance our distribution network without expanding our branch 
network. 
It's too early to say, but in coming quarters, coming years, we are expanding other ways to 
originate our leads and our business basically. Because in this process, we have also made new 
SOC implementation also, which can pass thousands of APIs on real time on various sourcing 
channels including digital sourcing. I think you know sometime back we mentioned that we 
almost reached at 10% business which is non-conventional business. But in old systems, we 
got stuck to increase beyond 10% basically. 
Now we think after this implementation, our tech team, our underwriting team, risk team, 
business team feel confident that now we can increase this 10% contribution, which is a non-
conventional method of sourcing the business. We can increase that channel also in coming 
years. 
Yes, efficiency side also, it will help us like Sachinder Ji mentioned, all risk underwriting 
system, valuation risk, technical risk, legal team, everybody has the same platform on real-time 
basis. They can talk to customers on real-time basis, they can talk to relationship managers 
about the case, or if any further input is required. 
So efficiency-wise, we look forward. It will substantially increase our efficiency, which used 
to take, let's say, 13 days, 14 days in our overall lead time, we are targeting to bring down 
almost 6 to 7 days basically. That will surely help us. Secondly, I think gradually, we are 
making Data science, Analytics systems more robust in the company, which help us in 
efficiency improvement that will help us in more risk-based pricing & that will help us more, 
let's say, in lead funnel prioritizing basically. 
So that we start to invest time and energy when my app score is at a certain level. So that thing 
also will go live in another let's say quarter or so. So all these things will help us to bring the 
efficiency, Risk-based pricing and opex will also come in Q2. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And just one last question from my side. Again, going back to the topic of Opex, for how 
many more quarters do we expect this technology transformation program that you've 
embarked upon to get completed? 
And a related question is because of that, for how many more quarters do you expect the Opex 
to remain elevated? Some time back, Ghanshyamji had given a guidance of Opex of about 
3.7% (Opex to assets). But after this implementation is complete, this tech transformation is 
complete, based on whatever your assessment is, what can this opex come down to within the 
next maybe 2 years? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Abhijit, I think we mentioned earlier also, again, we are reiterating with the confidence that on 
the opex cycle we are almost at peak level, 3.7% to 3.80% is the figure. We mentioned that 
this year is our investment year, in which we are investing in a tech platform, technology 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
transformation, etc.. From next year onwards, we are definitely looking for 20 to 25 basis point 
savings on opex side continuously for 2, 3 years. So that will bring us back to our original 
where we started, with less than 3% Opex to AUM level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just to understand, if I'm not wrong, in the last concall of Q4, you had guided for ROE of 
somewhere between 15% to 20%. So just to get an understanding, what would be the ideal 
time line, I mean, within 2 years, we can stabilize around that levels? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
If you refer our Investor Day conference at Mumbai and if you compare Opening to Closing 
net worth and because if  you would know in last 5 years we never raised any capital, last 
capital ofcourse we raised in the IPO, so if you compare Opening to Closing net worth and 
whatever ESOP money we get every year when employee exercises his shares, if we exclude 
that portion, then you’ll see in last 2 years, we are continuously at 16% plus at Return on 
opening net worth. Because of all this IndAS accounting etc , profitability while you see that is 
roughly coming somewhere around 14-odd percent. But if you see an increase on Opening 
networth basis it is 16% plus. We are already in that trajectory. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
I thought that adjusted you're talking about that the ROE you made in this quarter is around 
13%. I thought you're talking about that ROE coming to 15% to 20%, sir. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: 
Well, this ROE will as normal we are giving our directions, long-term direction, this business 
is at a growth rate of 25%. And at the 7 to 8 leverage, we will maintain our ROA 2.5% to 3%. 
So this business is a long-term sustainable business at 15% to 20% ROE. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Nidhesh: 
Historically, we were having a decentralized underwriting system there at the branch level, the 
credit decisioning is happening. So with the new software implementation, is there any change 
in the workflow on the underwriting side? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
So Nidhesh, Ashutosh this side. See, there is no change in terms of underwriting or assessing 
the cash flows. So new system is going to support the underwriter on all the peripheral checks 
and all the peripheral clerical work so that we need not to rewrite things and we can be rest 
assured that through APIs, all the documents are cross-checked and say, with sort of certain 
APIs, or with certain software, you can actually get all the bank statements already calculated 
with use of account aggregator. 
So these kinds of clerical things when they do it. And also, they can do the prioritization of the 
cases. In one of the questions, it was asked how the efficiency can be increased? It is because 
all the documents when the client puts up in the system, the underwriter will know which 
client is almost ready with the property and the document so that he can prioritize those clients 
because, as you know, buying a house is not an impulsive decision. 
Some people just log in the proposal while they are still searching for the property, right? So 
these kinds of peripheral things actually, the system will help the underwriters. But as far as 

 
 
Aavas Financiers Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
our touch and feel of typically self-employed, non-professionals visiting their businesses, 
understanding their cash flows, will continue to be in the same manner. 
Nidhesh: 
Sure. And the credit decisioning will be happening at the branch level, right? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
It is happening at the branch level only. There's no centralization of the credit. 
Moderator: 
We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sachinder Bhinder, MD and CEO of the company for closing comments. 
Sachinder Bhinder: 
Thanks, ladies and gentlemen. As we conclude today's earnings call, I would like to express 
my heartfelt gratitude to each one of you for your participation and engagement, the dedication 
and commitment of our team, the trust and support of our stakeholders and the loyalty of our 
valued customers has always been instrumental in our growth story. 
Looking ahead, I want to emphasize that we will continue to maintain laser sharp focus on 
governance, asset quality, profitability, leveraging technology, and creating a superior 
customer experience. We remain optimistic about the future and are confident that our 
strategic initiatives will continue to drive sustainable growth and shareholder value. Once 
again, thank you for your ongoing support and belief in our vision. 
If you have any further questions or require additional information, please feel free to reach 
out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and have a wonderful weekend ahead. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Aavas Financiers Limited, we conclude this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: Our conference call transcripts are edited to correct any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language that 
might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. The reader is thereby requested to also refer to the audio recording of the call uploaded 
on the company website. 
