 
पंजीकृत कायार्लय: सी ‐4, िडिस्टर्क्ट सᱶटर, साकेत, नई िदल्ली ‐ 110017, भारत 
Registered Office: C-4, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi - 110017, INDIA 
          Tel.: +91-11-26530266 Fax: +91-11-26854000, 26522000 | Email: info@ircon.org Web:www.ircon.org 
CIN: L45203DL1976GOI008171 
 
 
 
 
इरकॉन इंटरनेशनल िलिमटेड 
(भारत सरकार का उपकर्म) 
 
IRCON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
(A Govt. of India Undertaking) 
An integrated Engineering and Construction Company 
IRCON/SECY/STEX/124                                                                                              14th August, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept./ Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग / कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग 
पी. जे. टावसŊ, दलाल ːŌीट, 
मुंबई– 400001 
Scrip code / ID: 541956 / IRCON 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/I, G Block 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड
िलİːंग िवभाग 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, ɘॉट नं. सी / आई. जी. ɰॉक, 
बांūा‐कुलाŊ कॉ̱ ɘेƛ, बांūा (पूवŊ), मुंबई‐400051 
Scrip Code: IRCON 
 
Sub: -  Transcript of the Q1FY2024 Analyst Conference Call held on Wednesday, 9th August, 
2023/  बुधवार, 9 अगˑ, 2023 को आयोिजत Q1FY2024 िवʶेषक सʃेलन कॉल की Ůितलेख 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015 
and in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 3rd August, 2023, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the post result Analyst Conference Call held on Wednesday, 9th August, 2023 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the first quarter ended on 30th June, 2023.   
 
In accordance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015, the Transcript of the Analyst Conference Call is also available on the Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.ircon.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=226&Itemid=643&lang=en  
which can also be accessed through below mentioned path: 
 
www.ircon.org>> Investor Relations>> Presentation and Earning Calls>> Transcript of the Analyst 
Conference Call held on 9th August, 2023 for financial results for the first quarter ended on 30th June, 
2023.   
 
कृपया उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर ले। 
 
धɊवाद, 
भवदीया,  
कृते इरकॉन इंटरनेशनल िलिमटेड    
 
 
(įरतु अरोड़ा) 
कɼनी सिचव एवं अनुपालन अिधकारी 
सद˟ता Ţ.: FCS 5270 
 
Digitally signed by Ritu 
Arora 
Date: 2023.08.14 16:40:15 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Ircon International Limited 
Q1 FY'24 Analyst Conference Call” 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                                   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Ircon international limited 
 
Mrs. Ragini Advani 
 
– Director Finance 
Mr. B. Mugunthan               – Chief Financial Officer and ED Finance  
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury  – CGM Finance  
                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Neerav, the moderator for this Conference 
Call. I thank each one of you for joining us today for the Ircon International Limited 
Q1 FY24 Analysts Conference call. 
At this moment, all participants are in listen only mode. Later we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press ‘*’ and 
‘1’ on your telephone keypad. 
Today we have with us from the Senior Management represented by Smt. Ragini 
Advani – Director Finance; Shri B Mugunthan – Chief Financial Officer and Executive 
Director (Finance) and Shri Alin Roy Choudhary – CGM (Finance). 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in today's call or 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature. It is subject to several risks and 
uncertainties that the actual results could materially differ. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Smt. Ragini Advani for the opening 
remarks, after which we will have the forum open for interactive Q&A session. Thank 
you and over to you, Madam. 
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Ragini Advani – Director Finance 
at Ircon International Limited. On behalf of my team, I extend a very warm welcome 
to all of you and thank you for your presence today at IRCON’s Earning Call for 1st 
Quarter ended 30th June 2023. I have with me Shri B Mugunthan – my Chief Financial 
Officer and ED Finance and Shri Alin Roy Choudhary – CGM (Finance). We extend 
our heartfelt gratitude to all our esteem stakeholders whose unwavering support and 
trust have been instrumental in driving this organization forward. 
Our focus remains on creating a strong foundation, sustainable and profitable growth, 
while maintaining a robust balance between short term profitability as well as long 
term value creation. Our commitment lies in extensive expertise, abundant resources, 
strategic partnerships to fuel culture of innovation, increase operational efficiency and 
secure superior outcomes on behalf of all our investors and stakeholders. I am pleased 
to report that our ongoing projects are progressing well. Milestones are being achieved 
within the scheduled timelines. Our technical teams have demonstrated exceptional 
dedication, expertise and a commitment to overall corporate governance and safety 
matters, and it has allowed us to overcome all the challenges that we had and deliver 
excellent outstanding execution results. I am sure you have all gone through the 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
financial results of the Company as well as the investor presentation that was uploaded. 
We are delighted to inform that IRCON has achieved the highest ever 1st Quarter 
turnover. 
Let me now take you through a snapshot of our financial performance for Q1 FY24: 
The Company has reported a total revenue of Rs.2828 crore in Q1 FY24. This is as 
high as 37% increase over the corresponding period of the previous last year. PAT has 
increased by 30% to Rs.187 crore as compared to Rs.145 crore in Q1 at FY23. Core 
EBITDA has increased to Rs 204 crore vis-a-vis Rs.172 crore for the corresponding 
previous year quarter. Earnings per share have also gone up to Rs. 1.99 per equity share 
in Q1 FY24 as against Rs.1.54 in last fiscal Q1 FY23 and this is on a face value of Rs. 
2 per share. 
The order book of the company as on 30th June 2023 stood at Rs.32,486 crores, which 
comprised about 45% orders on nomination and 55% on competitive basis. The 
domestic international split of our order book is in the range of 91:9 and currently 
IRCON as you all are aware, has 11 subsidiaries and 7 joint ventures. All of this 
subsidiaries and joint ventures along with IRCON, we are essentially into roads, 
railways, highways, renewable power projects. 
Now, without taking much time, I would now like to open the floor for the Q&A 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. First 
question is from the line of Manish Oswal from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Manish Oswal: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity, Madam. My question on the order book trend 
which we are seeing in the last four five quarters, it is not growing even if you look at 
y-o-y and quarter to quarter basis. So, how do you see the growth in the order book 
and order in flow for the rest of the current financial year? There is the question number 
first one and the second question on the margin side, we have seen some improvement 
on margin of quarter-to-quarter basis. So, where the operating margin to settle down 
given our current order book position? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, answering your first question, as far as the order book is concerned, we have been 
maintaining that previous year we were focusing on execution and now we have picked 
up our marketing and business development activities again. We do hope to get orders 
in the range of 10,000 crores to 12,000 crores in the current year. So, our order book 
remains in the levels of about 35,000 crore at the yearend as well. As regards the orders 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
that we have secured in Q1, there have been some orders that we have secured of a 
smaller value, but going forward we are hopeful as we mentioned that we will be able 
to get overall in the entire financial year orders equivalent to the range of 10,000 crores 
to 12,000 crores. Because we are fairly at advanced levels of in certain orders. As 
regards margins are concerned, this is an EPC business. We have been maintaining 
that the PAT margins will be in the range of 7% to 7.5% and our EBITDA margins 
will be in the range of 10% to 11% and we continue to maintain that stand. Quarter 1 
has given us results slightly better than earlier thing but it is also the fact is that there 
are certain provisions which typically come at the year end. So, on a year-to-year basis, 
I think that is where we would like to continue maintaining ourselves. Q1 has given us 
results much better than the market or our own expectations in terms of margins, but 
overall, it should come down to that level eventually. 
Manish Oswal: 
And lastly in your press release, we mentioned that the Prime Minister recently 
announced railway station development. So, in that market opportunity, do we share 
the significant opportunity for our Company or how we participate in that opportunity 
the station development opportunity. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, this is a news item and as you rightly mentioned, our honorable Prime Minister has 
talked about 508 station developments. These projects are of a very small size. They 
are typically in the range of 20 crores to 30 crores and again, when we have been 
making our analyst calls, we have been explaining that the niche for IRCON lies in 
slightly bigger size projects and also in complex projects which involves tracks, tunnel, 
bridges, that kind of a work. So, this is not our immediate pie of orders that one will 
look at. However, should there be certain station development projects of a bigger or 
a larger value, and where we see we can fit in, we will definitely look at those 
opportunities, but the typical project size of 20 crores to 30 crores is not something that 
we will be looking at. 
Manish Oswal: 
Thank you, Madam. Thank you very much for all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Swechha from ANS Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Swechha: 
Hi, ma'am. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Ma'am, I have a few questions. 
So, my first question is regarding order and order wins? So, if you could tell us how 
many orders that we won in or new orders that we added in Q1 FY24 and also if you 
could give me the value of the orders that we have already submitted our bids for, but 
the decisions are still pending you know. 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Ragini Advani: 
So, we have won orders to the extent of about 200 crores to 250 crores in Q1. As 
regards the orders that we are pursuing obviously they are much higher in number and 
it also depends because it is competitive bidding. It will really depend on who becomes 
the L1. Some of them are QCBs where we have scored a high technical score, but I 
mean at the end of it you are quoting for a much bigger pie and then getting a share of 
it, so those numbers would be humongous, but I think we would like to announce as 
and when those orders come of the value at which they are but overall, we are quite 
comfortable with our existing order book position and the fact that we will be able to 
recoup the order to about 35,000 crore level by the year end, that is something that we 
are looking at and we are very confident about it. 
Swechha: 
Okay. So, any broad ballpark number also you would not be able to give. 
Ragini Advani: 
No because it is very difficult. If I was to say that I am pitching in for 20,000 crore 
jobs, it has no meaning for you because it really depends on how many of them you 
would turn out to be L1 and it is the other way around also if I know some of them are 
very close, I would rather not announce till it is done because at the end of it is an L1 
driven industry. So, I think that is where we would like to stay put at this point and we 
will be happy to share as and when those orders are reasonably certain. 
Swechha: 
Okay. So, just one follow up on this. So, this is about the orders it has already 
submitted, but if you could give some sense of what kind of bid pipeline that we are 
looking at, are we bidding in the export market, some color if you could give there? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, see there are three main areas in which we are working right now. One is of course 
the rail project and when we say rail projects, it is not just the Ministry of Railways, 
but also the associated projects, which is your bullet train and your Dedicated Freight 
Corridors and associated projects. So, if you were to look at an opportunity sitting 
there, it's humungous. So, those projects as and when they come up provided they are 
of a reasonable size and have a good technical involvement, we will be bidding for all 
those kind of projects and depending upon our ability as well as pricing because we 
have also maintained that we would like to do a sustained pricing. We will not get into 
a case where we are taking the orders for the sake of making losses. So, given these 
two factors, that is something which we will continue to bid and get reasonably sized 
orders from that industry because that is where our forte is our experience and second 
is that on roads and highways, again we will continue with certain PPP project bidding 
for HAM projects and as far as international markets are concerned the existing 
markets in which we are working, which is Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, there of 
course we are already talking to those governments and trying to get some more 
projects. They are also in pipeline, but in these kind of projects since these are specific 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
country outside of India driven projects and some of them may not be NEA or LOC 
driven projects. These projects may take a little time to establish and then come out, 
but all those exercises are happening. Beyond these countries the rest of the countries 
again for example our CMD went with the delegation to Africa, to Tanzania, and there 
are certain opportunities that we are looking at in those areas, but those are the steps 
that have just been initiated. It could happen in few months, it could take certain years 
as well, but we are totally on that job as well and those are the areas which we are 
continuing to do and we should be hopefully getting, if not immediately over a longest 
period of time, we should be getting international orders as well of a significant 
amount. 
Swechha: 
Okay. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, all these would be our focus areas. 
Swechha: 
Understood. Okay. So, ma'am, we have an other income of 111 crores so could you 
tell me how much of this is on account of HAM projects? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, HAM projects is roughly about 47 crores. 
Swechha: 
OK. So, ma'am, actually, in our last call, we had kind of said that 80 crores on a 
quarterly basis is what we will make on HAM projects going forward. So, this is 
significantly lower than that number. So, what kind of led to this lower income from 
HAM projects in this quarter and then how should we look at it going forward? Can 
we do that 80 crores kind of a number from next quarter or this guidance changes? 
Ragini Advani: 
No. So, what happens is that there are certain projects which are currently operational. 
There are certain projects which will get operational in next few months and also there 
is a part which we call as scoping and descoping which happens. So, going forward we 
should be able to do more than this 47 crores and our guidance on this other income 
that we will be earning. So, when we were talking about 80 crores that also included 
O&M number along with the interest income number so that O&M number will 
probably figure in this interest on financial asset. So, when I'm telling you 47, this is 
out of 111 crores. 
Swechha: 
Right. So, last quarter out of 173, we had done 80 crores on HAM projects, right? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, that 80 crores last time when we did included a cumulative catch up on one of the 
projects. It was not 87 was not a number which would happen every quarter out of the 
two existing projects. So, we have two operational projects for Vadodara Kim and 
Davanagere Haveri as of now. So, in Vadodara Kim, there was a catch up which 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
happened in the last quarter, which will obviously not happen going forward. So, 
interest income that will sit in other income. Currently will be in the range of 45 to 50 
crores on account of HAM projects, but on an overall basis, the annuity number should 
be in the range of about 80 crores every quarter. 
Swechha: 
Okay and so just one last clarification, I think you mentioned in the previous answer 
to a participant that EBITDA 11% being maintained. This is not the core EBITDA, 
right? 
Ragini Advani: 
No, it's not core EBITDA. 
Swechha: 
OK. That's it. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pranay Khandelwal from Alpha Invesco. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Hello, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand this. Just this 
housekeeping question, I just wanted to understand how is the core EBITDA 
calculated? 
Ragini Advani: 
Core EBITDA is basically by taking out your other income. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Okay. 
Ragini Advani: 
EBITDA excluding other income. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Based on the presentation, I think our core EBITDA right now is 7.52 this quarter, 
while if we take out the other income and calculate it, it comes out to around 7.8% or 
so and some discrepancies also there in the quarters before this. I just want that's why 
I wanted to understand where it might be this difference coming from. 
Ragini Advani: 
No, I think that is a calculation that you can check with my team subsequently. But 
yeah, it is typically that and you can check it with my teams after this. 
Pranay Khandelwal: 
Alright, Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashutosh from Ambit Portfolio 
Management Service. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh: 
Hello. So, just a broad understanding, I am asking on the core EBITDA level. So, if I 
see your core EBITDA level for, I mean you have grown quite significantly in last two 
or three years now, but your core EBITDA has actually come down from 11-10% to 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
almost seven 7-1/2% now. So, can you explain the reason for this and going forward 
on a core EBITDA level, what are your expectations? I mean, have you seen the last 
of the low margins from a core EBITDA aspect or and can we see them improving 
back to 10-11%? 
Ragini Advani: 
Okay, so there are two things. The first thing is that as far as 11% margins were 
concerned couple of years back, they were exceptionally high for this industry. Once 
we have come into a competitive bid and also once we have lesser share of international 
projects. The core EBITDA margins will remain in the range of about 7 1/2 to 8 1/2 or 
maximum 9%. Now when I say core EBITDA margins 7-1/2 to 8-1/2, this is excluding 
the total other income that we have shown quarter on quarter, but if you typically see 
that also has an amount, which is something that I am earning as a part of my annuity 
in HAM projects. So, that ideally is out of my operations only and it does not get 
depicted in an excel that way, but if I was to add that that number, I think it should add 
to about 1%. 
Ashutosh: 
Yeah. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, yeah, that that will remain. See, we have always said that currently the profit 
margins that I am getting at a PAT level as well as at EBITDA levels is what is 
sustainable. What I had couple of years back was not sustainable. It was an exception. 
Ashutosh: 
So, just to understand, so do you mean to say before, let's say 3-4 years back, it was 
not on bidding basis or were there some checked. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, there were two things. One, we had some significant international projects where 
our margins were as high as 40 to 50%. 
Ashutosh: 
Okay. 
Ragini Advani: 
Okay. So, those projects, I mean we got it one off. We will be happy if we get on in 
future also. But you cannot be relying on those because internationally also now most 
of the EBITDA are done on a competitive basis and the second thing is that yes, to 
some extent earlier entire business was practically on nomination. Then over the years 
it became onto competitive basis. So, that is something which will over a period of 
time, you know, now that the competition is totally there. There had been some cuts in 
margins which we have said that has happened and now it will continue at normal 
levels at which we have been doing our FY23 etc. 
Ashutosh: 
Yeah, that is helpful. So, this competition is basically from private players also. 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, that's right. From every player in the industry, it is not just between the public 
sector. 
Ashutosh: 
Thank you mam. I will come back in the queue if I have more questions, thank you. 
Ragini Advani: 
Sure, sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipen Shah, individual investor, please 
go ahead. 
Dipen Shah: 
Yeah. Good evening and thank you for the opportunity, ma'am. Yeah, I had a couple 
of questions. Firstly, in the 1st Quarter, we have done a significant growth of more 
than 30%. How would you look at the full year. Last time you told you should be 
looking at maybe 8-10% kind of growth, but looking at the 1st Quarter should we 
aspire to be or should we look at a higher number in that? 
Ragini Advani: 
I would still say that we would say around 10% is what we will expect, but yeah, we 
will definitely aim to do much better.  
Dipen Shah: 
Okay. 
Ragini Advani: 
Because we do have the order book and we do have the execution skill sets, but you 
know, I mean, with the kind of industry in which we are working. It really depends on 
lot of factors which are beyond our control also as well. So, we will be happy to take 
anything beyond that. But as of now, as a management, we would say that we expect 
growth in the range of 10% over the previous year. 
Dipen Shah: 
Okay and in the high-speed rail project recently, there was a contract which was 
finalized and probably a private player has won it. So, any further contracts or are we 
bidding for any further contracts in the high-speed rail project or any other area where 
we have got a higher technical expertise? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah, absolutely as we have been maintaining, we are and we will be bidding for all 
projects where we feel our technical expertise will be utilized to the maximum because 
that' is where our niche lies and also like unlike many other companies, we like to take 
up projects which we deliver with quality and time, so that will be continuing as our 
focus area. But I mean at the end of it is a competitive sector and we are fairly confident 
of our skill sets as well as pricing. So, when we get those orders. We will be happy to 
share it with you, but yeah, definitely that is our focus area not to worry about. 
Dipen Shah: 
Okay. Thank you very much, ma'am and all the very best to you. 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shreyansh Mehta, from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Ma'am, 
I joined a bit late. So, my question, so first on the revenue guidance, if you would like 
to throw some numbers given that 1Q is you know much better than what we had 
expected. 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah so I think the previous stakeholder also asked the same question and I just 
mentioned that by yes, we are very happy with our Q1 performance and we hope we 
can take it forward in the other quarters but on an overall year basis, I would still like 
to say that we should be about increasing our overall revenue in the range of 10% over 
the previous year. If we do better than that, we will have a clearer picture probably in 
Q2 or Q3 and we will be sharing it forward, but that would be the overall factor right 
now because there are many extraneous factors which at times are beyond us, and 
therefore, we will not like to over commit to any of our investors. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it, got it. Ma’am second question is pertaining to, the press release which was 
given that one of our JV Bastar Railway would be taken over by the railways. So, what 
is the investment out there and how much will we be getting from that? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, you know it is just the in-principle decision which has happened right now and our 
equity investment in that project was 76.34 crore. We will be working out the pricing. 
It should be on a mutually agreed price, but this is a project which had just started. 
Land was taken and some basic earthwork was started. So, I think it should eventually 
materialize around the level at which we have invested only, but the Nitty-gritty and 
the details we will do as and when we tie it up the railways, we will share it with you 
all. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it and Ma’am this is just the equity portion, anything which we have given in the 
form of loans and advances or any other advantage to this subsidiary? 
Ragini Advani: 
There are no advances, no loans. In fact, that entire project that JV had also not taken 
up any loans so far. So, it was at a very preliminary stage when it has been announced 
to be taken over by railways. There is not a problem that way, yeah. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it, got it. Sure, and certainly, ma'am, in terms of order inflows, we were guiding 
for that order in flows would be we will be targeting from second half onwards. So, 
how much can we expect going forward? 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Ragini Advani: 
So, I just mentioned that we would like to keep our order book in the range of 35,000 
crores by the year end and that is something which we are targeting and going full 
fledgedly only to look for orders securing orders in that range or even higher but as 
and when we get those orders, we will be happy to share that with you all. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Sure, ma'am and lastly, on the cash on books, our own cash and the investments which 
we have made and likely investment in next couple of years. 
Ragini Advani: 
Our own cash is in the range of 800 to 900 crores and as far as the investments which 
we are likely to make, these are in the range of about 1150 to 1200 odd crores 
cumulatively out of which 500 to 600 crores should be in the current year. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
And how much have you done till date. 
Ragini Advani: 
We have already made. I think it is in the range of about 2200 odd crores. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
2200 and incremental 1000 odd crores? 
Ragini Advani: 
Incremental another 1000-1100 crores, yes. 
Shreyansh Mehta: 
Got it, ma'am. Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Ragini Advani: 
Alright, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Determined 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Good evening, ma'am. Just one question with respect to what kind of projects really 
are you bidding for? We have seen a few of your peers like RVNL, you know, enter 
into, very wide variety of you know segments, roads and gone very, very aggressively 
into international as well. We just wanted your thoughts on in terms of whether you 
are also sort of looking at segments other than railways and international markets to 
India versus international and railways versus you know non railways in terms of 
opportunities and risks if you can just. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, you know the first thing is that apart from railways we are already into roads. 
RVNL has recently taken one order there, but we have been taking orders on roads and 
highways in PPP mode as well as otherwise for few years now and in fact four of our 
assets, in fact, five of our road assets are already operational. So, that is something 
which we are doing continuously and we will continue to do. Railways will remain our 
core area of focus. Internationally again, as you all are aware, IRCON have had a 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
history of doing maximum number of projects outside India as a PSU. We have done 
some 120 odd projects in 25 plus countries and currently also we are executing in and 
about 5 to 6 countries, some projects so international also will continue to be our focus 
area. It is just that because of the economies worldwide, there are certain decisions 
which many countries are right now delaying or are taking a little time and that is what 
may impact in terms of us securing orders over a short-term period from international 
market, but they continue to be our strength as well as focus. The order that RVNL 
took internationally is something that even we bid in that and we were L2. 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay, ma'am. In terms of your order book, if you can please help me with the mix for 
railways versus non railways and the international versus India. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, our railways is about 70%-odd of our order book and our domestic is about 90% 
of our order book. So, domestic International is 90/10 and railways versus others is 
70/30 almost. And nomination versus competition is 45/55. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow up is from the line of Swechha from ANS Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Swechha: 
Hi ma'am. Sorry just a follow up here regarding again the order book edition. It is 
really encouraging to know that you are pretty confident that you know we will be able 
to add 10,000 to 12,000 crore of orders this year. You know, but I wanted to understand 
that you know in Q1 you only added I think 200 to 250 crores of orders and even in 
the last couple of quarters if we see, Q3 we added Rs. 120 crores last year, last year Q2 
also we did 330 crores. So, I am so sure that confidence of adding 10,000 crores to 
12,000 crore of orders this year is definitely basis some comfort that you have in the 
orders that you have already submitted the bid. Right. So, because it's a big, big thing, 
right, because we have already done only 200 -250 crores this quarter. So, if you could 
give some sense that what kind of orders that we have already bid for which decisions 
are pending and we are so sure that so there might be some big orders that we have bid 
for and you are confident. 
Ragini Advani: 
All I would say is, you know as one of your colleagues also asked the same thing is 
that rest assured, whichever sectors we are right now in operational in as well as 
focusing on, which is railways, roads and highways as well as international business, 
we are definitely focusing in these areas only in terms of specific opportunities and 
how much are we expecting in pipeline and by when I think we would only be in a 
position to share that as and when we are almost there or we have got the award letters 
from them because you see it is a competitive business. It is a tough industry, we are 
fairly confident because we know that one our technical skill sets and our experience 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
is great and two, in terms of sustainable pricing, that something where we are always 
good. So, if someone comes in quoting a low price with the objective of entering and 
not earning profits out of it those are the players with whom probably even IRCON 
would not compete and would not like to compete, but otherwise there is no reason for 
us to get certain projects that we are targeting and we will be sharing it in the due 
course as and when it comes. As of now, I think the very fact that we picked up and 
built an order book up to 44,000 crores last year should be a good enough through for 
a confidence that you all may have in the management of the company that we are 
capable of getting that. The reason why we went slow last year is because we were 
focusing on execution and 44000 crore order book is also a significant number, which 
IRCON had and we want to be very comfortable that we are able to actually deliver 
similar products on these fast and stringent timelines. So, it was a conscientious 
decision that we have taken and as I mentioned in my last call also, it is now that we 
are going back into order books because we knew we were comfortable with the range 
of 30 to 35,000 crores. So, and so we do not need to kind of rush into getting orders. If 
one is comparing 44,000 to 32,000 or 35,000 it is right what you are asking. But if one 
was to see in terms of the order size we have it for a 3 to. 3-1/2 year period.  
Swechha: 
Okay. 
Ragini Advani: 
There is nothing to worry per se. 
Swechha: 
Okay. No that that gives a lot of comfort that we are confident we will add in 10 to 
12,000 crore of orders this year. So, thank you. Thank you so much, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow up is from the line of Ashutosh from Ambit PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashutosh: 
Yeah, I just understand the growth guidance of 10%. So, just wanted to understand 
because we have grown significantly for last many quarters rather and even in this 
year's Q1, we have grown by almost 35-36% on the top line, but if we are thinking 
from a 10% kind of growth on an annual basis that actually leaves with us with almost 
no growth for the rest of the nine months, mathematically speaking and if you already 
have the order book of 30 to 33,000 kind of order book right now, then would not it be 
a fair assumption from execution angle. You would be in a position to continue on this 
kind of a run rate from a top line growth perspective and not expect like a very flattish 
top line in the rest of the quarters in this year. 
Ragini Advani: 
See, there are many factors which are beyond us, whether it is geographical, 
economical, political, we have had a fairly good quarter one which typically is not the 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
case, but we have had it because of course there was a lot of execution pressure and 
we have delivered it, but going forward one, geographically, there are monsoons in 
many areas where Q2 could be affected. And two, from an overall perspective that kind 
of because our projects go in tandem with the owners, they also have to do certain 
things to make sure that the execution is happening at the speed at which it should be 
happening. So, those are things which what I am saying is if it happens it will be great 
and we will be happy to have a higher growth, but to say with certainty that that will 
happen is very difficult to say. So, if there is no execution pressure on some of our 
clients and associated governments as well as other associated partners, then yes, it 
could come to that level of 10 to 12,000 crores only. So, this is something which we 
will be having a better idea in Q2 or Q3. As of now, we will like to go with the fact 
that overall minimum increase would be 10% over the previous year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pranay from JNJ Holdings. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranay: 
Hi, good afternoon, ma'am. Thank you for this opportunity. On the same lines 
basically, if I heard you correctly, our order book is about 32,400 something crores and 
we plan to close this here by about 35,000 crores on the order book front and basically, 
we have executed about 2700 crore in the 1st Quarter and if you are expecting 10-12 
thousand crores of new order book addition in the current year, the maths workout to 
be around 20, 25% of top line growth. So, I am just unable to basically correlate 
because that number comes up to about 12-1/2 and a 13,000 crores of top line vis-a-
vis with your guidance of 10% of top line growth. So, if you can just help me 
understand. 
Ragini Advani: 
10% of top line growth is working out around 11-11-1/2 thousand crores, right? 
Pranay: 
Yeah, but if I do the simple math of your. 
Ragini Advani: 
It actually a matter of. I mean, it really depends on the execution skill set, right? So, 
which is what I have been maintaining that while we can go beyond 11-11-1/2 thousand 
crores, but there are elections coming up, there are certain things which tend to go 
slow, which are extraneous of us. There is monsoon which will come up in Q2. So, if 
we do around 13 it will be great and we will target, but to say I will achieve that number 
is not something I am confident at this stage, so I am saying that we will actually grow 
at least to a level of our 10% increase over the previous year. 
Pranay: 
Okay and with the same 7- 7-1/2% PAT margin? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes. 

 
 
        Ircon International Limited 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Pranay: 
OK, ma'am. Thank you so much alright. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you Neerav for moderating the call. I would also like to thank all our 
stakeholders, business partners, analyst, investor friends who from continued to show 
faith in our company and supported this journey. We assure you that we will continue 
to deliver. We would be happy to connect with you on a one-to-one basis if required 
for any further queries or clarifications and with this, I conclude today's concall and 
thank you all for the active participation. Thank you, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Thank you all for being a part of the conference call. If you 
need any further information or clarification, please mail at sachin.garg@ircon.org. On 
behalf of Ircon International Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
