 
 
 
June 3, 2023 
 
To,
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543451  
 
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Scrip Symbol: AGSTRA 
 
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 29, 2023 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed, transcript of the earnings conference call held on Monday, May 29, 2023, post declaration of the audited 
financial results (standalone and consolidated) for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023 
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at www.agsindia.com 
 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Sneha Kadam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(Mem No: ACS 31215) 
 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
 
SNEHA 
PRABHAKAR 
KADAM
Digitally signed by 
SNEHA PRABHAKAR 
KADAM 
Date: 2023.06.03 
12:44:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 29, 2023, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI GOYAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AGS TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. SAURABH LAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AGS TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
MR. STANLEY JOHNSON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
AGS TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to AGS Transact Technologies Limited Q4 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note this conference call is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Goyal, Chairman and Managing Director, AGS 
Transact Technologies Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Ravi Goyal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to each one of you and thank 
you for joining our Q4 and FY23 Earnings Call. On this call, I'm joined by our CFO, Mr. 
Saurabh Lal and our Executive Director, Mr. Stanley Johnson.  
FY22-23 saw key regulatory developments come to the spotlight such as the MHA guideline 
on implementation of cassette swapping, introduction of digital banking units, interchange fee 
on PPI-based UPI transactions, and interoperability of PPI wallets by NPCI and more. We also 
saw a healthy reception to and strong adoption of CRMs, i.e., cash recycling machines by 
multiple banks. This has facilitated cash deposit in addition to cash withdrawals at bank 
branches, and we are confident that this adoption and switch towards CRM will continue at a 
rapid pace.  
Banks are focused on expansion both in terms of geography and in terms of ATM and CRM 
network with the objective of capturing a wider customer deposit base and to achieve financial 
inclusion goals. We are setting up Digital Banking Units or DBUs that mimics a bank branch 
while minimizing the overall operational cost and providing 24/7 access to the customers.  
Further, we are increasingly adding to the CRM network, which although requires more 
investment than a regular ATM, but offers better economics for players like us and higher cost 
saving for banks. This can be seen from the fact that fresh RFPs for procuring about 17,000 
ATMs and cash recycling machines were floated in FY23. This year too, cash has retained its 
primary spot with cash in circulation steadily rising over the year. The cash in circulation, 
which stood at about INR28.5 trillion in FY21, has reached INR33.5 trillion in FY23, and it is 
projected to reach approximately INR35.5 trillion by FY24.  

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
As a percentage of GDP, the current level stands at almost 13.7% of GDP. Talking about the 
cash management market, when we take the total ATM cash management, retail cash 
management, and dedicated cash and transit vans together, this market was approximately 
INR3,300 crores in FY22, which stands at INR3,920 crores in FY23, and is projected to grow 
to a level of approximately INR7,900 crores by FY27.  
From a company standpoint, we have focused on further streamlining our overall business 
operations and services. From a steady performance last year, we had slight growth in the 
current year, going to multiple challenges in the macro environment, slower uptake of some 
initiatives, and spillover of our order execution by a quarter or two. 
Having said that, the road ahead is promising, as conscious efforts over the year have resulted 
in a few major developments, which we look forward to seeing materialize in the coming year. 
In our core business, which are ATM outsourcing and cash management, continue to perform 
well. In Q4 FY23, we serviced approximately 74,501 customers touchpoint across 2,200 cities 
and towns in India during the quarter. We provided cash management services to more than 
42,426 ATMs through our wholly owned subsidiary Securevalue.  
As on March 31, 2023, AGS had installed, maintained and – or managed a network of 
approximately 74,501 ATMs and CRMs. Our CRM network has expanded from 4,072 to 5,178 
in the last year. Our ATM outsourcing and managed service business, which complements 
cash management -- cash management part is housed in this standalone entity. This business 
faced some pressure in the business, especially in terms of provisions relating to loss 
allowance.  
Going forward, we expect that both these businesses can give us an upside, as we recently 
announced winning an order of 8,000 ATMs and CRMs under managed outsourcing portfolio. 
Of these, we have already completed an integration of close to 2,000 ATMs, CRMs for Punjab 
National Bank. The integration process for the remaining 6,000 ATMs and CRMs is underway 
and is expected to be completed by H1 FY24. 
Revenue growth in ATM outsourcing solution is dependent on volume of transactions. We 
expect a constant margin on the back of increasing share of capex light expansions. AGS TTL 
has also an automation product business. We are consciously looking to scale down due to 
lower margins and returns on capital in this business. However, we will continue the servicing 
for this business. This business is close to INR760 million in terms of top line and tends to be 
working capital heavy.  
Scaling down lower margins and high working capital business lines and tapping high growth 
business lines with better profitability along with other initiatives will help us elevate the 
margin profile. On the digital front, we are taking advantage of the growing digital adoption in 
the country by rolling out point of sale devices with a focus on OMCs.  
In addition, we have powered the Rupay National Common Mobility Card, what is popularly 
called NCMC, issued by RBL Bank for Bengaluru Metro Rail Corporation, the second longest 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
metro line in India. More recently, we have also provided and implemented the automatic fare 
collection system for Kochi Water Metro.  
In this quarter, we had announced launching Open Loop co-branded prepaid cards on our PPI 
license with a leading Indian FMCG conglomerate. These are Open Loop prepaid cards that 
can be accepted on any device on Rupay network. It will add to our already growing revenue 
stream for the digital payment business. We will continue to leverage our digital payment 
platform ONGO to provide payment as a convenience for corporates, merchants and 
consumers through our comprehensive portfolio mix, which includes all-in-one costs and 
value-added services like prepaid or loyalty programs.  
Talking about our performance in terms of sales mix for the quarter, the ATM outsourcing 
business, which works on a transaction or on a fixed fee basis, contributed approximately 46% 
of our quarterly top line. Another 30% of the top line came from AMC services and updates. 
Our cash management subsidiary Securevalue which serves a mix of captive and non-captive 
ATMs contributed 16% of the topline from the non-captive ATMs. 
This quarter, our service revenue inched up by 1% as compared to the same quarter last year, a 
depiction of our gradually changing revenue mix and in line with our strategy to move towards 
greater service revenue. For FY23, service revenue was hefty 93.7% and this income from 
these services is recurrent in nature and supported by long-term contracts. 
Now I would request my colleague Saurabh Lal, CFO of AGS Transact Technologies to share 
the financial highlights of Q4 and FY23. Saurabh, over to you.  
Saurabh Lal: 
Thank you Ravi. Good afternoon everyone. Continuing from the operational highlights and 
major developments that happened in the company as highlighted by Ravi also, let me now 
take you through the performance of the quarter and the year gone by. In Q4 of FY23, the total 
income of the Group stood at INR4,349 million versus INR4,050 million in Q4 of FY22.  
Talking about our EBITDA number, the adjusted EBITDA which is adjusted for ESOP 
expenses and loss allowance for the group in Q4 FY23 stood at INR1,231 million as against 
INR1,160 million in Q4 FY22. The corresponding figure for Q3 FY23 stood at INR1,171 
million. The adjusted EBITDA margin for Q4 FY23 stood at around 28.3% as against 28.6% 
in Q4 FY22.  
In the quarter, we took a loss allowance of INR387 million which was on account of certain 
age trade receivables which management has assessed basis pendency due to certain service 
level credits, including reconciliation with the customers being banks, governments and large 
corporates having a very low credit risk. 
Talking about our PAT level, we recorded a loss of INR154 million in Q4 FY23 which was 
INR483 million in Q4 FY22. Coming to yearly statistics on the same parameter, our total 
income for FY23 stood at INR17,075 million as against INR17,973 million in FY22. The 
adjusted EBITDA remained flat on the absolute level, growing by 2%. It stood at INR4,907 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
million in FY23 as compared to INR4,790 million in FY22. This has come with a 
simultaneous improvement in the margin, growing from 26.7% to 28.7%. 
Our cash back before depreciation also saw an uptick, moving from INR1,807 million to 
INR2,751 million in FY23. On our balance sheet front, the company consolidated net debts to 
debt INR6,769 million as on March 31, 2023. Updating on our segmental performance for the 
quarter, our payment solution segment contributed around 80% of our revenue in FY23. This 
segment includes cash solution segments for 63% of our overall revenue. This covers the ATM 
and CRM outsourcing and managed services and cash management services. 
The growth is largely driven by expansion in our cash management network. The digital 
solution business contributed 17% of our total revenue. This includes revenue from POS 
machines, switching, transactions and our ONGO G solutions. Our banking automation 
solutions comprise of sale of ATM, CRM and other currency technologies, products and self-
service terminals and the latest services and upgrades. The segment contributes 12% of our 
overall revenue.  
The last and the third segment, which is other automation solutions business segment, which 
encompasses sale of machines and related services and upgrades to the customer in retail, color 
and petroleum segment contributed 8% of our total revenue. 
With this, we conclude our presentation and open the floor for further discussions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
We take our first question from the line of Jiya Shah from Wealth Securities. Please go ahead.  
Jiya Shah: 
Hi, so my question is with respect to Securevalue, some of the metrics have reduced in 
comparison with the last quarter, like the number of vans, the ATM service, etcetera. So why 
is that the case, especially since the business is in a major growth driver for us? 
Saurabh Lal: 
Thank you. With respect to our Securevalue businesses, the total number of ATMs and total 
number of vans that we service is basically linked to our revenue generation and everything. 
So these are the basically active vans which are right now being used for our servicing 
business and the total number of ATM which are actually generating revenue for us. So the 
numbers that we are reporting through the platform or through our presentation is that actual 
live number of ATMs and actual live number of vans that we have. 
So if you see over a period of time, the productivity and the rationalization done in the 
business has helped us to grow this profitability of the business. So this is in line with 
whatever internal policies and processes that we are streamlining or trying to make it more 
robust and more strong, helping us to bring more and more productivity to the vans and 
profitability to the business also. So, there will be certain spare vans that we have in our 
portfolio, which as the business grows, as the number of ATMs comes to us, will help us to 
leverage our existing fleet of vans and other infrastructure that we have already created.  

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
So on a number front, as you rightly said, this business is going very strong and very robust 
and that is also reflecting in our numbers also. But and the KPAs that on which we are working 
on, we are trying to keep on utilizing our assets in the form of vans and ATMs to the best 
productivity level that we have. And every month or every quarter, we are setting up a new 
benchmark. So that is why you will see a reflection of those benchmarks that have been set, 
that number of ATMs, actually the revenue generating ATMs or number of vans, which are 
actually live and which are generating revenue for the companies are on those lines. 
Otherwise, from a business perspective, we still believe that we have a very strong growth and 
strong prospects of new customers coming to us.  
Jiya Shah: 
So that's great. I agree with that. But there is some reduction, right, compared to the last 
quarter. So you're saying some of them are not active, these vans? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So vans basically, yeah, so vans work on two parameters. If you see there are two, three 
businesses that we work in Securevalue. One is the ATMs that we services on the -- for which 
vans are required. Second is the DCV business, which is called dedicated cash vans businesses 
that we have with us. Then there is a third business called doorstep banking business. So we 
keep on -- we need these vans for all the three businesses put together.  
So as we keep on rationalizing our route metrics and route planning and everything, these are, 
we keep on, I would say, not adjusting, but shuffling the vans for that purpose. So that is why 
we see those vans for a period of time. And if some of the vans reaches to that age of maturity, 
which is like seven years, eight years, nine years, we have to move them out from the business 
also.  
Jiya Shah: 
Okay. All right. Fair point. Okay. My next question is that there was an announcement about 
the 1.1% of interchange fees on the PPI-based UPI transactions that was imposed, you know, 
in 1st April 2023. So how does this have an impact on our business? And if so, could you 
provide some details about the impact?  
Saurabh Lal: 
So, from that perspective, as we said, we are already in, which is our IISL subsidiary, which 
has a PPI license through which we are into issuance of business also when we do acquiring. 
So as of now, largely our revenue stream goes on the acquiring side, but definitely on the 
issuance side, any interchange which will come to us, whether in the form of UPI or whether in 
the form of, I'm sure you must have heard there is an announcement that there will be 
interchange fees on the credit card also now. So all those initiatives from the regulator, from 
the government is definitely going to add a lot of value to our businesses also and to all people 
who are in this industry.  
UPI, I would say, constitutes a large part of business to various merchants, but if you see our 
business is right now, our revenue is largely focused on the acquiring side, where we are 
getting, I would say, MDR as a percentage of share that goes to a merchant account and then 
out of that MDR, certain interchanges are distributed to various issuers also.  

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
So I think this is a very, very positive move from the regulator, I would say, which is, they are 
encouraging that players like us or players like any other player, maybe a bank or any other 
fintech, they can invest on the infrastructure and they can definitely rely on this UPI as an 
income from interchange.  
Jiya Shah: 
 
Okay, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of, Achal Lohade from JM Financial, please go 
ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. With respect to the receivable 
provisioning, what you have done, now if you look at the industry players, we do see that this 
kind of a large provisions on a recurring basis. So why is it, like this provision, what you've 
made INR38 crores in a fourth quarter, is that really one-off or is that recurring one? And any 
particular reason why it is played out in this fashion in the fourth quarter and the guidance for 
FY24? 
Saurabh Lal: 
I think you started correct. I think I would start with that, what are these reconciliations and 
what are these basically, if you see, most of the players, either us or some of the competition in 
the market or similar kind of players deals with various banks and other financial institutions. 
And there are various forms of reconciliations and various forms of other adjustment, not the 
word adjustment, but yes, various actions happen between those parties. But inherent to the 
risk of this business, which is basically, we are handling cash and other components of the 
business, we see, there is a lot of reconciliation happens between us and our customers or cash 
management companies and the MSPs or MSPs and the banks. 
But having said that, what we have seen over a period of time is that the business has matured 
over a period of time, the reconciliation which used to take years in the past, I would say three 
years, four years back, has now started happening on a monthly basis. There is a constant push 
from the regulators also, from the IBA also, that these reconciliations of cash, there has been 
guidelines issued by regulators that, these reconciliations of cash should happen on a periodic 
basis, with various periodicities fixed by them. 
And even banks are upgrading their software and systems to ensure that, these reconciliations 
should be minimum as much as possible. But considering the nature of this business, like you 
have a cassette swap coming up very aggressively, in the future, all this will help us to reduce 
all these reconciliations. But till that, what the industry is right now doing is that we are trying 
to give whatever best resources to both the sides to ensure that, these reconciliations become 
fast and get minimum. 
But keeping a factor of prudence of accounting or some form of expected credit laws, the time 
value of money, we have been advised and we have be able to discussed with our Board 
internally also that, we thought, let us make this provision, at any point of time, these 
reconciliations get concluded, we may get the final numbers and these are the numbers that, 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
will get reflected automatically, in the future also, in case there is something plus or minus is 
required in the financials. 
But as I said, from a probability or from the future perspective, the reconciliations of processes 
of the new transactions or the immediate transactions or I would say, the transactions happened 
in the last one month or quarter or yearly, they have become very streamlined now. So, from 
the market perspective, from the bank's perspective, that new reconciliations are going very 
strong, but there are old reconciliations, which is pending and will need to happen. 
Some percentage of business will always carry a certain percentage of risk, which is cost of 
doing business, that percentage will always remain in the past and the future also. But these 
big numbers, I feel that those big numbers may not be a reflection of what has happened in the 
past or reflection of the future also. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. So, I am just curious, sir, if I look at the provisioning, what you have done in first 
quarter, it's almost nil, in second quarter 1.3%, third quarter 1.2% and in fourth quarter, it is 
9% of your revenues. In fact, I am talking about the overall revenue for the segment will be 
even larger. So, if you could help us understand, is this provisioning done, at the end of the 
year, is it done on a more calculated fashion, on a quarterly basis? 
And again, I am coming back to the same question, FY ‘24, would we see similar kind of 
provisioning possibility in FY ’24, as well? 
Saurabh Lal: 
As I said, the past may not be the reflective of future, definitely. But just coming to your point 
that, how does this provisioning happen, sir, what we will do is that there is a set discussions 
and communication that keeps on happening between us and the banks or us between the cash 
management companies and we keep on submitting this data points and reconciliation 
happening between all of us, as a party together. 
In the first quarter, second quarter, we will be able to demonstrate that, there is a reconciliation 
which is happening, we have been able to demonstrate that, there is a money, which is getting 
transferred to both the accounts, on account of reconciliation. On the year-end basis, when we 
try to close the audits and books of accounts, as a management, we took this call that, okay, 
since this money is definitely a process of reconciliation and it is taking time to get clear a 
period of time, so we took that call that, okay, let us discuss internally and if this requires 
certain provisioning, requires certain adjustment to show that the correct amount get reflected 
in the financial, then it gives a right picture to the outside world also. 
So, that is how, we took this call in the fourth quarter. But this reconciliation, as we said in our 
statement also, these are the old trade receivables, where the reconciliation is in the process 
and the latest reconciliations, we feel that they will not have such larger or big impact on the 
number and as we go forward, probability is that, definitely those reconciliations will be as 
minimum as possible, but that may not be confirmed by me or maybe by the business also that, 
whether it is confirmed or not. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
But what we have done is that we have tried to ensure that, wherever we see that, there is a 
possibility of certain some deductions, which may happen or some reconciliation can happen, 
let us try to make it a maximum and then try to come out with the correct number, so that the 
financials get or reflect the right numbers both on the P&L side and the balance sheet side. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. So, second question I had, if you could give us some sense, given the strategy, which is 
underway in terms of the revenue growth for each of these segments and the margins, 
sustainable margins. If we could look at for next couple of years? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, from a growth perspective, the best part, which we have seen over the period of time or in 
the history is that our kind of business that we have, we have a very-very strong recurring and 
long-term contract that, we would have. I think Ravi's speech also covered that, almost 93.7% 
of our revenue has become a service revenue, which is again a reflective of our recurring 
revenues also, be it the transaction fee, contract or be it a fixed fee contract or be AMC 
contract. That is a very-very important factor in our business, which helps us to predict, the 
revenue, at least on a constant basis. 
From a growth perspective also, two large wins that, we had last year and which continues to 
get deployed this year is on the PNB and UBI, which is going to add additional 8,000 ATMs in 
our portfolio. So, that also helps us to give a good, good visibility. Again, as I said, it's a fixed 
fee long term contract. So, we have a clear visibility of growing this number. I think, what 
Ravi's speech also covered and what we have also shared in the investor call, I think more 
important for us from this year onward is that, we have built up a road map for FY ’24, where 
we want to continue to grow our strong business lines like ATM outsourcing, securevalue 
business and other business lines, which we have seen in the past, have given us a good return 
both in the form of profitability and both in the form of return ratios. 
And certain other businesses like, in case of other automation businesses or banking 
automation businesses, where the product line businesses have been consistently been going 
down also and we may have a other plan to scale it down further. So, from an overall revenue 
perspective, it will not be prudent on my side to give you that, this is a growth, we are 
expecting. On a profitability side, we would like to sustain and grow our EBITDA on an 
adjusted EBITDA percentage basis that we have generated in the past. That will be a right 
reflective for us or maybe a right KPI for us, to monitor us on FY ‘24 basis. 
And the organization is working on to ensure that, as we scale down the businesses, which are 
heavy on the capital side also or lower on the margin also, let's keep on moving it down over a 
period of time, keep on building strong services, use it and let's get whatever internal operating 
leverages that, we get. So, that is what the plan for FY ‘24. 
Achal Lohade: 
Just to clarify, when you say asset heavy, you mean the BLAs will be more asset light like the 
8,000 orders, what you have got or what are your thoughts about the BLA, what kind of 
opportunities there and how do we see, we participating in that? 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, as we are already a leader in the market, so we definitely get an opportunity to participate 
in various tenders, whether it is from the private sector bank or whether it is from the public 
sector bank. Since, we have a very, very strong base in private sector bank, we always get a, I 
would say not the offer but just definitely a preferred partnership approach is always there and 
they look like to have a strong long term preferred partner approach. So, from that perspective, 
we continue to grow our relationships with existing banks that, we have. 
I just said not the asset heavy, I said, it was the businesses, which we are planning to scale it on 
are working capital heavy also. So, this is where we do. But if there is opportunity coming in 
our payment solution business or in any other businesses, which demand certain capital for us 
to be deployed and we see the return ratios are very effective and it is a long-term contract and 
it fits in our strategy to grow our service business further, our balance sheet will allow us to 
leverage us also to that extent.  
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Just one question, I had about the balance sheet. In terms of the credit cycle, what 
is the typical receivable days, in each of these three verticals? And if I look at your receivable 
days, I think three years or four years back, it used to be 90, today it is 200. How do we see it 
going forward? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, receivable days, I agree that there is an increase in the working capital cycle and 
specifically in the last two to three years. If you see before COVID, it was definitely in 
between 120 days and in the last 2 years - 2.5 years it has moved further, it has grown. 
Largely, as I said, which is one of the reasons as we have been discussing and we have been 
already explaining also is that one is that there is a reconciliation difference which happens 
between various customers and us which leads us to delay in those collections. 
The second is that again it is coming on the product side of the business where we keep on 
selling certain products over a period of time and it has a milestone-based payment and those 
milestones have certain clauses which will only lead to the realization of those receivables into 
maybe sometimes six months, sometimes one year and everything. 
Other than that, I think after the COVID what we have seen is that there was an increase in a 
cycle of almost 35 days between various customers and it has become a new normal to some 
extent. But trust me, as an internal team we are focusing very hard and we are striving to bring 
this back to the old days which we had pre-COVID days. I think we have been able to collect it 
and we are not going further on the collection days. Maybe by this year end or maybe by 
quarterly, I think we will be able to demonstrate those improvements to the market also. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sorry sir, just a clarification on this. On one hand, we are seeing the reconciliations are getting 
faster, more automated so to say, efficient right. On the other hand, the credit days have gone 
up. So is it that the banks are able to leverage their strength to extract more credit out of us and 
also the other industry players or is it particularly more prominent for us? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So ours is a very large scale of business which is into ATM outsourcing and other businesses 
where we are directly dealing with the customers which are banks and financial institutions. So 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
our share of reconciliation is much higher because if you talk about the competitors or 
competitions, basically they are not dealing directly with the banks. They are basically dealing 
with the MSPs. So their reconciliation timelines and our reconciliation timelines are quite 
different from each other. 
But on an overall industry phenomena, you will find that the debtor days are significantly 
higher but this business required a certain level of working capital because the process of 
billing and process of getting paid in itself is a long-term process where we build on monthly 
basis. We get a confirmation from the customer and those customers go for a billing and then it 
gets paid. So overall industry wise, this process itself is a long-term process. 
But coming back to your point on reconciliation, as I said, definitely the reconciliation process 
has come down over a period of time but there are still certain age receivables which are sitting 
on the balance sheet with us. Some of the provisions we have taken but still there are certain 
amounts which may be more than 6 months, more than 9 months, maybe more than 12 months 
which are hold good for us which we have been able to demonstrate or businesses are able to 
demonstrate that these collections are definitely hold good for us and the credits are also good. 
But it needs some time to get reconciled and get paid and that bucket still continues to be part 
of my overall working capital cycle. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from the line-up. Yash Dave from Unique Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Dave: 
Okay, so I had a couple of questions. The first is we recently announced that we powered the 
NCMC prepaid Rupay cards for Banks Bangalore Metro and implemented the automated fare 
collection system for Kochi Water Metro. Are there any similar projects in the pipeline for the 
coming year? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, yes, these two are very very pioneered contracts that we have won over a period of time . 
So, like in case of Kochi, we are running full Kochi contracts with us for the last six years. So, 
like Kochi Metro is also powered by us. The Kochi Water Metro is an extension of that Kochi 
Metro only with us. So, now it's Kochi Water Metro and there is a possibility that another 
Kochi Phase 2 is also already announced and we are in the process of going ahead with that 
also. 
So, there is again a possibility of more like this contract coming specifically on Kochi Metro. 
Bangalore Metro also we have seen the first phase of going live and there is another two, three 
more phases which is expected to get rolled over in the next two, three years. So, definitely we 
see a good pipeline of such contracts with us. There is another contract that we have like we 
also not only running Bangalore and Kochi, we are also running Punjab Bus Metro, bus road 
transport system also. 
So, those are also one of couple of contracts that we have and there are more of the pipeline 
and the best part is what is happening is that even the existing metros where these are. So, 
basically our expertise lies in payment just. So, we help the bank or sorry these transport 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
companies to integrate their payment to make the convenience to the consumer seamless, the 
transportation becomes seamless, the gate opening becomes seamless. 
So, even though the old metros or existing metros which are running with their old payment 
systems are also in the process of upgrading their systems. So, I think as a market we see a 
huge opportunity, but I think our thought process is to go along with partners like banks where 
we know the banks also have expertise and the hardware and infrastructure with them in the 
past, oh sorry with them and we bring in our expertise of the payment processing systems and 
everything and this will continue, but yes from a business side we see a good opportunity 
coming in, but yes we like to go asset light business in these kind of businesses where we are 
only acting as a service provider and taking our pie of shares. 
Yash Dave: 
Okay sir, one more I wanted to ask that presentation mentions cost rationalization measures for 
more streamlined operations to drive operating leverage. Just wanted to understand what were 
these measures and if you could quantify the savings as a result of that for this year and going 
forward. 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, yes if you see our results for FY ‘23 on a year-on-year basis you will find though that we 
have taken certain provisions which was exceptionally high as compared to previous years 
also. So, if we adjust those provisions our profitability of the company from operating metrics 
level has been consistently strong also. So, having said that, what we have done is that like we 
have our presentation also cover is that and Ravi's presentation also covers that. 
There are certain businesses on certain operations like product sales and everything where we 
see the margins and the other working capital deployment is quite heavy. We have been 
scaling it down. One of the questions raised by the madam also is that though we see a 
reduction in SecureValue ATMs or reduction in van utilization, but still we see a profitability 
of these businesses growing. 
So, these are the all the measures that we have seen and this is what the reflecting in our 
financials also if you see our consolidated financials on year-on-year basis you will see the my 
employment cost which used to be 2,660 million in FY ‘22 has come down to 2,400 million. 
So, approximately INR26 crores has come down from that perspective. Similarly, other factors 
like third party cost, other cost has also come down. 
So, those are the savings and I think with more and more rationalization, with more and more I 
would say focused businesses that we want to grow further in the markets and has to scale 
down whatever we agreed I think this rationalization will continue and will help us to generate 
more operating leverages. 
Yash Dave: 
Okay sir, one last question on debt. The company's consolidated net debt as on 31st March is 
INR 6,769 million. What are the plans with respect to reducing these debt levels and how 
much can we expect to repay in the coming year from internal approvals especially since we 
are moving more towards asset-led operation? 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, that is what we are doing is that right now the debt level of the company to compare either 
from the December quarter or other quarter we have been repaying the debt to some extent 
depending on the basis the current repayment schedule and everything. The current EBITDA 
level of the company which if you say adjusted a bit of a last year which was around INR490 
crores I think we have a sufficient cash flow generation and happening internally on that side. 
From a current perspective, the current business perspective, the current order book with 
perspective and this deployment of non-cash capex heavy ATMs I think we are good to 
continue with the repayment and may not leverage further ourselves. But if you see 
opportunity coming in future which asks for more capital to be deployed in the business 
because accrual will take its own time to get realized, we may leverage, we may take a 
leverage for some extent but I think from a current situation perspective, current level 
perspective with the current business in hand, I think we will keep on repaying every quarter 
on quarter and we will see a debt reduction happening over a period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello, good afternoon, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on 
the great set of results. Sir, I just wanted to ask, as you mentioned, our revenue guidance we 
may not have because of product cost changes but in terms of our margins, the two factors that, 
the factors that hit us most are maybe provisions and due to our streamlining, those may not 
reoccur or what could be the lag maybe in the next year in terms of our provisioning and what 
kind of operating profit that we might see maybe next year. Could you help quantify that? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, Darshan, thank you. Just to, as you rightly said, definitely as a company has come out with 
a roadmap for FY ‘24 where we are focusing more on the servicing business, recurring 
businesses and try to get into more of a flight model so that the deployment of capital get more 
and more returns for all of us together and we scale down certain product businesses where we 
see the margins are not that great but having said that, certain provisions will always be part of 
the business and I think that whenever we do a planning for FY ‘24 when we sit with the 
business, those factors are always considered. 
These are some of the, I would say, outliers which were spending for some point of time, 
which we are trying to reconcile. We were all, we are still discussing with the banks and 
everything but I think with the prudence and other accounting principles, I think as a 
management and as when we went to the board also, I think it was advised that let's take the 
provision and whenever there is an option for us to get those credits, those will automatically 
be reflective in the balance sheet. 
So, I think, as I said, the past may not be a reflection of the future but yes, there will be certain 
provisions which will continue and I am sure those provisions are adequately taken into 
account with the consistent margins that we are generating in the last three, four quarters or 
quarter-on-quarter which is around 27%, 26%, 28%. So, I think those are inbuilt into those 
numbers. So, that is one. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Second, I think, from a business perspective, I think, there is, as we said, almost 93% of the 
business is a recurring revenue business for us which gives us a good, strong, I think, starting 
point for every one of us including us and our business also that this is how they have to 
perform and this is what the delta is. So, keeping that in mind, I think, FY ‘24 looks to be good 
for us also and we have two orders which are getting executed, as we said, the PNB and UBI 
which is going to give us additional revenues. Market is also expanding and Ravi has also 
covered various initiatives by government, digital banking units, new CRM deployment, 
cassette-swap implementations. 
These are two, three big initiatives from the regulators also which gives us a strong belief that 
those contracts as required by banks to get deployed, we will all definitely get certain 
percentage of share being one of the large player in the market also. So, I think, those lines will 
definitely give us the confidence that the future definitely is very, very bright for us and we 
being a strong player, we will definitely get a pie of those revenue numbers. 
It will be difficult for me to give you exact number but I think, from various initiatives, as I 
just said, is already there, various regulatory requirements which are already there. I think, the 
possibility and the probability of getting those new contracts is quite strong as compared to the 
other business lines that we have. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, sir. So, our new contract that you are saying of 8,000 ATMs, so how much of that 
revenue would have come in this and what kind of additional revenue will that give us in FY 
‘24? Because I think, we said only 2,000 we have been able to go. So, we will have a good 
enough new increase also. So, how much that would help us, that would be my question and 
another, what kind of risk that we may foresee that might impact our next year, if there would 
be any? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, approximately, these 8,000 ATMs approximately will give us around, I would say, INR 
7,000 to INR 10,000 revenue per ATM on per month basis, which is the average revenue that 
we are going to expect on these ATMs now. That is how the full-blown ATM and I think, as 
per the business and other updates that we have, we are targeting that by H1, we should be able 
to keep, deploy this full, full 8,000 ATMs and take the benefit from the H2 onwards on the 
full-blown basis. 
So, that is one additional revenue plus other opportunities, as I said, cassetteswap and 
everything is a part of the internal strategies which business is building up and planning up and 
loading it out that how they want to shape this year, next year onwards. And the second point 
which you said with respect to? 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
The risk that we might foresee or something that can be a hindrance on our part to do it. 
Saurabh Lal: 
From a business perspective, I think the risk, there are definitely macro-level risks that which 
always be there because of a regulator being involved in this kind of businesses, the kind of 
directions it gives to the banks and in turn, those directions come to us. And certain businesses 
that we have like ATM outsourcing or maybe a cash business, it has an inherent risk of cash, 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
which is always part of it. But having said that, our cash is always fully secured from the 
insurance perspective at all levels, right from the point it comes out of the bank's vaults and it 
still goes to the ATM and still it gets dispensed to the customer. Every part and every segment 
of the cash is secured. 
Other part of businesses that we have is a digital business which is again, I would say, it's 
regulated to some extent and there are various directions which come from the regulators and 
from various bodies with respect to the interest rates. So those are the inherent risks. But 
otherwise, from a positioning perspective, Darshil, I think we believe that we have been, we 
are present across all the value chain, across all the payment, be it the cash and digital. And we 
command a very, very leadership position in all the businesses that we have, be it the ATM 
outsourcing, CRM outsourcing, cash management, and even digital powers where we are one 
of the largest deployer of powers for all the OMCs in the country. So I think from that 
perspective, I think we are positioned quite good. 
Risk, as I said, are part of the businesses, definitely our business is taking absolute cognizance 
of that and then taking the right calls and taking the right contracts. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay, so this is...  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr. Jhaveri. Please come back in the question queue. Thank you. We 
take the next question from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Damani from SKD Consulting. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Namaskar. Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Actually, I would put it simply this way because I 
mean, we understand your business to be managing ATMs, giving ATMs on rent or a lot of 
allied activities. It is still not comprehensively clear to my mind, how we totally give other 
services other than cash handling and supplying some security staff, etcetera. I'm not very well 
aware. 
But my question is that from the time of IPO to this situation, what has gone substantially 
wrong that our share prices have come down so much? So if you can elaborate, you know, 
anything negative that has happened or something beyond control of the management that has 
happened. And I'm thankful that you have really clarified about the future in so many ways 
that we are going to improve only from here. But if you can elaborate so that we can 
understand, you know, what has gone wrong? So kindly, if you feel like appropriate, please 
reply. 
Saurabh Lal: 
Thank you, sir. I think, sir, as a management, whether it's Ravi, it's me or Stanley or the full 
team of AGS, we are absolutely responsible for delivering the right numbers, right business 
and everything. It will be very difficult for any of us and it will not be right on our part to 
comment anything that's happening in the market and everything by the price is there. But I 
think what we have seen is that we have built this business from scratch. Ravi is the first-
generation entrepreneur. He's built this company from scratch. And today, this is where we are, 
sir. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
From a business perspective, the contracts that we have with us, whether it's an ATM 
outsourcing business, which definitely whenever we get time, we'll definitely like to host you 
in our office and we'll definitely give you full explanations that how does this ATM operations 
actually work. It definitely from a consumer perspective, it's just the cash that needs to be 
dispensed. But there's a whole lot of machinery that works at the background to ensure that the 
consumer gets the right quality, right quantity of note and everything is there available uptime 
and everything is available. 
Whenever you, me or anybody went to the ATM, the ATM has to dispense that currency. 
That's the only objective of our business. But yes, there's a complete chain of people who work 
around the clock to ensure that this happens seamlessly and effortlessly for a consumer. 
So, sir, from a business perspective, I think the contracts that we have, the businesses that we 
have, they are very, very strong with us. We've worked with almost all the banks and largest of 
the banks in the country. Similarly, we have a subsidiary, Securevalue, which is a whole new 
subsidiary. Cash Management is also now second largest cash operator in the market which 
handles the cash handling on behalf of ATMs and other businesses. 
On the digital side also, sir, we have a very, very strong footprint in specifically of providing 
this acquiring businesses to the OMC market, which is oil marketing companies. So I think 
from a business perspective, I think we've been, we believe that we've been trying to do right 
things. And that is how we are trying to build the roadmap for FY ‘24 by scaling down heavy 
businesses like, heavy working capital, heavy or less margin and put more focus on high 
margin businesses and to get good return on the capital for everyone who is involved in this 
company. 
So this is what we are controlling. This is what we are targeting to do that. I think what 
provisioning and other things which we have done over a period of time is what I said also is 
not the reflection of our past and the future. Those are the reconciliations which is happening 
with the company, with the bank, and then all the processes are largely streamlined. We are, I 
don't think, it's zero, but we have seen the possibilities of those things happening is quite 
remote. 
So from a future perspective, the only good thing for us is that or the best thing for our kind of 
business is that we have a recurring revenue, which will help anybody, either you, my, me or 
Ravi or business to build the base case scenario and then keep on building the future 
opportunities like I said, cassette swap opportunities is there, CRM opportunities is there, 
MHA opportunities is there, digital banking unit opportunities is there, various initiatives by 
regulators to promote digital payments like, madam asked, UPI interchange, credit card 
interchange on RuPay cards and all those sectors are definitely a good reflection and we as a 
company, under the guidance of Ravi, believe that the segment in which we are targeting are 
the right segment and they will continue to prosper and grow in future. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you very much, sir. One more thing I want to clarify that apart from volume growth in 
this new year, are you also going to get a price rise for the services rendered to various banks 
and others? 
Saurabh Lal: 
Sir, in most of the contracts, which whenever it goes under hammer, whether it's a PSU based 
contract or in case there are private sector bank contract when it goes for a bilateral renewal, 
we have seen certain percentage of increase in the revenue, increase in the rate for that 
purpose. Otherwise, our contracts are largely fixed for a long-term basis. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
I appreciate but the costs are rising, sir. For everything, we have to pay more every year, I 
think, salary, staff, etcetera. 
Saurabh Lal: 
This is where operating leverage has to kick in and scale helps us to mitigate those factors 
which has to be built in, which are part of the business. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
So, can we take it this way that it's a very competitive business where we cannot bid higher to 
get a higher price from our customers? 
Stanley Johnson: 
So, what happens across what is in -- So, sir, most of the contracts which comes in, we factor 
in some part of the cost price when we bid across. But there are services which comes across 
as additional, which then is, we bill them extra across, which is not part of contract. So, all 
these guidelines of mandatory guidelines which comes across throughout the year as 
upgradation and all is separately billed on to the customer. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much. I have taken enough time. Thank you very much and wish 
you all the best for the future. Thank you very much, sir. 
Stanley Johnson:  
So very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, can you please share the bifurcation of digital 
revenue in POS and toll transit for the last quarter and the last year? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, Aditya, on an overall basis, the digital revenue for financial year 2023 is around INR280 
crores or INR2,800 million. Out of this, digital revenue of the POS is approximately around, I 
may not have a right exact number, it's in the range of INR196 crores to INR200 crores 
approximately. And the balance of the revenue comes from other businesses, which is transit 
businesses and switching businesses around INR75 crores to INR80 crores. So this is on the 
year-end basis. On quarter-on-quarter basis, FY ’23 quarter 4, which is, we have total digital 
revenue of around INR72 crores to INR73 crores. INR52 crores to INR55 crores has come 
from the digital POS. And around INR20 crores to INR22 crores has come from other transit 
solutions and switching solutions. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, thanks for this. This is great. And there's one more, what will be the, any, any 
approximate guidance as to what would be the ATM addition in FY ‘24? Like, for first half, 
we know 6,000 will be done and for the second half? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, Aditya, as I said, we have two ready contracts with us. We believe, and I think this is 
what's happening in the market also, that even the customers, which are banks and financial 
institutions with whom we are dealing, they are also expanding very rapidly their network of 
branches and their network of retail footprint and everything. So with the help of the strategy 
which banks are also working with, they're expanding their retail networks, they're expanding 
their branch, we are confident that we'll definitely get a pie of our share of additional ATMs 
that are required to either support the branch network on an on-site branch or additional ATM 
to support their retail footprint. 
So that is one opportunity which we see from the bank side coming up to us. I may not be able 
to put the right number, but I think the opportunity is big for all of us, including us and other 
players in the similar business. Second, if you see, there is a specific regulator guideline, which 
has come from the DBU, Digital Banking Unit, which calls for deploying the digital branches 
or creating more and more digital branches. 75 DBU has been inaugurated last year and what 
we hear from the market is that the regulator is trying to push more and more digital branches 
this year. 
So that digital branch itself is nothing but the deployment of more and more machines over 
there like CRM, ATM, cheque deposit machines, passbook printing, and those can be managed 
by outsourced players like us. So those are the two big opportunities, which will help us to get 
good possibility of or I would say, good predictability of the numbers going forward on ATM 
outsourcing. As I said, the ATM outsourcing will grow automatically. It has a direct or a 
complement services that, will come to securevalue, in the form of servicing the cash of those 
ATMs. 
So those are the two things, which will go hand-in-hand together and which will help us, AGS, 
to have a strong pipeline of revenues for the future also, other than the 8,000 ATMs that, we 
have in our portfolio. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, sir, understood. And if I can ask a last question, what is the proportion of fixed 
realization and transaction-based realization for the ATMs? Thank you. 
Saurabh Lal: 
So approximately, in case, this is not the correct number, I will definitely come back and 
correct you, but it's around 35% to 40% of the revenue is on the fixed fee-based side and 
around 65% of revenue comes from a transaction fee-based contract on an ATM outsourcing 
business. 
Aditya Sen: 
 
Okay, sir, thank you. That was my question. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take a next question from the line of Hena from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Hena: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. One of my questions was on, what you would expect 
from banks in terms of BLA, RFPs. I guess you've answered that. Secondly, what I just want 
to clarify was, you said, you will be focusing on more working capital light businesses. So 
would that mean that, while taking on BLA bids, you would probably take a lower position in 
the bid? 
Saurabh Lal: 
No, what we said is that in case of product businesses, the working capital cycle is longer than 
our service-based businesses because it has various milestones and various retention-based 
components. So, as we go down the path, which we have more of our service-based 
businesses, it will help us to reduce the working capital gap, which has resulted over a period 
of time, specifically on the product side of businesses. 
Hena: 
Sure. So, if it's more specific to the product business and the BLA business, that you would bid 
for as you do normally? 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
Correct. 
Hena: 
 
 
Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. If you could clarify in terms of the RFPs for the new 
ATMs, what is the quantum, what are the timelines? Are you seeing the banks delaying this, 
awarding these contracts? If you could help us understand that. 
Stanley Johnson: 
So, if you look at private sector banks, they have a fixed rollout with their plan across and they 
go on quarter-on-quarter. The number of branches they open across is determined at the start 
of the year and corresponding off-sites, in accordance to the number of branches are 
determined. While it's a little bit slow in case of a public sector bank, because that goes 
throughout the year across. So, private sector bank in a way is predictable and it is the figures 
of the number of branches and the number of off-sites, which are to be deployed is already 
known at the start of the year across.  
While in case of public sector banks, yes, depending on various queries and the way, the RFP 
is designed, it takes a little longer. So, if you look at it, there are RFPs, which are out from 
Bank of Baroda for 4,000 new BLAs, State Bank is coming across, PNB is coming across. So 
this year, already there are two RFPs in addition to what, we have won in likes of PNB and 
UBI, there is Bank of Baroda's RFP, which is at present, in process, PNB and two other RFPs 
are in queue for the quarter 1, lined across. 
So this year, we are seeing that RFPs are already in process, in quarter 1. While in the last 
year, it only came in quarter 3 across. 
Ravi Goyal: 
Also, just to add, what we are seeing is, there is a lot of physical branches being rolled out 
although the digital payments have been growing, but we continuously see the expansion of 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
the physical branches by major private sector banks like HDFC has already announced that, 
they will double in three years, their branch network, similar is with the lot of other private 
sector banks. So, we continuously see the growth of the physical branches and that obviously 
means that, there will be a growth of self-service equipment, ATMs, CRMs and Kiosks and 
also we see good expansion in DBU, that is digital banking units in the coming years. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. The second question I had, was with respect to the compliance level, for the route 
and the cassette swap. Can you help us understand, as of March, what is your sense about the 
industry's compliance for the MHA and the cassette swap? 
Stanley Johnson: 
So on the MHA, all vendors have complied as of 31st March for all routes across. In case of 
cassette swap, the industry is somewhere around 10% to 15%, but there is active talks going on 
between IBA, RBI and the banks to complete it in phases. So June is one of the phase, where 
around 1/4 of the ATMs are committed that, it could happen across. So that is still under 
discussion, but probably throughout the year, we feel that the whole cassette swap would be 
under regulation. 
Achal Lohade: 
By end of this year, you mean? 
Saurabh Lal: 
Yes. 
Achal Lohade: 
And how does it impact us? Is it margin accretive; is it margin dilutive and what is the 
incremental realization? 
Saurabh Lal: 
So, as we also covered that, whenever there is an additional scope of services, which is being 
requested by the regulator or maybe a bank, it has an additional component of revenue for us. 
So on a cassette swap basis specifically, there is a rate, which has been agreed between the 
banks and the MSPs and the cash-management companies also. So, the incremental revenue 
that, everyone is expecting or we are expecting is a rate of around approximately INR5,000 to 
INR5,500 per ATM per month basis that, we will get incremental revenue to us also. 
So, this is a rate which has already been discussed and negotiated between various banks 
depending on their size, scale, operations, first ATM, second ATM and everything. So this is 
what we are expecting. As Stanley, has covered that approximately 15% of the industry is 
already covered. In our case, it will be slightly higher because since we deal with more of the 
private sector banks, they are more faster in deploying those services. 
So, in our case, approximately around 20%-22% of the revenue is covered under cassette swap 
and everything plus and we are expecting, it will be grow faster for other private sector banks 
also as when, they require. So, on a unit economics basis, it is a good proposition for deploying 
more and more cassette swap and not only from unit economics, but from the compliance 
perspective also and from the risk perspective also, it is definitely a very-very strong and good 
move from all sides. It will definitely help to reduce reconciliation and reduce loss of cash and 
everything and other. I would say, global best practices will become part of this system. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. Sir, pardon me if I am harping on this. If I look at last four quarters run rate in our 
payment solutions business, it is pretty much in INR335 crores- INR340 crores number. Now 
on one hand, if we are seeing the compliance is increasing, which is driving the realization 
higher, how do we reconcile this flattish revenues, for last four quarters? Ideally, we should 
have seen fair amount of growth there. 
Saurabh Lal: 
So definitely the other way around is that we can share more granular information on various 
revenue streams that, we have on those outsourcing. So as I said, we have MS contract, we 
have outsourcing contract, we have cassette swap revenues. So there are certain lines of 
revenue, which gives you the visibility that, okay, this number is growing. Certain lines of 
revenue, which we will see is getting reduced over a period of time like, there is one of the 
contract of one of the PSUs that, we have with us, it is already due under renewal stage. So, 
some of the ATMs are starting moving out of the portfolios that is one of the reasons. But at 
the same time, we are getting additional revenues in the form of like cassette swap, we got new 
revenue, we got this PNB new contract, so automatically, some percentage of revenue got 
added into this. 
So from that perspective, we can share certain more details with you, with respect to that, what 
has gone inside this number, that how this has moved in various buckets of full capex ATM, 
non-capex ATM. So from that perspective, you will see, there is a number growing but yes, 
from our next quarter basis, we are confident that, we are able to see the incremental growth 
happening on that base number also because of these two new contracts that, we have in our 
portfolio. 
And as both Ravi and Stanley has also covered, the deployment of new ATMs and new CRMs 
is definitely going to add more revenue. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood, this is very helpful sir. Just one last question, if I may with respect to capex for 
FY ‘24 and ‘25. 
Saurabh Lal: 
Capex will definitely be there with respect to the new deployment, we have but number will 
be, it will be difficult to give me the exact number but yes, we can estimate that, this number 
will be in a similar range like, we have the last year. 
Achal Lohade: 
 
Got it sir, thank you and wish you all the best. 
Saurabh Lal: 
 
Thank you. Also to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you sir. 
 Ravi Goyal: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today on our Q4 and FY ‘23 Earnings Call. We appreciate 
your interest in AGS Transact Technologies Limited. If you have any further queries, please 
contact SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. Thank you. 

 
 
AGS Transact Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Thank you gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of AGS Transact Technologies Limited. That concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
