 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 16, 2023 
 
The Corporate Service  
Department                         
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001              
 
The Listing Department                                          
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400 051                                                   
 
 
Sirs, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Conference Call – Quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated July 25, 2023 regarding intimation of earnings conference call, the 
transcript of Q1FY2024 earning conference call held on August 10, 2023 is enclosed and has also 
been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://tdps.co.in/investor-financialresults.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bharat Rajwani 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TD Power Systems Limited 
(CIN -L31103KA1999PLC025071) 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE & FACTORY:  
27, 28 and 29, KIADB Industrial Area  
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk  
Bengaluru Rural District 
Bengaluru – 562 111 India 
 
Tel     +91 80 229 95700 / 6633 7700 
Fax    +91 80 7734439 / 2299 5718 
Mail     tdps@tdps.co.in 
 
www.tdps.co.in 
BHARAT 
RAJWAN
I
Digitally signed 
by BHARAT 
RAJWANI 
Date: 2023.08.16 
16:42:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“TD Power Systems Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 10th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIKHIL KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR –  
 
TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MS. M N VARALAKSHMI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. VINAY HEGDE – HEAD-GLOBAL SALES AND 
MARKETING – TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
SGA – TD POWER SYSTEMS LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TD Power Systems Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the belief, opinion, and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risk and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Now I hand over the conference to Mr. Nikhil Kumar, Managing Director for TD Power 
Systems. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Good morning, everybody and thank you once aga0069n for joining us on our earnings call. I 
trust all of you would have received our results and investor presentation. Moving on to the 
financial performance of the company for the quarter ended 30th June 2023. Standalone: our 
total income on a standalone basis for Q1 was INR2.36 billion versus INR2.06 billion over the 
same period in the previous year, an increase of 15%. 
Profit after tax and comprehensive income for the quarter reached INR291 million versus profit 
of INR194 million same period previous year, an increase of 50%. Order book of the 
manufacturing segment is INR13.86 billion, which is INR6.2 billion generator business and 
motor business and INR7.45 billion railway business. 
 
The projects business has been now classified as spares and aftermarket since we don't do any 
projects business anymore and the pending order in this segment is INR0.16 billion and we had 
INR0.09 billion on the Turkey business. The order inflow has increased by 16% over last year 
and the numbers are as follows. Current year the total order inflow in the first quarter is INR2.37 
billion and the previous year was INR2.04 billion. 
Order inflow from... 
Moderator: 
We have the line of Mr. Nikhil Kumar connected. Sir, please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Okay. I will start from profit after tax. Profit after tax and comprehensive income for the quarter 
was INR291 million versus a profit of INR194 million same period previous year, increase of 
50%. The order book in the manufacturing segment is INR13.86 billion, INR6.2 billion in the 
regular manufacturing business and INR7.45 billion in the railway business. The projects group 
has now been classified as spares and aftermarket since we don't do any project business 
anymore and the pending order is now INR0.16 billion. Turkey is INR0.09 billion. 
Order inflow has increased by 16% over last year and the numbers as follows: INR2.37 billion 
for this year in Q1 versus INR2.04 billion in previous year, Q1. Order inflow from direct and 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
deemed exports is INR0.87 billion compared to INR1.09 billion previous year. Order inflow in 
Q2 continues to be strong with INR100 crores booked in July 2023 alone. 
 
Consol: our total income on a consol basis was INR2.24 billion versus INR2.11 billion same 
period previous year which is up 6%. Profit after tax and comprehensive income for the first 
quarter was INR261 million versus a profit of INR204 million, an increase of 28%. We continue 
to maintain a strong cash position of INR2.13 billion.  
                                                Order book market situation and guidance. 
Market conditions and guidance overall, order book was up by 16%, as mentioned earlier. The 
domestic order inflow is higher by 58% due to motor orders and some large orders for generators 
from steel and agro in the domestic segment. Although export and deemed export was lower 
than Q1 last year, this was due to some big orders have gone to negotiation in Q1. We are pleased 
to announce that we have won those orders in export and we catch up with the expected ratio of 
55% export and 45% domestic by the end of Q2 or even perhaps in Q3. 
 
Let me now talk briefly about each segment. Steam turbine, we've seen substantial increase of 
orders from both domestic and export in Q2. In particular, the domestic market continues to be 
very strong and the order pipeline continues to be very healthy. Here we list some notable orders, 
which we won in Q1. 
We received an order from JAP, Japan for a 22.3-megawatt machine for waste to energy project 
for installation in  Japan. This will be the biggest generator that we're going to be supplying to 
Japan for installation in Japan. We received an order for 2 units of 48 megawatt and 3 units of 
37 megawatts from major steam turbine customer in India for HRRL, which is a joint venture 
between Hindustan Petroleum and the Government of Rajasthan for a refinery project. We 
received an order from Siemens U.S.A. for 2 units of 46.35 megawatts for installation in Tijuana, 
South America. And with this, it will increase our global footprint to 105 countries. 
 
Next important order, we've received an order for 1 unit of 10 megawatt suitable for a hazardous 
location Zone 2 from Elliott, U.S.A. for a refinery project in India and this will be our first 
installation in India for a hazardous location in refineries. Gas turbine, we would like to 
announce an agreement signed with a major international gas turbine manufacturer for making 
45-megawatt coal generators. 
We have an order to make the first prototype to be delivered end of calendar '24 or early '25. 
This has the business potential of about INR100 crores per year. This business will start in 
calendar '25. However, until then we have a strong inquiry pipeline from our existing gas turbine 
customers. We are also happy to report another breakthrough order for 18.7-megawatt generator 
using CO2 for power generation from an Italian OEM. This is a start-up funded by Eni, which 
is a large Italian company and a few sovereign wealth funds of the Middle East. 
 
It acts as a battery storage during periods of excess power generation and discharges the power 
during peak demand. Once proven, we expect to have a number of these plants in the European 
Union. We are proud to inform you that the prototype plant is with a TDPS generator. Hydro: 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
the order pipeline is very strong in hydro. This year we're going to be almost double last year 
and next year we expect further growth. 
The incoming inquiries are very strong in EU, Nepal, and Southeast Asia. The Indian market for 
hydro is also picking up and we're expecting strong quarters ahead for TDPS in the hydro 
segment. Gas engines, we'd like to report that this segment is going as per plan with steady 
growth as per the forecast.  
Motors: We have dispatched the first 40-megawatt synchronous to a customer in Andhra 
Pradesh. Now there are about INR75 crores worth of synchronous packages, which will be 
finalized this quarter. Barring delays, we should get a significant portion of this business since 
we are well placed in price.  
Railways: Our major customer has won the Train 18 aluminium frame for 100 trains. These 
require about INR275 crores worth of motors. Our customer will float the inquiries around 
October this year and it should get finalized by the end of Q3 or early Q4. 
However, there is competition in this segment for 1 more player and TDPS must compete to get 
these orders. In addition, we expect to get around 60 motors direct from the Indian Railways for 
execution this year. We will keep the market updated about this pipeline. To summarize, all 
segments are doing well. Our order inflow is moving up strongly. There's a full pipeline. As 
mentioned earlier July was INR100 crores and the inflows for the current month and the future 
months are showing very, very healthy momentum. 
 
This order inflow will ensure that FY '23 will go as per the guidance and FY '24 will also be 
solid and will lead to further expansion of margins due to operational leverage.  
                                                Guidance: For Q2, we're giving the top line guidance of INR255 crores to INR265 crores for 
the manufacturing business. 
With this top line, we expect the PAT to increase significantly in Q2 compared to Q1 due to operational leverage. At the end 
of H1, we will be around 47% of the guidance for FY '23. We are on target with respect to our guidance for the current year 
of around INR1,000 crores as indicated in our previous earnings call on top line as well as margins. 
 
This brings me to the end of my initial remarks. I'll now be happy to address any queries that 
you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Capital. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
I would first like to appreciate that we have started giving quarterly balance sheet in the 
presentation and that's a good practice. One observation is that this quarter our revenue was 
lower than Q4 FY '23, but our receivables are flat. It means that almost INR40 crores of previous 
quarter revenue is still pending to be collected. What can we do to improve our receivable cycle? 
So that was the first question. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Varalakshmi, will you take this question, please? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ms. Varalashmi's line got disconnected. We'll reconnect her. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Can I proceed with the second question then? See, the Top 3 customers of ours contribute nearly 
40% of revenue. One of it is railways and the other 2 would be for what segment? And generally 
the Top 3 remain same every year or they change every year? And what type of long-term 
agreements we have with them? For the railway, we understand that you have an order book 
with your customer. For rest of the other 2, what type of agreements do you have with them? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, we don't have a long-term agreement with the other 2, but rather extremely long-term 
relationship with the other 2. So the long-term relationship goes back all the way to 2001 when 
we started our company and also both our customers started producing steam turbines in a bigger 
way in India going up in sizes and increasing the market share. 
So our relationship with both these customers goes back all the way then and we have grown 
with them and we have built up big references in India and outside India with them. So there is 
a deep relationship between our company and these 2 customer companies and we continue to 
maintain these relationships. So I think that this is how I'd like to answer the question. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And the Top 3 remain the same only what they are because they were? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, yes. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And can you give an idea of how is the pricing environment and any improvement there 
related to it? The gross margins have improved quite materially in the quarter and the number 
of units we sold were less in the quarter. Was there some one-off… 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's a mix. No, it's not a one-off. I'd say that we have been talking about the small expansion 
taking place in the gross margin so this is mainly due to the mix. We're doing more spare parts 
business; we're doing more aftermarket business. We have been talking about increasing this 
part of the segment of our business and this is leading to expansion of gross contribution. There 
is no price increases taking place in the market at the moment. 
The environment for the raw material is quite stable and there is no reason why we should go 
into the market and demand price increases. So what we're seeing in terms of gross contribution 
is coming from the mix, we think more aftermarket business and the expansion in EBITDA 
margin taking place due to the expansion in gross contribution as well as operational leverage, 
which we will now see happening in a bigger way in Q2. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Sir, historically, we have stated around 32% of gross margin, 31%, 32%. Can it be now 35% or 
34% new normal? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I think 35% is a stretch. So we are around -- I think 33%, 34% should be I think the new 
normal. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And just the repetition, is Varalakshmi there, that receivable question. That's all from my side, 
sir. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
I'm there. So there has been a spillover of the collections to July. That's the reason why you see 
that the debtor's position continues to be the same. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
See what I see is almost INR40 crores of previous quarter's revenue, which is March ending, has 
not been collected till June end? So more than 90 days. Is this a regular feature or this year only? 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
No, no. The collections have happened in July. It was in early July it happened. And sometimes 
there are spillovers, but this is not the regular trend. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It actually relates to a large LC payment which had a credit period and therefore, it's fallen due 
in the month of July and we collected that money. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashwani Sharma from ICICI Securities. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
My first question is on the top line. If I look at top line growth, it was just 8% during the quarter. 
So you're saying that our top line growth was just a single-digit 8% growth. Is there an execution 
challenge that we are facing despite the fact that we have a good order backlog? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, I think you should go back to my previous earnings call statement where I have clearly 
mentioned that Q1 is going to be INR215 crores and it is INR215 crores as what I have told you 
earlier on a stand-alone basis. For the manufacturing business, I mentioned that we have a large 
number of big machines which have been produced in Q1 which are going to be billed in Q2. 
And therefore, this is the reason why we're seeing unequal sales taking place in Q1 and Q2. It's 
quite normal when you have large projects that you could have larger billing taking place in the 
subsequent quarter. I highlighted this in the last earnings call because I knew this was going to 
happen and I expect that the investors are well informed about this. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the motor side. I mean just want a clarification. You 
mentioned about INR275 crore of opportunity for 100 range. Is that the right what I heard? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I said INR75 crores. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
You said INR75 crores? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I said our major railway customer has won the Train 18 aluminium frame Train 18 order for 100 
trains. These require around INR275 crores worth of motors. Our customers will float the inquiry 
in October this year and it should get finalized by the end of Q3 or early Q4. This is what I 
mentioned. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
So in terms of value, I mean what kind of opportunity do you see here, sir? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The value is INR275 crores, we should get a -- I mean I think either they will split 50-50 or 
somebody could get 60-40. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Okay. And my last question is on the margin. If I look at last 3, 4 years, there was consistent 
margin improvement which has happened. Where do you think -- I mean is there a further scope 
for this to improve going ahead? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So I had mentioned earlier to Upadhyay who had asked me this question little bit earlier that the 
margin expansion now will take place mainly from operational leverage and not so much from 
expansion of gross contribution. Gross contribution could be remaining at 33%, 34%, which is 
the new normal compared to 31%, 32% that we had earlier. 
Now we are not in a position. The market is not conducive for price increases and we also don't 
intend to increase prices because we want to remain competitive and we want to keep our 
volumes with our existing customers. So the expansion of the margin will take this clearly from 
operational leverage and as we do around INR250 crores, INR260 crores per quarter compared 
to what we did this last quarter at INR250 crores, INR220 crores; then we will see -- 
correspondingly, you can see the expansion of the EBITDA margin taking place because of that 
and it will be quite significant. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohit from ithoughtPMS. 
Rohit: 
Congratulations on a steady quarter. So Nikhil, sorry, I think I missed some part of your opening 
statement so please bear with me. I just wanted 2 things from you. In terms of the new addition 
you mentioned about a gas engine customer that we've added, can you talk a bit about that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
This is a gas turbine generator, which is being used in a CO2 storage power generation plant. So 
basically what they do is they take CO2, they cool it and they keep under pressure using power 
when the power prices are cheap and low and acts like a battery storage and during peak demand, 
that CO2 will then release into a turbine and drive the turbine to produce electricity.  
And then the cycle is repeated once again and it's a closed cycle so it's a very efficient cycle. 
And it's a new concept, which is being tried out by this company and it's based in Italy. They 
have very good funding and very good prospects for the future and we are very proud to say that 
our generator is -- the first prototype plant and this is a TDPS generator. 
Rohit: 
All right. Very good to hear that. Also again I think you mentioned this in the opening remarks, 
I'm sorry. So this railway orders so you mentioned that this T18 train sets so we are going to 
participate in? Because you're mostly on the freight side so are we also going to participate on 
the passenger side? Is that correct? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Rohit: 
Okay. So that's what you were mentioning INR275 crores worth of orders would be there and 
you would participate depending on how much we win, 50 or 60, 40, whatever. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We don't know, we could get 0 or we could get 50, we could get 60. But we have to compete, 
yes. 
Rohit: 
And if you win, when will this start coming to you in terms of delivery? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It will start from FY '25. 
Rohit: 
Got it. And the first one, the gas turbine orders. You mentioned that will be from calendar year 
'25 and it will be an annual INR100 crore kind of opportunity? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
That's the first prototype plant that will be delivered this financial year. Then the plant has to be 
proven, but it could end up being 15, 20 plants per year in the future. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Praveen Motwani from BOI Mutual Fund. 
Praveen Motwani: 
So my first question is what explains this decline in order inflow in the exports front in Q1 FY 
'24? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I have actually given explanation for that. I have said that we had some big orders which were 
under negotiation in Q1 and we are pleased to announce that we have won these orders in export 
and we will catch up with the expected ratio of 55% export and 45% domestic by the end of Q2. 
I've already mentioned this. This is the reason. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Okay. Understood. And how margins are different in domestic and exports like what is the 
spread? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Exports are slightly better than domestic. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Is there any number that you can share? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It depends. Yes, I can say it could be 100 basis points or 200 basis points better. 
Praveen Motwani: 
Okay. Understood. And how is the inquiry pipeline in the hydro front in the domestic market? 
Because there are a couple of players announcing projects in the hydro. So if you can just give 
us some sense, when can we see those orders coming in? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay, can you answer this question, please? 
Vinay Hegde: 
Yes. So definitely the hydro market in the domestic segment has opened up and we also received 
in the first quarter a couple of orders and we are also expecting some good order inflow in the 
second quarter as well. And definitely now I think this trend is going to continue and after long 
time, this hydro market -- small hydro segment has opened up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. So my first question is recently some of the 
major utilities announced very large MOUs for pump storage hydro and if I understand correctly, 
our synchronous motors are part of that solution. So you said that we won INR175 crores orders 
and there is much more in the pipeline. So is this a very large opportunity unfolding if you can 
talk a bit about that? 
Moderator: 
We have Mr. Dhwanil Desai in the question queue. Mr. Dhwanil, you can please repeat your 
question. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sure. So Nikhil, my first question is around the synchronous motors. Recently some of the large 
utility groups have announced MOUs for the pump storage hydro and if my understanding is 
correct, motors are used in those applications. So can you give us some sense as to on per 
megawatt basis, what is the contribution that our components get? And whatever INR75 crore 
orders that we got, is it related to the pump hydro and can this opportunity unfold as a recurring 
thing over next 3, 4 years? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. The INR75 crores worth of synchronous motor orders are not related to pump storage at all. 
These are orders which are coming from the irrigation projects so this is not pump storage. As 
far as pump storage is concerned, yes, there's a lot of noise in the market about this. We are yet 
to see concrete inquiries in the ranges that we operate, which is up to about 40 megawatts to 50 
megawatts. 
So I'm unable to comment on the actual market size and demand at this point of time. It's quite 
a big potential, we are waiting for it. We are expecting something to happen and we have the 
products for it. And as soon as this market picks up with actual ordering in these sizes, we will 
definitely play a very large role in this. But at the moment, as I said, nobody has really come to 
the stage of floating inquires for equipment. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Got it. And second thing is on the railway side, you mentioned that we'll be supplying 60 
traction motors. So is that going to be FY '25? Is that understanding, correct? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
For this year, we expect to do it this year. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
But this is part of the normal railway tendering where testing was going on for a long time, right? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And given all this development, I think even on the – because we have been supplying to 
gas engine side for a long time, but turbine generators is something which I have not heard from 
you over many calls. So is this something which is a new segment opening up or something 
which we are doing earlier and now kind of gone into kind of decline mode and now again 
reviving? Any update on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No. Gas turbine has not been such a large segment for TDPS although the market for gas turbines 
is large. We have been steadily increasing our presence in the gas turbine market supplying 
machines to Solar, which is a big gas turbine manufacturer in the U.S. We also announced last 
time in the last earnings call that we have increased that we're getting business from Mitsubishi 
Heavy Industries in Japan where there are also gas turbine generators. We're getting more 
inquiries and more requirement from them also. 
And then now it's only -- and there's 1 order from the CO2 plant that's also a gas turbine generator 
and now also, as we mentioned, we have signed an agreement with a major international 
company for supplying 45 megawatt to coal generator as a prototype, which we'll deliver by the 
end of next calendar year, early 2025 and then that business also has a big potential to grow. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
For the gas turbine business, we have a big scope for growth. We have a low market share. But 
it is a large market and will continue to be a big market also in the future given that the world is 
moving more and more away from dirty fossil fuels towards clean fossil fuels. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. So our product is more relevant for less than 100 megawatts, right? So we won't to be 
going above 100-megawatt gas turbines. Is that a right understanding? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So we are concentrating on gas turbines tentative below 60 megawatts to start with and above 
that size, we are not really competitive. Above that size, we have to supply generators with the 
Siemen's technology and we have restrictions on territories. So we can't supply across the world. 
But below 60 megawatts, it's with our own machines and that's the business that we're going 
after. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And last question with all these things happening, do you have any line of sight in terms 
of FY '25 how it's going to pan out? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. I think it all depends. The orders don't give a very, very good insight about what's going to 
happen next year. So if we are going to be running at INR250 crores, INR275 crores per quarter 
order inflow on the generator and motor side, then we should be looking at something like 
INR1,000 plus crores coming from motor generator plus we have the railway business on top of 
that. 
So I think it gives a good indication of the direction that we should be heading. Of course I can't 
give a commitment right now. But the way the order inflow is building up, I'm excited and I'm 
very positive about delivering very solid growth next year also. And this is the right time 
probably also to talk about once we start hitting this INR1,200 crore level, we have also taken 
the decision in our Board meeting yesterday to go ahead with an expansion plan. So we have 
taken the decision to invest INR120 crores in a third plant and we will be starting the investments 
from October this year. This will be spread over 2 years. 
And because we are confident about the order inflow, we need to beef up the capacity. So we 
should have the first phase of this plant operational around October or November next year. And 
the second phase will be operational in FY '26. This I think is the surest signs for the market that 
we are confident about the expansion of the business and we're getting ready for taking the 
company to the next stage. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. But your earlier indication of current capacity serving up to INR1,400 crores kind of a 
number remains, right? So is this over and above that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, of course. We are getting ready for -- we can't wait until we hit that number and then start 
putting capacity. So we have to start the process right now and we have taken the decision in 
yesterday's Board meeting that we will invest INR120 crores spread over 2 years and build up 
the capacity for taking the business up to INR1,600 crores – 1,800 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Alisha Mahawla: 
My first question for you is to talk about refurbishment opportunity on the wind generator side. 
Is there an update on that? How is this segment doing? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's a steady business. It's steady, it's not something exceptional, but it's exactly as per the plan. 
We're doing a fair amount of business. Machines have to fail -- so it's not we have the fail before 
we get some opportunity. But we're doing, every quarter we're doing some number of machines. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And you said this was the INR100 crore kind of opportunity on that. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, it's not going to be INR100 crores a year not for wind repair. The overall repair business we 
have said, the overall aftermarket business of the company would be around 7% to 8% of our 
total sales. This will be a part of it. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay. Got it. And on the 9,000 HP locomotive side, you said that you're not sure what the OEM 
is trying to do maybe source it or maybe look for external sourcing. Is there any update on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
No, there's no update. As I said, the inquiry will be floated in October and we need to be 
competitive and take a big share. So I'm confident we'll do well all I can say at this point of time. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
No, I'm talking about the 9,000 HP locomotive. You're saying for that also it will be floated in 
October. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
You're talking the one that Siemens won. No news. We have even  asked them, but they don't 
seem to be interested to outsource it. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay. Got it. And just on the gross margins, we used to see 30%, 31%. It is a competitive 
industry that we are in and now we're seeing 33%, 34% sustainable. So what has changed? When 
you say the mix has changed, can you give some color to help us understand why this will be 
sticky number? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The mix has changed in the sense that I said we're doing more aftermarket business. Earlier used 
to be 2%, 3%, 4% of our sales, now moving up to 7% of our sales. That's sort of the high gross 
contribution that's definitely helping us to improve the overall gross contribution for the 
company. 
In addition to that, we have a lot of cost reduction activities within the organization. We are 
optimizing our designs. We're constantly working on making the machines lighter and more 
efficient and that also helps in cost reduction activity for the material side and making our 
machines more efficient. So this and that I would say are the 2 major factors leading to the 
expansion in the gross contribution. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Got it. And just circling back on wind side, there's no big opportunity on the domestic side that 
we're seeing there currently? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We are talking to a few players, but I don't have anything to report at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Mutual Fund. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, just wanted to get some idea like when we look across 
the company, a lot of people are talking about the Europe market has kind of slowed down and 
even when you see your export revenue is also -- export order intake is also showing a muted. 
Is that something that you are also seeing or is just a quarterly thing, this export slowdown? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
There's no slowdown on the exports. As I said, we were negotiating some large orders which we 
won. And when you see the Q2 numbers, you'll be rest assured that the export market is also 
booming for us. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. Great. And for the -- I missed out on the initial part. Is there any guidance that you had 
given for the revenue for this year FY '24? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We have given. We are sticking to our revenue guidance of INR1,000 crores. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
INR1,000 crores. Okay. And order intake? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Order intake I've not given a guidance. I don't have a number right now. I will give you -- I mean 
we can give a guidance next quarter. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. And regarding this Vande Bharat plan cycle we had; we are expecting some orders from 
-- is that there in our overall outlook at the Vande Bharat? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, I think I've mentioned this already that they have on the order, they will float the tender in 
October, and then we have to compete and win some part of the business. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sarika Thorat from Alchemy. 
Sarika Thorat: 
Sir, I want to understand there is 1 media article in month of July saying that Karnataka High 
Court stays transfer of 2.51 crore shares of TD Power. Can you just throw some light on this 
particular matter, please? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I think the company has published on the exchange clarifications as to what is going on. The 
matter is sub-judice so I'm not entitled to talk about this more than what has already been 
published by the company on the exchange. All I can say is that there was a hearing yesterday 
in the High Court and the High Court has passed an order, which we are waiting for the final 
document to come. 
But in general the High Court has passed an order saying that the subject shares, which are 2.5 
crores shares, are related to a single promoter entity which is Sapphire Finman and not related 
to other promoters. So this is a very welcome development as far as we are concerned. So this 
restricts the entire case to just 1 promoter entity and not to the other and does not relate to any 
other promoter share. 
The notification is out on the High Court website, today or tomorrow we will put it up on the 
exchange and we will keep all our investors informed about the development. The next hearing 
for this case in the High Court has been scheduled for 28th of August and we'll keep all of you 
informed about the progress. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just few questions. Firstly, we were also looking to 
supply the traction motors for Vande Bharat to Indian Railway through 1 of our customers. So 
any update on this? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes. That order is still in the pipeline. We are not talking about it. It could take a little bit more 
time so we'll not mention this. But there is opportunities to align and once it becomes hot, we 
will get back to you about it. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And fair to say there would be competition even for this? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
There would be competition for all the smaller-sized motors. These larger motors, which are 
going to the freight locomotives, that's where we have a single source -- that are customized as 
single source. But for the smaller-sized motors, there is competition, which play. Not lot of 
competition, mainly competition from 1 single entity which is a large multinational company 
working in India, so they're basically well enough to compete for these jobs. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. You were looking to also scale up the business on the motor end of wind repair. Can you 
give some color how the progress is happening on the wind repair side? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I answered this question a few minutes ago on the wind repair side. We're getting steady orders 
from this segment. We are satisfied with the overall growth. It's part of the 6%, 7% that we're 
going to do in the aftermarket business. It's going as per plan just now. There's nothing 
extraordinary taking place, there's nothing terrible taking place. It's going as per plan. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. And lastly, on the pump hydro, how can we scale up on the pump hydro? Any color if you 
can give? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
I mean it's scaling up means they should first do business, right, and we should see the business 
before we say we're going to scale up. We have the product; we can make the synchronous motor 
and generators and whatever is required for this. So as I said earlier, there's no actual projects 
where people are in the ordering stage, lot of it is very conceptual. 
It could be also in the first few phases we could see very large projects coming up so let's say 
200-megawatt, 300-megawatt single unit sizes in pump hydro not in the sizes where we operate, 
which is 40 megawatts, 50 megawatts. So we don't know which way this market is going to 
develop. 
We see some hydro in the large hydro segment in which case we will not have much business at 
all. If it's going to be in the small hydro business, then certainly TDPS will have a large role to 
play. Small hydro stops around 50 megawatts. So we have to see which way the market develops, 
we're not sure. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manoj from Geometric. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Manoj Dua: 
Sir, power has been a permanent demand of the human being from last many decades and I have 
seen that power demand changes from like some were hydro, sometimes gas. And what do you 
see the trend in the short term and medium term? How the power producers are thinking in terms 
of which area they are more focusing on? 
And in general when we read that in California, they are thinking that so many power has to 
increase because of EVs and all these articles. Can you just throw some broad light what is 
happening on areas where we are present or even not there? How the power producers are 
thinking? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
So power is going to be in big demand all over the world not just in India, but also in the 
developed countries where they are switching over with more and more EV production therefore 
demand for electricity is going to keep increasing plus bigger is going to be when they start 
heating. If the laws are passed not to heat homes with oil or with gas, then we'll see another big 
spike of demand taking place in electricity. 
So the demand is going to keep growing, there's no doubt about it. How the demand is going to 
be met? It has to be met from a mixture of renewables and fossil. As far as fossil is concerned, 
it's going to be gas. 
At least in the Western world, all developed countries mainly if they're to move away from coal, 
it's going to be large scale gas generation and small-scale generation and renewables. The 
renewables will come in the form of wind, biomass, garbage burn off plants, waste to heat energy 
which is a mix you can say. 
In India, it's still going to be dependent on coal. Captive power plants is going to be coal for 
other things like biomass or sugarcane co- generation or things like that. The India story is going 
to be a little bit different although we are putting in lot of emphasis on both green for more 
renewables, we can't escape the fact that we do need at least 60%, 70% of our power generation 
coming from baseload capability and baseload can only be met by coal in India because we have 
no gas or oil so we have to drive the coal and nuclear. This is how we see it in the future so in 
the near term. So demand for our products is going to be strong for the next decade or so. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Neha Agarwal from Sage One Investment Manager LLP. 
Neha Agarwal: 
I just have 2 quick questions. One is pertaining to the continuous replacement demand that you 
speak about in your presentation. So can you just highlight how much of the revenue is coming 
from the replacement demand side? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
That's a tough question. I don't have a number honestly speaking on this at the moment. 
Neha Agarwal: 
Okay. But is it that even though it's replacement demand, there is a tendering for it and that's the 
process or is it more straightforward? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay, do you want to take this question? Maybe you can throw some light on this in a better 
way. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Vinay Hegde: 
So basically what we are saying is we have around 6,000 machines in the field and as you know, 
we are a 23-year-old company. And a large number of machines, which are more than 10- to 12-
year-old, and we expect a good amount of business to come from this segment for replacement 
of complete machine or complete rotor or stator. At the same time, there is also a big business 
for replacing the older machine supplied by our competitors. 
For example now we are also bidding a project where there are 5 machines which are 60-year-
old. We are building that project with 1 of our customers. That is 1 part. And second part is 
replacing our own machines. So unfortunately this is an unpredictable market where we can't 
say that this year, we want to do so many machines replacement. It is a bit tough question to 
answer, but certainly the probability increases as the machines grow older. So I think only this 
much we can tell at the moment because we have a large slate of older machines, which are 
getting older and older year by year. 
Neha Agarwal: 
Sure. But even then, could we then -- would it be fair to say that even in that case whenever 
there's a replacement demand also, there is going to be a fair share of competitive intensity and 
it's not that we are most likely to get the order just because the machine was ours earlier? 
Vinay Hegde: 
No. In the case of our own machines, the probability of getting the order is you can say more 
than 90% because it's going to be difficult for our competitors to match all the dimensions. There 
are so many things technically, the centre height, the shaft diameter, the cooler location, 
foundation dimensions and all those things. 
We are one of the masters in doing that and we have replaced almost all our competitors’ 
machines exactly matching all the dimensions. That is called dropping kind of replacement. But 
there is nobody who has this kind of capability who can match all the exact dimensions of our 
machines and offer a replacement generator. So there we have an edge over our competition. 
And as I said, we have more than 90% chance of getting that business. 
Neha Agarwal: 
Fair enough. That was very clear. Also on the Turkey side, I had 1 question pertaining to we are 
having a manufacturing unit there. So if you could throw some light as to which markets, does 
it cater to and given the recent disruptions in Turkey in last 2 years, have we faced any 
difficulties? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Turkish market is at the moment very I could say almost dead, but we have decided to keep the 
plant open over there because we are keeping this as a safety security for our increasing 
population of machines that we have in Europe. So we want to have a service centre in case we 
have a warranty issue, we think we'll have a manufacturing plant where we can offer the repairs 
and replacement at a very competitive price. 
Otherwise we're dependent on third-party service shops and it would be very, very expensive for 
the company in case we have an incident. But we also have been talking to our customers in the 
Turkish market and there is a big revival taking place in the geothermal side. And I will ask my 
colleague, Ramya, who's on this call. She's still responsible for the Turkish market. Ramya, 
maybe you can throw some light on the Turkish market and geothermal, what people are saying? 
Is she on the call? 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
No, I don't think she's on the call, sir. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Okay. Vinay, can you just throw some light on the geothermal opportunity? What's happened 
with Turkey? 
Vinay Hegde: 
So basically the Turkish market we were doing really good business, but of late the government 
reduced the incentives. So now customers are buying those -- that business has not gone for us. 
All the business what our Turkish plant used to get, those businesses we are getting in India 
plant directly. 
But now there is a change and we are expecting a couple of orders for geothermal business, 
which is now looking up again and we will get couple of orders for the Turkish plant, but not 
how it used to be before. So all those businesses are coming directly to the Indian plant, made 
in India machines. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The geothermal market is going to pick up. That's the -- we have taken to our customers. And 
even if you get 5, 6 machines a year on the geothermal side, large generators and the Turkish 
operation would be back to being very profitable once this market reaches 5, 6 machines per 
year. So we're already seeing inquiries floating in, coming in and we have started bidding so the 
market will definitely revive. It may take some time, but I'm pretty sure. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments. 
Riya Mehta: 
My first question is in terms of the independent railway orders which we have received. Could 
you enlighten more on that and what is the scope going forward? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Sorry, could you just repeat the question with Indian railways? 
Riya Mehta: 
Sir, we have been -- as you mentioned in your comments that you have received some orders on 
TD Power has without any partner and you were in the trial phase. So what is the scope there 
and going forward what are the opportunities that opens up for us and what will be the size do 
you think? How long -- how big? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
The market is a INR1,200 crore market and it consists of approximately something like I would 
say 500 to 600 motors per year -- sorry. It's about 3,000 motors per year, sorry. So we are starting 
with 60, which is going to be the first order that we're getting and we're going to keep increasing 
the size of this business slowly. So we start with 60, then make it 100, 150, 200. Ultimately the 
goal is to come to about 10% of the market, which is around 300 machines which is around 
INR100 crores of business. This is the goal. So 60 is the first step and we will keep gradually 
increasing our size as we get confidence producing this product and also building confidence 
with the Indian Railways about our capabilities. I've always mentioned this will take a little bit 
of time, but 60 is the first big step. 
Riya Mehta: 
And what kind of margins do we see here? And what type of competition? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
It's a high margin product. So the key is to get to that Level 1 qualification stage where then you 
get that price. The people who are in that Level 1 stage; BHEL, Crompton Greaves, and Siemens, 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
ABB`; they are the players who enjoy these high prices. We have finished the qualification and 
we also should get there very soon, but it will take some time for us to build up the volume with 
Indian Railways. It's going to be a step-by-step process and we would get there because we're 
doing it step-by-step and we'll keep the market informed about this. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. My next question is could you speak more on that? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
About the capex? So I said that we have taken a decision in the Board meeting to invest INR120 
crores in a third plant and we will get this plant operational within -- partly in Phase 1 within 
next 12 months to 14 months and it will start contributing towards reducing some bottlenecks in 
the capacity in the second half of next year. With this full investment, we should be able to -- 
after we finish Phase 2 and Phase 3, we should be able to produce INR1,700 crores or INR1,800 
crores worth of machines. So we are getting ready for that. We are seeing that the order inflow 
and the demand situation is compelling us to take this decision to go ahead with the capacity. 
Riya Mehta: 
Right. Current facility were able to produce around INR1,300 crores worth of revenue. So 
incrementally, the INR120 crores capex would get somewhere around INR500 crores of 
incremental revenue on a full scale. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Yes, we can say around INR400 crores. We have 1:3, 1:3.5 so that's why I said around INR700 
crores or so. 
Riya Mehta: 
And also in terms of domestic orders so which segment or which sector do you see growth 
majorly coming from for our products specifically? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Vinay, take this question. 
Vinay Hegde: 
Yes. Madam, mainly the domestic sector is steel and then distilleries. Also the agro products and 
chemicals and fertilizers so we got some very big order from agro companies in northern part of 
India and real big orders for the steel segment and also the distillery segment is also moving 
where we are getting good business, but all that is small compared to the steel segment. But 
these are the segments which are really booming currently in Indian market. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
I just had 1 query. On the nuclear business, if you can just give some update. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We had 1 order for a nuclear power plant motor, which we have to deliver in October or 
November this year, and there are a number of new tenders coming up. So we don't have 
anything to report other than this because all these things take a little bit of time. Everything in 
nuclear is completely slow, nothing moves fast over there. So there are new tenders, there are 
big requirements, we have nothing to report in this quarter. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. But in terms of qualification, the whole certification approval process. We have already 
qualified with all the major customers. 

 
TD Power Systems Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Nikhil Kumar: 
We qualified that's why we got the order. But we need to deliver the first motor and put into 
operations in October, November this year. Once we deliver that motor, then I think it will open 
up the business for us completely for more projects. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay. And is your focus only on domestic markets or even export is an area that you would be 
coming at? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Only domestic. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the... 
Nikhil Kumar: 
There was a follow-up question which was required, right? It was a lady who had a follow-up 
question. Would that that want to be taken right now? 
Moderator: 
We got that question from Ms. Neha Agarwal. 
Neha Agarwal: 
Just wanted on Turkey when you said that there could be revival. But as of now on a plant basis 
stand-alone, are we making losses in that unit or we have breakeven sort of? 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Operationally we are making profit, but there is an exchange translation loss. Varalakshmi, can 
you please explain what happened in the last quarter on the depreciation of the lira and why we 
are showing the translation loss? 
M. N. Varalakshmi: 
Okay, sir. So there is an operational profit from Turkey. But because of lira depreciation from 4 
to 3, that is almost 25% depreciation; all the results have got restated at the current value and 
this has resulted in a INR1.5 crore of exchange loss. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Nikhil Kumar: 
Thank you very much for participating on this earnings call and happy to answer all your 
questions. If you have any further questions, please get in touch with us. We look forward to 
interacting with you in the next quarter or even some investor conference in between. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of TD Power Systems Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
