 
29.05.2023 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
Sub.:   Transcript of Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Symbol:  JASH 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of Q4 FY23 Earnings conference call with the Investors held 
on Tuesday, 23rd May 2023.  
 
You are requested to take the aforementioned information on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For JASH Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
Tushar Kharpade 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TUSHAR 
KHARPA
DE
Digitally signed 
by TUSHAR 
KHARPADE 
Date: 2023.05.29 
15:22:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Jash Engineering Limited  
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRATIK PATEL - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
 
MR. DHARMENDRA JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Good evening and welcome to the Jash Engineering Q4 FY23 earnings conference call. 
Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward 
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risk, uncertainties and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risk that could cause the future result 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what it is expressed or implied by 
such forward looking statements.  
 
Please note that we have mailed the results, and the same are available on the company's 
website. In case if you have not received the same, you can write to us and we will be happy 
to send the same, over to you. 
 
To ask questions, please select the raise hand option. We will call out your name, and then 
request you to unmute yourself and ask the question. Please note that questions on the chat 
box will not be monitored on an active basis. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have top management 
of Jash Engineering Limited represented by Mr. Pratik Patel - Chairman and Managing 
Director and Mr. Dharmendra Jain – Chief Financial officer. 
We will start the call with brief overview of the quarter, gone past, and then conduct a Q&A 
session. With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Pratik Patel. Over to you Sir. 
Pratik Patel: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I will start with the company overview and then onwards go on 
to the financial. So as many of you already know we have five manufacturing units and this 
year our consolidated revenue has been close to Rs.415 crores. We are basically a company 
making equipment and supplying the equipment to water, wastewater and dissemination and 
stormwater application for pumping, conveyance, treatment and so on story etc. And we 
have a global presence with a company in Hong Kong, a company in Austria, a company in 
America and this is the 50th year of our operation and we have reached this state through 
various acquisition, technical collaborations we have done over the years and by increasing 
our capabilities by way of new plants. The latest in 2023, we have joint venture with Invent 
of Germany to manufacture range of aeration and mixing equipment  before that we have 
also tied up with Invent for making dis filters through technical collaboration from JV which 
enable us to establish their mind equipment in the Indian market which would help us in the 
last stage of the equipment process. 
So, over the years we have acquired companies like Sureseal which is in the water 
conveyance taking care of water pipeline, Shivpad which makes equipments required for 
primary and secondary treatment, Mahr Maschinenbau which is world’s renowned company 
in the screening equipment and Rodney Hunt in America for their line of water control gate 
business. With these four acquisitions we have made a wide range of product portfolio which 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
help us in getting line share of most of the projects. Doing incremental investments over the 
years, we have reached a turnover potential in our existing facility of Rs.600 crores plus. So, 
today we have inhouse capability to achieve a target of Rs.600 crores in revenue and this 
also is on account of small edition we are doing currently which would be commissioned in 
September. So, all these makes a company sure for next two to three years of growth. We 
have invested in one of the most comprehensive plant capabilities so that we can do most of 
work in house. These capabilities are not only in India but also created in America, So that 
Rodney Hunt which is our acquisition in America can also cater to most of growing demand 
in America. 
The products that we make, as I already said before are going into water, wastewater 
stormwater and drinking water applications whether it is pumping, conveyance or treatment. 
We also offer for desalination project and these products water intake gates, heavy fabricated 
gates, coarse screening equipments, fine screening equipments, screening conveying 
equipment, heavy fabricated gates, knife gate valves, bulk solid handling valve, process 
equipment, hydro power equipments, screw pumps and filtering equipment. So, these range 
of products are quite comprehensive and results into our getting a lion share of our most of 
the projects. These products are used in water intake system, storm water pumping station, 
water and wastewater treatment plant, irrigation, power plants, paper and pulp, 
petrochemical, steel, cement and lot of process industries. In the FY23 60% of our business 
revenue has come from water control gates business, 16% revenue contribution is from the 
screening business, 8% is from the valve business and 16% is from other businesses which 
is hydro power screws, pumping screws, process equipment, & disc filter and other 
equipments.  
We are quite spread in world market. Today we are not only based in India, but also outside 
India. I'm glad to inform that our business outside India today is more than what is in India. 
We are well established in Middle East, in Europe, in America, in Far and Southeast Asia 
along with India. We also have wide approvals of contractors and consultants in India and 
also outside India.  
Coming to the financial performance for the year, I first like to dwell on standalone 
performance. The standalone performance in case of Jash revenue is Rs.281 crores in FY23 
with the increase in profitability from Rs.24.8 crores to Rs.40.8 crores. In case of Shivpad 
revenue has grown from Rs.23.6 crores to Rs.27.2 crores with PAT of Rs.4.9 crores which 
is a significant increase over last year. In case of Rodney Hunt the revenue has grown from 
$17.8 million to around $20.4 million and a profit after taxes around $1 million in FY 23.  
This shows the consolidated figures for the year so from Rs.373.6 crores we have achieved 
Rs.415.2 crores. If you remember at the beginning of the year, we had said that we are 
targeting around Rs.420-430 crores. We are little bit short of our projections because up to 
Rs.20 crores in revenue has been reversed by Deloitte because the material had not reached 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
sites. So, after the reversal of the revenue is Rs.415 crores and profit before tax is Rs.56.5 
crores and profit after tax is Rs.51.2 crores ,so there has been a significant improvement in 
profit after tax and one of the main reasons has been the reduction in raw material prices 
which last year and gone very high but this year it has gone down as a result of which the 
operating margin improvement is there, we are back to 18% plus of operating margin and 
we have given guidance of long term operating margin going about 20% over a period of 
time. So, we are on back on track one year was bad because of Russia related supply prices 
which I think is now quite stabilized. 
In the Q4, this has been a story year after year that Q1 is bad, Q2 improve, Q3 is good and 
Q4 is excellent. So Q4 this year also has been excellent for us, we have achieved revenue of 
Rs.173.9 crores, and a EBIDTA margin of Rs.23.5 crores in Q4. I've been always telling that 
EBITDA margins higher than 20%, going up to 22-23-24% is possible for us and our Q4 
performance shows that such type of EBITDA margin is achievable. We just hope that the 
quarter to quarter business stabilizes as we spread our market and once that happens, we are 
looking forward to having high EBIDTA margin in the range of 21% to 23% annually.  
Coming to the business outlook, our consolidated order book position as of 1st  May is Rs.688 
crores which has also already significantly increased in the last 20 days, of this Jash 
Engineering has Rs.395 crores, Rodney Hunt has Rs.233 crores and Shivpad is around Rs.10 
crores in order in hand. The orders outside India are Rs.443 crores and orders within India 
is Rs.195 crores, which is very good sign because export gives us higher margins and bring 
stability which is very important in the current year because this year is going to be the year 
of elections in India with many states going for election. As our business outside India is 
more to be more this year, we are sure that we can overcome all the hiccups which we will 
have because of the elections in various states this year.  
Our order pipeline also is quite strong. We have already negotiated orders worth $55 crores 
for the month of May and under negotiation the orders are already close to Rs.60 crores. 
Generally, our ratio of success for orders to be negotiated is more than 70% and we are quite 
hopeful that a larger chunk of this business will also come to us. As I said we already have 
Rs.638 crores order book as on 1st May. In view of strong order book position, we are 
projecting a combined revenue of Rs.515 crores on the consolidates side of which Jash 
Engineering is expected to achieve Rs.345 crores, Rodney Hunt is expected to achieve 
Rs.200 crores and Shivpad is expected to achieve Rs.30 crores. The revenue within India is 
projected to be Rs.220 crores and revenue outside India is projected to be Rs.295 crores. The 
intercompany sales are adjusted and so the combined revenue would be Rs.513 crores for 
the year, we are quite hopeful that we would be able to achieve this figure. 
Just to share your highlights of the year I'm pleased to inform this is our 50th year 29th 
September is our foundation day and on 29th September 2023 we will be commissioning 
various new facilities, which includes a new stainless steel product plant in unit II, extension 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
in the corporate office as we are building one more floor because of the Jash Invent JV where 
we have to induct  new people for the new product line. Also, for employees we are setting 
up turf cricket facility and as a social responsibility we are making a dense forest with lake 
and public canteen opposite our unit I facility. Informally, I would like to invite all who 
would like to visit us during September for this function. Formal invitation will be sent soon.  
I'm also pleased to inform that the president of Guyana visited us on 10th of January and they 
expect to do significant business with us because the land level in Guyana is under sea like 
in Netherlands so they would be needing lot of our products and our US offices are working 
on that. I'm also pleased to inform that this year we got an award from Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India for excellence in financial reporting for FY21-22 under the category 
manufacturing and trading sector for 500 companies. It makes us immensely proud of the 
fact that we are appreciated for our reporting. Since COVID we were not able to do a lot of 
things which we generally do to increase our marketing activities worldwide. This year we 
have restarted the training programs and we conducted training for our business associates 
in and around Asia, along with UK and many people visit us and we trained them on all the 
products, so that they can go and successfully market our products in the world market. One 
of the big highlight of the year is receipt of the largest order in the domestic market of Rs.48 
crore, this is a very prestigious draw from Nuclear Power Corporation of India for 
Kudankullam project, the order is from Tata project. It involves 36 screens and the technical 
feature of this order is that these screens are seismically designed after the Fukushima in 
Japan this has become a norm so these screens can withstand seismic shocks and are 
designed to meet all earthquakes and tsunami capabilities.  
We also continuously upgrade our facilities for thread rolling machine, which will give us 
output which is more than 10 times of what we get on the conventional machines. We also 
invested on CNC press back in our unit II. At America we invested on a laser cutting machine 
as well as a long lathe, these 2 facilities will ensure that our outsourcing reduces and we can 
do more value addition from the American manufacturing facility.  
I'm pleased to inform that we have purchased land in Pearland Texas for our second plant. 
At Orange Massachusetts we have a problem of getting manpower for the increasing amount 
of orders which we are getting in execution of those orders. And so we have decided to set 
up a second plant in Pearland Texas. The land has been purchased and registered in our name 
now and we are preparing plans for making this plant next year.  
We invest 2% our net profit every year on CSR activities. And this year we already learned 
around Rs55 lacs investment on various social causes which are highlighted here. We 
generally try to do social work related to young girls, orphans, weaker section of society so 
that they can be educated and we help in local sustainability for tribal areas, so that these 
things could help in upliftment of their families and of their life. We do quite well in this 
and over the years many of our initiatives have given good results.  

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
This year we are building new products like air vessels and this is becoming an established 
business for us. We also did special projects like Sevier dam project in America, the 
hydraulically crest gates for Sheboygan in America, the Pontoon gates for New York and 
various dam discharge gates and so on.  
For FY23-24 I already had informed we have joined hand with Invents to produce their 
mixer, aerators and also market that turbo blowers in the Indian market. I am pleased to 
inform that we have decided to acquire 80% of shares of Waterfront Fluid Controls. 
Waterfront is already working with us for last 8-10 years and today we have a very exciting 
opportunity in UK market to create and what  we have done in America with the Rodney 
Hunt. Our largest competitor in UK Hambaker got bankrupt and closed. The Company was 
doing close to Rs.150 crores in revenue. We hope that joining hands with Waterfront Fluid 
Controls will increasing their capability, giving our designs and doing some production in 
India and some production in UK, we would be able to rapidly corner the market share of 
Hambaker which is available to grab because they are no more in the marketplace. I think 
we have a fair chance to increase the revenue of Waterfront from Rs.28 crores this year to 
around Rs.100 crores in next four to five years’ time. Once we do it we will be the largest 
water control gates company in UK.  
We are also adding to our office building as I already said before and this construction also 
would be ready in end September. Similarly, we are building a new plant of around 28,000 
square feet this plant was Mr.Marcus Hoefkin and his Excellency Dr. Morhard, had 
inaugurated along with Mr. Silawat, Cabinet Minister of Wates Resources and this is now at 
an advanced stage and will be commissioned in September 23. We are also starting work on 
Shivpad fascility in Chennai this plant will be started in July and would we commission 
sometime in 2024-25.  
In the end, I would like to state that though we did not have the revenue growth of 15% 
which we expected still we around 11% revenue growth with a good growth in profitability 
by around 60%. The raw material prices as I said before have stabilized the quantum of 
export orders with higher margins is going to increase this year. And as we are expecting a 
higher turnover our overhead are also supposed to go down. As a result of all of this I'm 
quite optimistic of improving the profitability further from what we have achieved this year. 
We expect 20% growth in revenue this year to touch Rs.515 crores. Since our order book is 
very strong this is easily achievable.  
In the end I would like to say that internationally as well as domestic, our markets are very 
strong, the projects are coming quite a lot and we are quite confident of maintaining this 
growth in the current year as well as in the year after. I would like to further add that this 
year we had given the second ESOP to the employees and today 231 employees out of 
around 300 staff are shareholders in the company and this is a very strong motivation for 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
them to give their best for the company because any increase in the worth of share of Jas 
results into their worth getting increase.  
Thank you. I hope that I have been able to explain what the company is doing and what is 
the way forward. And I am now open to any questions which you may have. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you sir. We will now begin a Q&A session. First question is from Jiten Parmar, please 
go ahead. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Good evening Pratikji and whole Jash team. Congratulations on the excellent set of numbers, 
especially on the margins front very good surprise. And it's good to see, all the initiatives 
which our company had taken bearing fruit. I have few questions. One is, what is the cost of 
the Waterfront acquisition and what will be the source of funds for that. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, the valuation is a 2.5 million pound, 80% of that would be around 2 million we give 
partially 30% for which we are doing downpayment and 70% we are issuing to them shares 
of Jash Engineering. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay. And my second question is what is the capex plan for FY24 and FY25. 
Pratik Patel: 
In the three years we are expecting to invest close to Rs.100 crores so that by 2029-30 we 
can reach Rs.1000 crores in revenue.  
Jiten Parmar: 
Thank you. And my third and final question is basically on the tax rate, our tax rate is low. 
So, what could be the reasons for that  
Pratik Patel: 
Because there are two plants in special export zone, where there is very low tax rate. For the 
new plant there is no tax and for first five years and later on there is 50% tax rate. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Okay, so this will continue for some time. 
Pratik Patel: 
This will continue for some time. In fact, in 2025 we also expect to set up one more plant in 
SEZ to cater to the increasing business coming from Waterfront. 
Jiten Parmar: 
Great, thank you, sir. That's all for now. If I have any more questions, I will come to you. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you Jiten. The next question is from Mr. Naveen. Please go ahead. 
Naveen: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the Waterfront. If you could give 
a background about the company and the capability in terms of what products can be 
manufactured and marketed there. And what will be the capex required to scale this 
acquisition. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, Waterfront is doing around 27-28 crores in revenue with profit before tax around 10% 
so,it is a profitable company point number one. Point number two Waterfront already 
produces gates but they also buy from us and sell in the UK market. Waterfront is quite well 
established in UK but there scale is small. From Jash what we intend to do is we will be 
investing together close to Rs.5 crores and in this Rs.5 crore we will be investing in facility 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
to make stainless steel fabricated gates in Scotland at Glasgow. The current owners of 
Waterfront have already signed a leased deed for taking it and we will be giving them designs 
for those products which they want to make immediately and supply and long gestation jobs 
will be done in India. So, the model will be same as Rodney Hunt, the designing will be 
done in India manufacturing will be done in UK or in India depending upon the lead time 
available. 
Naveen: 
My second question is sustainability of margin. The margins can inch up from here also, but 
we have seen the rupee depreciate quite a lot last year. So, in that backdrop if there is any 
rupee appreciation against the dollar, what kind of margin impact it will have. 
Pratik Patel: 
If you have heard us before, generally when we are doing our estimation we put the difference 
of Rs.2-3 or maybe Rs.4 between what is the current rate and what we consider. So, if there 
is a minor depreciation of 2-3-4% it doesn't affect us. 
Naveen: 
That’s it from my end. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you Naveen. The next question is from Dilip Kumar Sahu, please go ahead. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Good evening Pratik bhai. Two questions, one is, in the US business we have more than 
Rs.150 crore of orders which have come to my mind more than five months back. So, what 
is the difficulty in billing those out, consistently we have a huge backlog. So just if you can 
tell me what are the constraints of billing out number one. Number two, our non India 
business momentum seems to have slowed down quite rapidly in last six months. If you 
really look at the average order booking for last six months is around Rs.20-22 crores which 
is almost 50% of what used to be six months before that. So, is there any problem in US 
order booking market scenario, competitor scenario or the macros there. 
Pratik Patel: 
I don't get how you arrived at this data. If you can share with me. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
I just took your updates to the exchange and took the non India business per month for last 
12 months. And I saw for last six months average is around Rs.20-22 crores. Total of course 
is around Rs.42-45 crores but I'm only talking about the business outside India. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, what happens is, as you are aware we are in project engineering. Project engineering 
means some big projects come in certain months, it is not going to come every month. But 
if you see the average order book position, of a year it is increasing. So, just if you're talking 
about America, America currently, I have as of date today, yesterday only I got a $1.4 million 
job. America my order book position is $36 million confirmed order in hand. Whereas this 
year, we are projecting revenues of only $25-26 million. So, our order book position is quite 
strong everywhere. It could be that certain months is less but if you've seen year by year, it 
is increasing significantly. The second question is why if we have orders, it is not resulted 
into immediate revenue. The reason for that is when we get the job after that we submit the 
drawings. The drawings are approved by the client, we have to do a lot of coordination with 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
the city and civil drawings, before we can approve these drawings. One these drawings are 
approved then only we can proceed. So, many times on the projects, things get delayed and 
as a result, the prolonged drawing gets extended by 3-4-5 months. On an average what we 
have seen in America is the time taken for approval of drawing is anywhere from 2-3 months 
to 7-8 months. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Sure, thanks. The concern is basically for example, in 1st April, our pending order is around 
Rs.600 crores plus and I understand Rs.100 crores out of that Rs.600 crore order is in 
Southeast Asia which may or may not get built, but Rs,500 crores plus of order as on 1st 
April. And without considering any new book and bill our forecast is Rs.515 crores which 
essentially meaning that for the whole year, the book and bill will be zero. So that's where 
I'm coming from, but I can understand you're saying that the cycle time is very high in our 
business. 
Pratik Patel: 
It also happens, as I told you in past that we'll get some order in December and we will 
execute that in March. So out of Rs.638 crores, already Rs.100-130 crores of orders are for 
delivery next year.  
Dharmendra Jain: 
If you see we are currently exporting 52%, we are targeting next year for 58%. And if you 
see our order booking on 1st May out of India is around 70%. So, we are regularly going for 
outside India business. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Correct. All I was saying is if I just took last 12 months order booking divided between India 
and outside and I saw that last 6-7 months the average is around Rs.20-22 crores. If you are 
confident that's fine. That's all from my side. And all the best for the for the celebration on 
September 26. Hopefully see you there on September 29. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you, Dilip. The next question is from Ashish Rampuria. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Thanks. Hie Pratikji, one thing sort of while we have that sales cycle and that typically Q4 
is the best and then Q3, Q1 and Q2 are typically not good for us. Given this order book and 
a lot of it is from outside India do you expect this time the volatility will not be that good 
and Q1, Q2 also should be decently good vis-a-vis Q3 and Q4. 
Pratik Patel: 
I would wish, my experience is that it is not happening. It may improve little bit but each 
quarter is something that is dream. I don't think it will happen. But we are all striving to 
improve it because if that improves my capability to deliver more from the same facility 
much higher turnover lower comes in force. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
But even with US orders, Pratikji you are not seeing possible to increase revenue in Q1. 
Pratik Patel: 
See everywhere it is the same. In case of US, generally the last quarter that is December 
quarter is very strong. So, most of the deliveries we do in December which gets reflected in 
January, February, March for US. But the deliveries as I already said all those countries 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
where British Empire was there, Middle East, Southeast Asia all these are 31st March is the 
year ending. So we will not have that much equal spread of order every quarter. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Okay. Second question is how do you see the domestic order book visibility. I think 
Bengaluru, Mumbai all were sort of had those projects about water resource, so do you think 
that is still continuing 
Pratik Patel: 
Yes, it is continued and we have started receiving orders from Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad, 
Mumbai for the projects which are already awarded. So, for the projects awarded they have 
started placement of orders and the domestic front is looking more rosier than export. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Excellent and do you think it is 2-3 year story, or do you think this is a more 4-5 years story 
on the domestic side. 
Pratik Patel: 
I would say, on the basis of which projects are awarded it is 2-3 years story but have not 
even done today more than 50% of wastewater treatment. So, the need of the country exists. 
I believe that once Covid is gone all state governments and central government will refocus 
on investment on water, wastewater infrastructure, there is no option. Covid stop that for 
two years but now the funds are no more going towards Covid. So yes, there would be some 
slippage and stoppages due to the election year, this year and next year but there after again 
it has to pick up. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Siddesh Chawan:      
Thank you Ashish. The next question is from Shriram Kapoor. 
Shriram Kapoor: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of bookkeeping questions to start with. Could 
you provide the product mix across gates and valves and things like that? Could you provide 
that for Q4 FY22? 
Pratik Patel: 
Yes, not now but we can provide to you. You can write a mail to us and we will provide to 
you. 
Shriram Kapoor: 
Sure, thank you. My next question is on your average execution cycle for existing order 
book. Over how long would this order book will be executed and does it differ between 
India, US and rest of the world.  
Pratik Patel: 
Execution of order depends upon the size of the order and some time depends on when the 
client needs. So, the client may get a big order and he wants the whole project to be executed 
in two years. Some clients will say they want the delivery in six months and someone will 
say delivered to us after one year. So, execution is dependent on clients need, but I will say 
on an average 60% of the orders which we receive in year are delivered in that year itself. 
Pratik Patel: 
Okay, understood. And just last question is, another bookkeeping question. If you could 
provide, I guess we can take this offline again, EBIDTA at the entity level, Shivpad, Rodney 
Hunt and standalone Jash engineering. EBITDA for FY23 could we receive that because 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
that was the disclosure that we used to get last year in the previous presentations. So that 
would be possible. 
Dharmendra Jain: 
Please write the mail on what is required, and we would reply. 
Shriram Kapoor: 
Okay, Thank you so much and all the best. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you, Shriram. Next question is from Hardik Bari, go ahead.  
Hardik Bari: 
Thank you for the opportunity, and congrats on a good set of numbers. So, if you know, if 
you could share some color on, it seems like we are in a great position. Obviously, there's a 
lot of demand and I want to understand little bit about the competitive landscape, where do 
you see some of the competition either in India or abroad, how we play along with some of 
the some of the major EPC players. And then secondly, I also wanted to just get your take 
on the acquisition strategies, obviously we had Rodney Hunt some time back, now we have 
the Waterfront producers in UK and are we still kind of looking at, opportunistic companies 
around or we okay for now and we want to scale these up and then we are looking to maybe 
come back in the fray for some more. 
Pratik Patel: 
So let me answer the second question first. Acquisition is never planned, sometime it is 
dependent on when you get the opportunity. So, if Hambaker has not closed, I don't know 
whether I would have gone for acquisition of Waterfront. We were still working together. 
Me and Neil have been working together for so many years. We may have continued the 
same way but with the Hambaker company closing down, it is who seizes the market first. 
And that is why my approach to Neil was let us go strongly invest on manpower, investment 
on facilities, invest on producing products there so that we can seize the market. So, most of 
the acquisition opportunity comes out of blues, some we planned for but when we plan for 
an acquisition, I found out at least in India, they are all overpriced. And sometimes it doesn't 
make sense to go for companies which are not strong management wise, which are not strong 
market wise, but still, they expect huge valuations. So, we keep our hands away from such 
companies. Then first question on competition landscape, so let's start from market to 
market. Let's start from UK, UK our biggest competitor I believe would be AVK, as 
Hambaker closed down AVK is there now. So whoever is marches fast would be able to take 
major market share. In America as I said, as of today morning we have $36 million order 
book position. I expect to cross $35 million in revenue in America in 3-4 years time. So, 
from $20 million to $35 million I expect to cross in 3-4 years time. At 3-4 years time when 
I cross we will be the largest in the water control gate business in America. There are 
competitors but they do not have the edge which Jash has and once my Houston plant is 
ready our capabilities would be so much that we would be a big threat to most of the 
American manufacturers. So, in India we are quite strong and we have dominant market 
share, in Middle East and Southeast Asia also we have a dominant market share. So, on an 
average I would saying that we are within the first towards the choices available with the 
client. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Hardik Bari: 
Okay, thank you Sir. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you Hardik. The next follow up question is from Dilip Kumar Sahu. Please go ahead. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Partikbhai, your presentation talks about Rs.600 crore of revenue potential from existing 
facilities. So, can you just clarify is it the current as of now situation or you also include 
September. So, since its till 2026 all this investment you're talking about this year and next 
year, including the Houston one. Can you give a rough idea where it will look like? 
Pratik Patel: 
So, we intend to invest in South, Shivpad around Rs.23-24 crores. We intent to invest around 
Rs.30-35 crores in Houston and the balance investment would be some Rs.5 crores 
investment in Waterfront. Around Rs.3-4 crores investment for acquisition of Waterfront 
because balance we are giving by way of stocks and one new plant possibly in 2025 in SEZ 
to making higher revenue coming from Waterfront to manufacture those products and so on. 
So, the complete plan is Rs.100 crores and out of that around Rs.8-10 crores is also for 
existing unit I and unit II upgradation. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Yeah, so is it fair to assume that it will be asset turn of 2.5 times for us like it will give us 
Rs.250 crores of additional revenue. 
Pratik Patel: 
If this investment of Rs.100 crores will result into additional revenue output of atleast 
Rs.400-450 crores. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
So, as on 2026 we will be looking at a capacity of 1000 crores all across. 
Pratik Patel: 
Something like that but when we say capacity it do not means revenue. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Of course, I understand certainly. The second question is this Waterfront it looks like, they 
were not partners if I heard you correctly. So you're essentially bringing in a marketing front 
to UK is it correct understanding. 
Pratik Patel: 
No they already manufacture, they have a plant in UK where they manufacture, they also 
buy from us and sell it in UK market. So, they stock some of our products, they do projects 
work where they get the orders and place it on us, we supply to them and they supply to UK 
market. So they are already manufacturing. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Sure. As of now we do Rs.20-25 crores I understand from UK. 
Pratik Patel: 
They do Rs.27-28 crores with PBT of around 10%. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
As of now and this will add up to Rs.100 crores you are saying. 
Pratik Patel: 
Yes. As I said Hambaker was doing Rs150 crores including exports, but they were definitely 
doing more than Rs.100 crores in the UK alone. Okay, so we have a good chance of 
addressing that market in the coming years. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you Dilip. Next question is from Alisha Mahawala, please go ahead. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Couple of clarifications, so the 
acquisition that we are doing Waterfront, Of the 2 million pounds 30% we will pay by cash 
and balance will be shares. Correct?  
Pratik Patel: 
Yeah. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Sure. And we use to talk about some domestic acquisition also that we were evaluating is 
that still on the radar? 
Pratik Patel: 
The valuation is not working out. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Okay.  
Pratik Patel: 
They want to be valued at the same multiple which Jash is at presently. That doesn't make 
sense. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Sure. I understand. And on the on Rs.515 crores total revenue targets the next year is this 
including contribution that we will get from the Waterfront business also because we will 
complete the transaction by Q2. 
Pratik Patel: 
We will complete the transaction by September. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
So, Rs.515 crores includes revenue from Waterfront  
Pratik Patel: 
Yes.  
Alisha Mahawala: 
In that case, there's Rs.20 crores spilled from this quarter to next year, and there's going to 
be some contribution from Waterfront despite having a healthy order book then we are 
talking of very low execution happening. 
Pratik Patel: 
We are talking conservatively, it could be more also but for guidance I am saying Rs.515 
crore. We are doing due diligence and Waterfront just now. So, by the second quarter, I 
would be in a better position to give you more accurate guidance. So, Rs.515 crores when I 
say really it is not including Waterfront but if September comes through then we will give a 
revised guidance wherein it could be more or it could be the same 
Alisha Mahawala: 
The full year had other income of Rs.13 crores what is the forex gain in this Rs.13 crores. 
Dharmendra Jain: 
Rs.4-5 crores is the fluctuation. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
So, on the margins front we used to talk of doing about 10% that on PAT level, obviously 
we have done better this year. Going forward how do we expect margins to pan out. 
Pratik Patel: 
Margin I have already informed is the factor of 2 things. The more we do export business 
where we have higher margins our margins should improve. Second, overheads the more 
revenue we get overheads goes down. Process improvement also we are working on but that 
does not bring a lot of difference to the margin, it may bring 0.25-0.5%. But the bigger share 
comes from export business as well as overheads getting reduced. And as already you see 
acquisition of Waterfront results into more export business, growth in Rodney Hunt results 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
into more export business and so we are quite optimistic of achieving over a period of time 
13-14% PAT margins which we have projected before. I think this year alone our PAT 
margin is close to 12%. So we are not far off 13-14% which I had predicted Before. If the 
raw material prices remain stable 13-14% is possible. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
So, 13-14% is possible. On the working capital side the increase in the inventory and 
receivables is this on account of the order that have got deferred or is that a change in our 
working capital. 
Dharmendra Jain: 
No, it's because of our target is around Rs.300 crores and we have Rs.20 crores reversal 
revenue. So, these are going to stocks, we have billed it but because of no recognition 
revenue we have to reverse and book it to stock that’s why, few products are in pipeline 
which we have not completed, so these are in the stock. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
So, I understand the increase in inventory days but even the receivable days are higher than 
what we use to work with earlier.  
Pratik Patel: 
Receivable from America has improved. But if overall is higher, can you throw some light 
on it later on? 
Dharmendra Jain: 
Yeah, we can give you exact reason, its because of mainly turnover going towards March 
will affect this receivable additional. So, because of major towards March it is higher. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Sir I understand that but this isn't a every year phenomena and last 2-3 years if we see our 
receivables days was closer to 100-115 days, which has now become almost 130 days. So 
just wanted to check  
Dharmendra Jain: 
Yes, I will check it and revert to you. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you, Alisha. That was the last question for today. I will request Pratik Sir, for the 
closing comments. 
Pratik Patel: 
So, thank you for patiently hearing to us. We hope that whatever we promised or whatever 
we project we would be able to meet. We have been doing it and so we have been little bit 
conservative in our promises if you remember we had given a for guidance for PAT between 
Rs.42-45 crores and we have done much better than that. But for reversal we would have 
also met our projections for total revenue. So, we try to give projections on conservative 
basis and try to improve upon it. Hopefully, this year too we will be able to do the same. 
And from quarter to quarter we will be with you again and we will keep you updated on 
what is happening with the company. Thank you. 
Siddesh Chawan: 
Thank you sir. Thank you everyone for joining us today. If you have any additional 
questions, you can reach out to us anytime. We wish you a good health and look forward to 
seeing you again in the next quarter. 

 
Jash Engineering Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
