Regd. Office
Regent Chambers, 7th Floor
Jamnalal Bajaj Marg
208 Nariman Point
Mumbai 400 021
Pidilite Industries Limited
Corporate Office
Ramkrishna Mandir Road
Andheri - E, Mumbai 400059, India
T + 91 22 2835 7000
2835 7952 / 2835 7365
F +91 22 2830 4482
www.pidilite.com
ClN:L24100MH1969PLC014336
18th August, 2023 
The Secretary  
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept.,  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
14th floor, P. J. Tower, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – 500331 
Stock Code - PIDILITIND 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call
--------------------------------------------------- 
Dear Sir, 
We enclose herewith, a transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analyst/Investors on                  
11th August, 2023. 
A recording of the transcript is available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.pidilite.com.  
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pidilite Industries Limited  
Manisha Shetty 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
MANISHA 
RAKESH 
SHETTY
Digitally signed 
by MANISHA 
RAKESH SHETTY 
Date: 2023.08.18 
14:23:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Pidilite Industries Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARAT PURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 MR. SUDHANSHU VATS – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. SANDEEP BATRA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
(FINANCE) & CFO 
MR. SUNIL BURDE – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
(FINANCE & ACCOUNTS) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARUN BAID – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call for Pidilite 
Industries Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Arun Baid from ICICI Securities. Over to you, sir. 
Arun Baid: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to the Q1 
FY24 Post-Results Con-Call of Pidilite Industries. 
From the Management side, we have Mr. Bharat Puri – MD; Mr. Sudhanshu Vats – Deputy MD; 
Mr. Sandeep Batra – Executive Director (Finance) and CFO; and Mr. Sunil Burde – Senior Vice 
President (Finance & Accounts). 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Batra for opening remarks, post which the floor will be open for 
Q&A. Over to you, Mr. Batra. 
Sandeep Batra: 
A very good afternoon to everybody on the call. I have great pleasure in taking you through the 
highlights of the first quarter’s performance where the board approved the financial results 
yesterday. Standalone revenue for the quarter at Rs. 2,952 crores grew by 6.2% over the previous 
year despite a very high base. Just to remind you that last year in the first quarter, we had reported 
a revenue growth of 62.5%. The growth in this quarter was led by a very strong underlying 
volume growth of 8%. Underlying volume growth, just to clarify, refers to volume growth which 
includes the impact of changes in the product mix. All the pricing adjustments are deleted from 
this calculation. The domestic Consumer & Bazaar business segment’s growth was broad based 
across categories and geographies, with underlying volume growth of 12%. Both urban and rural 
markets grew in double digits, with the rural market continuing to outpace urban, which signals 
a gradual recovery in the rural economy. However, exports of our Consumer & Bazaar products 
declined due to challenging demand conditions in the overseas markets. 
Coming to the consolidated results: 
The consolidated revenue at Rs. 3,264 crores was 5.6% higher than last year, driven by strong 
volume growth, particularly, in the domestic Consumer & Bazaar segment. The B2B segment 
registered a single digit revenue decline, largely due to lower exports and lower demand from 
export-oriented industries. 
Material costs continued to soften with VAM consumption in the current quarter at around 
$1,150 a ton compared to 2x in the same period last year. Last year was $2,250. And this resulted 
in gross margin which expanded both sequentially as well as year on year; 812 basis points year 
on year and 260 basis points sequentially. Part of these gains were reinvested in the form of 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
higher A&SP spends  in the current quarter, A&SP was about 3.6% of sales versus 2.1% in the 
same period last year  and other Growth-related initiatives. Consequently, our EBITDA margins 
went back in the 20%+ zone and at 22.7% were 521 bps above the same period last year and 430 
bps higher than the 4th quarter. Domestic subsidiaries continue to deliver robust sales growth 
driven by the Consumer & Bazaar businesses and EBITDA margins improved in all businesses 
in the domestic subsidiaries. 
Sales of our international subsidiaries, excluding the Pidilite USA business, were largely in line 
with the same period last year, largely because of uncertain economic conditions, currency 
devaluation challenges in some countries, and local inflation pressures. EBITDA in absolute 
terms was also flat versus last year. The working capital situation remained very healthy and in 
absolute terms was lower than what we reported in March ‘23, resulting in a very healthy cash 
position. 
As a company, we continue to invest behind building capacity for Growth and a future-ready 
supply chain with the aim of upgrading our manufacturing facilities and commensurate market 
demand. In the current calendar year, we have commissioned 7 plants: two for Roff, two for our 
construction chemicals business, and one each for each of our domestic joint ventures, i.e., 
Grupo Puma, Tenax and Litokol. With growth largely to be volume led in the near term, a good 
monsoon, increased construction activity and stable input prices enable us to look at the future 
with increased optimism. We remain committed to driving profitable volume growth through 
investment in our brands with enhanced customer engagements and continue to build a resilient 
and agile supply chain. 
That is all as far as opening remarks from my side are concerned. I leave the floor open for Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. The first question is from the line of Avi 
Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, I just wanted to first check on the VAM price update. If you could give us a sense on where 
VAM prices were for the quarter, I think I missed that in the opening comments. 
Sandeep Batra: 
VAM prices in the first quarter, what we consumed VAM was at $1,150 a ton versus $2,250 a 
ton in the same period last year. 
Avi Mehta: 
And, sir, what is the current pricing right now? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Current prices are anywhere between $850 to $900. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, just wanted to also understand, building up from the last quarter conference call, we have 
clearly achieved the margin expectation from March, which we saw 20%. We are now at 21.5% 
roughly or so. Do you see there is an upside risk to that guidance on EBITDA margin of 2024? 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Maybe it should be 22 to 24? Or if you could give us some sense on how should we look at 
margins as we go forward. And if you could also give us an update on what happened to the 
reversal of consumer downgrades that you were discussing the last time, the product 
downgrades. 
Bharat Puri: 
Avi, on the first question, really, as far as the margin range is concerned, given the volatility that 
we keep seeing in raw materials, we are more comfortable with a 20% to 24% range and that is 
where we will keep it. Now, based on where the situation is, it may go up and down in one 
quarter versus the other, but we are comfortable with that range. We believe beyond that range, 
it actually then impedes our volume growth and opens the backdoor to a lot of regional and other 
competitors, and therefore, we are comfortable with this range. 
I did not understand the question on product downgrades. If you can just elaborate. 
Avi Mehta: 
If I recollect from the last time, you had indicated that there was a sense on when the high 
inflation period reverses, we can see some impact on the mix as we go forward. That is what I 
wanted to understand. If that has panned out in terms of the mix, as in lower-price products or 
lower-margin products have done better or is there anything of that sort that we have? 
Bharat Puri: 
Not in our business. In fact, in our business, that is not the case. As far as we are concerned, the 
product mix is actually pretty much in line, which is why, if you notice, we have switched to 
reporting underlying volume growth rather than total volume growth because total volume 
growth, in a sense, misstates because weighty products that cost very little, like for example 
putties and so on, then actually increase your volume growth, which is not the right indicator of 
business. Therefore, we are at underlying volume growth which for the Consumer & Bazaar 
business is about 12%. 
Avi Mehta: 
That is clear then. What I was trying to understand is that when the inflation was high, I thought 
the mix was impacted and that would have reversed. Maybe that impact did not pan out and my 
understanding was inaccurate. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kesharwani Karan Hariom from Godrej. Please go ahead. 
Kesharwani K. Hariom: 
Sir, your material price has been declined by approximately 7% year-on-year basis. Is it solely 
due to a decrease in material price or any production efficiency? 
Bharat Puri: 
It is always a mix of both. And we obviously track this over a longer period of time; it is a mix 
of both. In this quarter, it is largely material cost because a lot of the material efficiencies when 
material costs were going high, we actually squeezed. But it will always be a mix of the two. In 
this quarter, it would largely be material cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. Please go ahead. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sir, on the B2B side as well as on the export front, what is the sense you are getting? If the 
demand environment continues to remain tepid, especially on the B2B side, it has been like 3 
quarters where we have seen a YoY decline. So, just wanted to get some sense in terms of when 
you speak to your customer on the B2B side and also on the export side, what is the sense you 
are getting on the overall demand environment? 
Bharat Puri: 
Let me split this up, Ashish, into 2 different elements. One is B2B where there is direct exports 
to the developed world which is largely the US and Europe; could be pigments or it could be to 
customers of ours who are exporting to the developed world. This could be leather, this could 
be textiles, this could be wooden furniture, so on and so forth. Here, the indicators we are getting 
is that the US will probably come out of this quicker. There is a little more optimism around the 
US whereas Europe may take a little longer. Fortunately, a large part of the exports is to a mix 
of the two but with the US, a little more. I would wait a quarter before we declare and see as to 
how the situation is but it does appear to be getting a little better, at least the first indicators are 
there. As far as the neighboring countries are concerned, which is exports of our finished goods, 
what we are finding is countries like Nepal, for example, are suffering tremendous foreign 
exchange shortages. Actually, the issue is not that of demand in Nepal. It is an issue of not there 
being enough foreign exchange. Bangladesh was more a combination of a lack of foreign 
exchange and the fact that both the Eids this time came in the same quarter and therefore a large 
number of holidays. I would say I would watch this for another 3 months. But it does appear it 
will be better in the second and third quarters than it was in the first. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
And secondly, on your comment in terms of reinvesting some of the RM benefits into driving 
Growth. Apart from the ad-spends, if you can just highlight what other initiatives you are taking 
to drive that profitable volume growth, that would be very helpful. 
Bharat Puri: 
We are really looking at this across 4 fronts, Ashish. The front one is expansion in sales and 
distribution. Just to give you a perspective, in the last 12 months, we have added 17,000 new 
villages which we are now accessing directly. We believe from a home improvement point of 
view; we would have the deepest distribution by a large distance. Just to give you a perspective, 
we now have over 8,000 Pidilite Ki Duniyas, the PKDs as we call them. All of these are in 
villages between 5,000 and 10,000. We have obviously expanded. Therefore, the whole sales & 
distribution piece is one area of investment, along with requisite like demand generation 
activities that take place. The second is the whole area of innovation across each of our divisions, 
whether it is Fevicol, whether it is Fixit, whether it is the consumer products division. Each of 
these has now started launching a set of innovations in each of their markets. And therefore, our 
contribution from innovation, we would hope, will actually go up substantially over the next 12 
months because, as I have repeatedly said, going forward, volume growth will be the key, and 
therefore, we must do everything vis-a-vis there. In the enablers, we have also made tremendous 
progress on the whole digital piece, not only through digital ecommerce, etc., which we have 
talked about earlier, which has now become a regular part of our business, but to just give you 
an idea, for example, we have an app called Pidilite Genie, and we believe we are only one of 2 
companies who are getting more than 25% of our sales via an app where there is no salesman or 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
distributor involved. This is obviously again reaching our people, who therefore do not even 
have access to our sales force, can order and get material over a 24-hour period. Like this, we 
have got other digital initiatives on. We are also looking at some initiatives in the areas of AI. 
And the 4th is the supply chain. Sandeep referred to it. But if I look at the bigger picture, really 
what we are doing is we are making a resilient, flexible, on-demand supply chain. We now have 
70 manufacturing facilities in and across India. We will probably add 3 to 4 more every year as 
we go forward, which is what we have got plans for, so that we are not only equipped for future 
growth, we are also incredibly flexible and can therefore service the needs at very short notice, 
very quickly. These are all the other areas of investment besides, obviously, investing in your 
brands. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
And last bit from my side is, any pricing intervention which you might have taken given how 
the VAM prices have panned out? And secondly, what is the price difference between your 
product versus the peer product? 
Bharat Puri: 
Our price premium tends to be depending on the product in the whole wood adhesives area of 
between 10% to 15%. That is the premium that remains. If it goes above that, for example, even 
in this quarter, we would have actually reduced the effective price to the customer, given the 
VAM price decreases. On a consistent basis, our premium remains between 10% to 15%. We 
have tested it over a large period of time. We believe that is what is justifiable and what the 
customer is happy to pay. Anything above that, we actually give back to the consumer because, 
otherwise, we believe it impedes our volume growth. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
A related question on this. Maybe on portfolio level, because I understand across categories and 
across product points, maybe the effective price reduction will vary, but maybe at an overall 
portfolio level, what kind of a reduction we might have seen this quarter? 
Bharat Puri: 
Very difficult to say, my friend, because our portfolio is so wide and large, it is best to take it at 
a vertical level. Otherwise, it is very difficult to translate this at the company level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
I was curious to hear your thoughts, Mr. Puri, on the overall B2C demand environment. I just 
heard your comments on B2B, but just trying to gauge, are you getting more positive, excited 
about the underlying growth trends that you are noticing in your business? 
Bharat Puri: 
Yes, I would say from a demand perspective, what we are seeing is really the whole construction 
sector does seem to be seeing an upturn. If you look at organized real estate or you look at 
individual housing, there is a certain amount of buoyancy which we are seeing in the market. 
We have earlier also spoken about the fact that consumers have reappraised their relationship 
with the home and are willing to invest more in their home. This is something which is an 
ongoing trend that we are seeing. The good thing we have seen now over the last 6 months is 
that for us, at least in our sector, we are seeing rural demand slowly coming back. It is still not 
the buoyant twice urban demand that we used to see, but slow and steady. For example, in this 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
quarter, our rural growth rates were 1.5x urban and that is really encouraging. I would say, while 
the monsoon has been good though it hasn’t been well distributed, barring these disruptions we 
are having because of flooding in certain areas, we are actually quite optimistic about the next 6 
months simply because we do not see demand conditions domestically changing dramatically. 
There is a long festive season and most importantly, from our point of view, we also see input 
prices are fairly stable. 
Latika Chopra: 
I heard your comments on pricing. Are you done with your pricing interventions? Because it 
seems your current price of VAM is still lower than what your price was there in Q1. Do you 
anticipate you will still take some tactical calls on pricing or you think you are largely done? 
Bharat Puri: 
Absolutely, yes, we will still take some tactical calls depending on the VAM price. We are 
always sensitive to that. But we believe now given the last 2 weeks the way crude, etc., is going, 
we think this is pretty much the bottom of crude and therefore VAM will slowly go back to its 
traditional around $1,000 a ton over the next 6 months. 
Latika Chopra: 
I also was trying to just understand there is a lot of push on rural expansion. I was just wondering 
if you could give us some more color on what kind of products are getting better reach in these 
areas. What kind of price packs, price points, what is allowing you to penetrate rural markets 
more? And another question I had was on your margin mix. As you go deeper into these smaller 
towns or rural areas, does it affect or influence your margins in any significant manner? 
Bharat Puri: 
The good thing for us, actually, is that our rural mix, outside the fact that obviously there are 
smaller packs and there are more basic products – you will not sell the premium products except 
maybe in Kerala or Punjab or Gujarat – in the rest of the places, it tends to be what I would call 
the starting products in the range. But it is still the same Fevicol, the same Fixit, the basic range 
of waterproofing starting from the construction. Fevikwik anyway has very deep penetration and 
is pretty much there across all villages, above 5,000. It is our full basic range and we keep adding 
to this range. For example, we have expanded substantially with Araldite. We are now expanding 
with tile adhesive. On a consistent basis, based on the  kind of town, we obviously have lots of 
rural marketing and penetration models – we classify markets into various substrates, and we 
believe there is an ideal product mix for every substrate and we keep working towards reaching 
that ideal product mix, and therefore, in a sense, realizing the potential of that substrate. That is 
what we are doing on a consistent basis. As far as discounts are concerned, frankly, they are 
pretty much the same as urban. Actually, discounts here tend to be lower, but freight and logistics 
costs tend to be higher. 
Latika Chopra: 
And can I check, you have a very wide portfolio, and you have always split your portfolio and 
there is a growth in Pioneer categories which were about one-third revenue salience. Just trying 
to understand what parts of these categories or which segments of these are actually tracking 
your expectations, something that surprised you positively, something that you think probably 
there is more work to do? Some flavor on tile adhesives, stone solutions, premium wood finishes, 
some of the niche segments that you are tapping into. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Bharat Puri: 
I would say largely our model has worked 8 out of 10 times on a consistent basis. It takes a little 
bit of time. Whether it is, for example, premium wood finishes, you know that we report ICA 
Pidilite results separately, you would see that ICA Pidilite itself is now a very strong unit in its 
own self. And mind you, their minimum price point starts at Rs. 750 a liter. It is really premium, 
and we would submit the best quality wood finishes, not just in India but in the world. Whether 
it is that, whether it is tile adhesives, or whether it is the joinery segment, our model has been 
holding well. Core has tended to grow 1.5x GDP. Growth has tended to be, for example, 
waterproofing for us continues to be a strong growth driver. I am sure somebody will ask the 
question about the competition. Competition from paint companies has been there now for 10 
years, but we are continuing to grow healthily in waterproofing, and therefore, it remains a 
growth driver for us. We keep adding newer stuff. For example, we have added tile grouts, we 
have added stone solutions, we have now added exterior renders. On a consistent basis, Latika, 
every year, we will add 1 or 2 new categories and slowly and steadily establish them. 
Latika Chopra: 
I remember the last earnings call was full of this, but I just thought I will just check if there is 
any meaningful update on this interior decor paints expansion. I know your comments from the 
last time, but anything to call out or update on this time. 
Bharat Puri: 
It is very early days. All of you know, Pidilite as a company; we are not the big bang we will put 
up X plants and make a lot of song & dance. We will do things slowly and systematically. When 
we have something to report, we will come back to you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My question was, again, on the demand environment. I think you mentioned about the strong 
trend in the construction industry. On your adhesive segment which has direct consumer 
products like Fevikwik also and woodworking products, are you also seeing a buoyant demand 
environment there and also in the rural markets, which indicates that even that segment, even 
though it is not very directly construction linked, are you positive on that in terms of how you 
are seeing the demand? 
Bharat Puri: 
Yes, we are seeing demand, definitely also showing a little bit of an uptick as far as, for example, 
wood adhesives is concerned. My invitation to you, Arnab, would be also does follow, though 
not fully construction because two-thirds of the demand tends to be renovation, but when there 
is new construction, you are going to then furnish it. And when you are going to furnish it, you 
are going to put furniture. And when you are going to put furniture, you are going to use Fevicol. 
So, we are seeing that as a lag. And at an overall level, yes, while there may be certain categories 
that are growing faster simply because we are at the Growth stage of the category, be it tile 
adhesives or waterproofing, but even the Core categories like say, Fevicol, we are continuing to 
see healthy demand. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And my related question was when you are doing this rural expansion, what we have seen in 
FMCG typically is that your fastest moving packs anyways reach through indirect means where 
the demand is, but in your case, does that hold true and therefore are you getting the incremental 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
sales on more of the non-Fevicol products or do you think there is a big gap even in the Fevicol 
reach in terms of either unorganized share or actually the product not being available? 
Bharat Puri: 
The difference between traditional FMCG and us is that in our case, like, say in my old world 
when I was in the chocolate and toffee’s world or in Sudhanshu’s old world when he was doing 
detergent, you do not have to teach a person how to eat a chocolate or a toffee or to use a 
detergent. In our business, most of our products actually require a certain amount of user 
training, and in this case, at times the user may be the end user himself. What we have done, 
actually, which is giving us good dividends are, we operate with 2 sales forces in what we call 
emerging India which is a mix of rural and semi-urban India where we have 1 sales force that 
keeps training users and consumers in the use of the product and that, in our view, is a greater 
multiplier of sale rather than just pure availability. What benefits from pure availability is 
actually things like Fevikwik which are simple to use. The rest of them we find that there is a 
certain amount of education which we will have to do to create the category. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And my last question was on, any change or acceleration in the Capex that you foresee in FY 
‘24-25 given the faster growth and your initiative? 
Bharat Puri: 
We have been repeatedly saying this. In fact, even during COVID, we were busy investing in 
Capex on a consistent basis. We will remain at between 3.5% to 4.5% of sales on a consistent 
basis as far as Capex is concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, I just wanted some incremental flavor when we say we have underlying volume growth of, 
say 8%. Can you break it up basically when we look at it from a category standpoint, say Growth, 
Pioneer, Emerging? And secondly, again, taking a leaf out of Latika’s question, how do we look 
to benchmark ourselves? What will make you happy? What will make you sad? I understand 
you do give a number of GDP multiplier. But again, if you could put some numbers over there, 
that would be great. Or should one look at our volume growth versus paints or any other 
subsector in the building material space that you look at? 
Bharat Puri: 
Paints is, on a consistent basis, Ritesh, actually reporting total volume growth. If on a 
comparative basis we report total volume growth, our actual total volume growth will be 19%. 
But in our view, that is not the right way to look at it because that is just actually inflating what 
are cheaper products which are in a sense a little more commoditized, be it putties or powders 
and so on. We believe underlying volume growth actually captures mix and also captures, 
therefore, the pricing element. Now, if you look at, for example, the Consumer & Bazaar 
business in the first quarter, we have grown volumes by about 12%. As per the RBI, our overall 
economic growth is anywhere between 6% to 6.5%. As long as we are between 1.5x to 2x GDP 
at a gross level, we are alright. And when I look at my categories, frankly, the good thing is it is 
broad based. My Core categories are growing at 1x to 1.5x GDP. My Growth categories are 
growing at 2x to 3x GDP. And a lot of the Pioneer categories are getting initial traction. At an 
overall level, that is the indicator we use. Over a period of time what we have also seen is that 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
our Core to Growth & Pioneer is consistently going up. By the end of this year, it appears it will 
be 60:40. And that really for us, therefore, gives us a greater flywheel for growth. That is how 
we look at it. Those are the benchmarks we follow. We obviously study all of the other 
companies, but please remember that vis-a-vis a consumer products business which is different 
and we have obviously a B2B business that is different. So, we will look at it as a composite. 
But at an overall level, I would be very happy as long as we are between 1x to 2x GDP on a 
volume basis. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, I will just continue with the question. I will just flip the argument a little bit around. In the 
current context wherein the raw material prices have gone down, you did indicate that we have 
taken some price reductions. When you have to take a call on market share versus profitability, 
you have already given margin guidance. Is that something which is more sacrosanct than market 
share? How could one understand that? And if you could split it between C&B and B2B, it would 
be great. 
Bharat Puri: 
We are clear that market share/volume growth is our prime indicator. You would notice that in 
the time when we were suffering from really high raw material prices when VAM went up to 
$2,500 a ton, we felt it was a temporary phenomenon and fortunately we were proven right. We 
actually took our margins down to 17% from our traditional 20% to 24%. Similarly, therefore, 
we are clear that volume/market share is primary. We, however, do not like to play in the 
commodity end of the market. We are a branded business, and therefore, we make sure we 
command the premium. But we are also clear that you can get a premium higher than normal 
premium for 1 or 2 quarters, but then you will open your back doors for lots more people to be 
sitting in your garden. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And last question is on paints. Sir, in the last quarter, you had indicated that we had ventured 
into AP and Telangana states. Sir, any incremental update over here, the sort of feedback that 
we have? You had also indicated that we will optimize our distribution reach. If we could provide 
some color over here, it would be great. 
Bharat Puri: 
Ritesh, right now, it is too early to say. Remember, all sales systems in the first 3 months will 
declare success very early. To our minds, I think it is best that we come back to you 3 months 
later. And when we decide to expand into other states, that will be a great indicator that we have 
met our action standards in these states. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, just the last question. You have elaborated a lot on the rural reach, but you also indicated 
that the freight and logistic costs are higher over here. Then, how should one look at the 
incremental margins and incremental ROCEs for the incremental sales in rural India what we 
are aspiring for? 
Bharat Puri: 
Actually, at an overall level, there is no difference in profitability and therefore ROCE between 
our rural and urban businesses. Urban businesses tend to be higher on schemes and discounts 
because of the competitive nature of the markets. In rural and semi-urban, competitive intensity 
is far lesser. It is about demand creation and reaching the products there consistently, therefore 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
servicing the market. At an overall level, actually it does not make a great difference to us in 
terms of the mix of sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, my first question is on the B2B business. But what is the volume growth on the B2B 
business, the UVG? 
Bharat Puri: 
B2B UVG is 3%. Simply remember, where we are suffering is exports to developed markets and 
exports by some of our customers of products which are export oriented. They may be leather, 
resins, textiles or wooden artifacts and furniture, these are the ones that are tending to suffer. 
The other place that is suffering is the neighboring markets like Nepal and Bangladesh where 
the issue is actually more of foreign exchange rather than that of demand. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, in India, the B2B growth would be how much? 
Bharat Puri: 
The India B2B growth is healthy. The India B2B growth is not an issue. In fact, because of the 
government spending in infrastructure and the overall organized construction going high, 
actually, B2B in India is doing pretty well. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly, just wanted to get your sense on margins. And obviously in the medium term, you 
have given a floor and a ceiling for margin. But in the near term, would you say that the current 
quarter margin Q1 is sort of the peak because while VAM has fallen further, you will take price 
cuts, and on the other hand, crude has gone up. So, would it be fair to say that the EBITDA 
margin in Q1 is the peak margin for you for the next few quarters? 
Bharat Puri: 
I would not say that. I would just stay with 20% to 24% because crude will still have a 2-quarters 
impact. As Sandeep told you, our consumption of VAM this quarter was at $1,100+ a ton. The 
current buying is at $900. In 1 or 2 quarters, we may even go higher than here. But as I said, stay 
to 20% to 24% and keep focusing on the profitable volume growth. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Lastly, an accounting question. Just wanted to understand your other expenses line has grown 
more than 20% YoY, which is much higher than the overall sales growth. Any reason for that? 
Sandeep Batra: 
I think the main cost that sits in other expenses is advertising and sales promotion, which if you 
look at it in terms of percentage terms, last year, it was 2.1%. Now, it is 3.6%. That itself has 
gone more than 50% and that is the biggest cost that sits in other expenses. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And that is the main reason why the overall other expenses percentage to sales has gone up? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Yes, largely. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And is this just a phasing issue or is the ad-spend likely to remain at the higher side because you 
have a benefit in the gross margin? 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Bharat Puri: 
In our belief, as we said, we will keep playing this, obviously over a longer period of time, but 
we will see greater focus on brand building. So, it will remain at a higher level. What’s the exact 
level? You will see in the next 3 quarters. But it will not be going back to the same levels as it 
was last year because last year was a challenging year from a margin perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amnish Aggarwal from Prabhudas Lilladher Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
There are a couple of questions from my side. The first question is regarding the new or 
innovative products. We have got 2-3 buckets of products and the newer products which have 
been, say growing at much faster rates. Now what is the salience of such products? Where are 
we in terms of the total contribution? And what is the outlook on that? 
Bharat Puri: 
That is a difficult question, Amnish, because each of the new products is in a different 
lifecycle/stage. I presume your question is more towards categories rather than products because 
each product is different. But for example, some products from Pioneer moved to Growth. If you 
take something like tile adhesives, 4 years ago, we were a very small player in tile adhesives. 
Today, we believe we are one of the top 2 players in India in tile adhesives. Now, that is 
obviously moved from Pioneer to Growth. Things like marble and stone, things like grout are 
something that now slowly in the next 1 year will move from Growth to Pioneer. The joinery 
business where we are now the leader moved to a Growth business about 2 years back and is 
therefore one of our Growth businesses. So, it is different for different businesses, but on a 
consistent basis, as I said, we keep looking at our own internal indicators and seeing that on a 
consistent basis are we creating categories? Five-six years ago, our ICA Pidilite business was a 
small sub Rs. 100 crore business. It is now close to Rs. 400 crores. Clearly you will see that a 
lot of these businesses are achieving or overachieving the benchmarks we have set for them. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
And sir, how much would be the contribution of these businesses to our sales now? 
Bharat Puri: 
As I said, by the end of this year, we expect Core to Growth & Pioneer to be 60:40. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Sir, the second question is that we have seen a lot of disruptions from the floods and you can say 
unseasonal rains, particularly in the month of July. Any impact it will have, particularly on the 
Q2 numbers in terms of demand, stocks, any disruption we faced in terms of any plants or 
warehouses, etc.? 
Bharat Puri: 
We definitely faced disruptions, Amnish, in the month of July simply because we have about 7 
plants in Himachal, close to Chandigarh. With that massive rain that took place there, there was 
a certain amount of closure. The consolidating warehouse for these 7 plants is in Ambala which 
is close to Chandigarh, again. We have had some disruptions for between 10 and 15 days. But 
our way of looking at it is this happens every year in different locations. It is part of the play in 
operating in India, you will have this somewhere or the other. Hopefully, now in August-
September, we do not have further disruptions. It definitely impacted our July sales, but it will 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
hopefully even out over a period of time. Remember, the good thing in high rainfall areas is, it 
also gives you a great demand for waterproofing. 
Amnish Aggarwal: 
Absolutely. And sir, looking at the VAM scenario and the fact that you are open to, you can say, 
taking tactical price cuts going forward also, should we then presume that the realization, say in 
the standalone which today maybe say roughly around a couple of percentage points negative, 
that number can go higher? Negative realization? 
Bharat Puri: 
It could, yes, definitely. As far as VAM prices are concerned, if they continue to be at a low 
level and we feel the need to take some tactical price cuts, we will definitely do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
I just had 2 follow-ups. One was on competitive intensity. Has there been any increase from 
regional competition because of the price of VAM? 
Bharat Puri: 
I would say not significantly, but yes, our categories anyway there is always 1 or 2 new 
competitors and the old traditional competitors; that continues. We have seen a greater, 
obviously, intensity of discounting, as we said, because people now have greater lee way which 
is why, as I said, we have taken the price cuts, but we have not seen many new players or earlier 
players getting revived strongly. They have always been there and they are still playing in the 
marketplace. 
Avi Mehta: 
And sir, just to kind of understand from a thought process perspective, the way you see this is if 
demand needs it, we will take a price cut. Otherwise, it is going to be the need from competition 
so that we ensure that we are not significantly premium from peers. Is that the way I should look 
at your price cut or how you look at pricing? 
Bharat Puri: 
Our belief is that our products command a certain premium. Therefore, if others reduce prices, 
we will make sure that our premium does not go over so that it, in a sense, shuts us out. We will 
make sure that that premium remains at the same level. 
Avi Mehta: 
So, it is going to be more like in case you face that competition, that is when we should kind of 
look at price cuts as of now, not otherwise? 
Bharat Puri: 
That is true. Yes. 
Avi Mehta: 
And sir, the second is just an understanding question. I am not clear yet on how the current 
reporting is different from the volume plus mix that you used to give earlier, because the numbers 
have changed. So, I am not sure what has changed or what has driven that change. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
The philosophy of underlying volume growth which you now see is, what we are now reporting 
is how our mix and volume have grown over a period of time. What happens is if you take your 
price, it is in some ways growth in volume and mix at constant price. That is what we are 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
reporting and therefore that is the difference and we will stay consistent with this. 1) What it 
helps us to do is, as Bharat has always been saying, that we are about profitable volume growth. 
Therefore, it is about making sure that the mix of the volume which is growing also is consistent. 
2) Underlying volume growth also allows you to look at different volumes within the same 
bucket. So, in some ways, you can aggregate apples plus oranges. Therefore, whether it is tonnes, 
it is kilo liters, it is units and all that, it all gets subsumed because you are looking at growth, net 
of price in your volume and mix. That  is what it does. And in some ways, underlying volume 
growth is actually growth in turnover but at constant price while you call it underlying volume 
growth. That is how it is. 
Avi Mehta: 
What I was trying to get to is I thought volume plus mix the earlier way we used to give, was 
also kind of capturing the mix impact and essentially doing the comparison. As I was saying 
earlier that we kind of take putty, take a lower share, and kind of take that mix impact in that 
sense. I thought that was coming in the last time, but maybe I will take it offline. I am still not 
very clear on what exactly changed. 
Sudhanshu Vats: 
We will pick it up offline in order to explain to you what has changed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
I had 3 questions and all three on waterproofing, as Mr. Puri had preempted earlier. First is a 
very basic question, sir. We call out that Consumer & Bazaar is 80% and B2B is about 20% of 
our business. But if I have to just look at it, what is waterproofing as a percentage of our 
business? That was my first question. Second question is, recently, Asian Paints called out that 
they are the largest player in the retail segment with respect to waterproofing. What is our 
positioning there? And the third question was, Mr. Puri, you have always said that the biggest 
competition in waterproofing is non-consumption. And you have alluded that 6 out of 10 
households do not use waterproofing products. How has that number changed and how is it 
different in urban India and rural India? 
Bharat Puri: 
Let me start with the first. As far as overall waterproofing is concerned, there is a B2B element 
and there is a B2C. I would say, and do not hold me to the number, if I combine the two, it would 
be anywhere between 15% and 18% of our sales. That’s the overall waterproofing portfolio. As 
far as the overall growth in waterproofing and Asian Paints calling out leadership in 
waterproofing, frankly, what is happening is most of the paint companies have now reclassified 
a lot of their what were traditional paint products as waterproofing products. For example, an 
exterior emulsion which was used for exterior beautification earlier now is claimed to be exterior 
beautification and waterproofing. Some of the primers have been converted to internal primers 
for waterproofing. Every paint company has a different definition of waterproofing. Traditional 
waterproofing, as we have seen it, was normally, a) used in new construction and b) used in 
renovation. Largely what paint companies are even now selling is everything is about renovation, 
very little about new construction. Having said that, Sheela, as far as we are concerned, when 
we look at our growth rates, we look at where we are going. We are clear that on a consistent 
basis, we are making substantial progress. As far as the consumer is concerned – and we have 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
just done this study, for example, of the saliency of brands – 9 out of 10 consumers name Dr. 
Fixit as the first brand of waterproofing when they are asked to name a brand which they would 
like to use in waterproofing. We believe we have the brand; we have the range now. This 
confusion, this overlap between paints and waterproofing will always continue and it depends 
on what people are counting. As far as the difference in penetration is concerned in 
waterproofing, I’ll tackle this in 3 ways. In organized construction, which is organized real 
estate, organized commercial real estate, office buildings, etc., we are now finding that between 
7 out of 10 buildings are using some form of waterproofing in the organized real estate space. 
In individual housing in urban India, it is between 4 and 5 out of 10. Individual housing in rural 
India is between 1 and 2 out of 10. And a large part of rural India tends to just do simple concrete 
mixing on the roof and presume that is waterproofing. So, we’ve got a very long way to go. The 
best indicator I can give you is world-over if you look at the ratio of waterproofing to paint, it is 
1:3 or 1:4 at best. In India, it is 1:8 or 1:10. So, you can see the kind of runway that waterproofing 
has for a growth perspective.  
Sheela Rathi: 
Just to be clear, you said, I know it is not exact numbers, but it is 15% to 20% of our overall 
portfolio. 
Bharat Puri: 
Yes, that is true. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul from Empitex. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Sir, you mentioned you have used AI in your business. Can you just elaborate a little bit about 
how you have done that? 
Bharat Puri: 
We are still at the early stages. We are still working through use cases, some of which are 
incidentally confidential. Give us a little more time so that we are ready to talk about it, because 
otherwise, it will be music to my competitors to know how we are using it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
First question is just a quick follow up on the earlier question asked by Avi. Sir, if you were to 
use the same reporting for volume and mix that you used earlier, what would be your volume 
growth for C&B business – standalone Consumer & Bazaar this quarter versus the 12% that you 
reported? 
Bharat Puri: 
They have just done a rough calculation. There would be a marginal 0.5% to 1% difference, but 
we will work the exact number and come to you. And they are also doing that for the last year. 
If we were to look at total volume growth, which is what most other companies are reporting 
including the paint companies, instead of 12%, we would be at 19% growth. 
Jay Doshi: 
That I am aware of, that I know that paint companies include putty and tile adhesive products. 
But I was just curious to understand whether your change in reporting optically changes 
something versus what we reported. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Bharat Puri: 
It does not change substantially. The question that Avi was asking was the right one. We, as a 
company, have always consistently said volume plus mix. We are now doing volume plus mix 
at a given price. And that is the difference. And that doesn’t, therefore, move the needle the way 
total volume versus underlying volume does. 
Jay Doshi: 
Second question is, Mr. Puri, you mentioned about you are one of the only 2 companies where 
your Genie portal or app has 25% sales. Could you elaborate? I was not sure whether it was 
referring to a particular category. 
Bharat Puri: 
For Pidilite today, 25% of Pidilite sales every month we are now getting out of an app where a 
dealer, it doesn’t matter where he is, presuming he is in Ludhiana or he is in Trichy or he is in a 
small village in Maharashtra, he can actually on the app, key in his order. In 24 hours, material 
will reach him via our distribution system. He does not have to call up a salesman. He does not 
have to call up a distributor. And slowly, over a period of time, we are only one of 2 companies; 
we believe the other is HUL which is doing the same thing in a substantial fashion. We are today 
now getting one-fourth of our sales like this. And this really, therefore, sets us up for much 
deeper and easier distribution in the future. 
Jay Doshi: 
So, this is dealers ordering through the app, not carpenters. 
Bharat Puri: 
Dealers ordering through the app, yes. Carpenters do not order through the app. Carpenters have 
a separate app where they can ask questions, so on and so forth, etc., but they will be linked to a 
dealer. 
Jay Doshi: 
And the final question is, from whatever little bit I have gathered about Haisha, I believe 
currently the price range that it operates at is primarily targeting the economy segment, the 
economy or ultra economy segment in the decorative paints. Is that understanding correct? 
Bharat Puri: 
No, that understanding is not correct at all. It is, in our view, matching the range of each of the 
paint companies with a significantly superior product. And actually, therefore, one of the first 
feedbacks we are getting is that what we are calling an economy product, the market is looking 
at it as the next category as a premium product. But it is early days. But no, that’s not true; we 
are not in just the economy or the bottom end of the market; we have a full range. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Sandeep Batra: 
From my side, thank you to everybody for your  continued interest in Pidilite.  
Bharat Puri: 
It is always a pleasure, thank you. The wonderful thing about the Pidilite analysts, at least, is 
you’ll always ask the questions that set us thinking. Thank you all for your participation, thank 
you for your support, and have a lovely long weekend and look forward to meeting you post the 
weekend. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. And 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
