STEEL AUTHORITY OF INDIA LIMITED
CA-17(44)/2023-24
17^ August, 2023
The General Manager (MO)
The Asstt. Vice President
Bombay Stock Exchange
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Through BSE Listing Centre
Through NEAPS
Sub: Transcipt of conference call held with Analysts & 
Investors on 11^'^ August
2023.
Ref: Regulation 46 of SEBIfLODR) 
Regulations. 2015: (Security IDrSAIL).
Dear Sir,
This is in continuation to our letter No.CA-17(44)/2023-24 dated ll"" August, 2023,
intimating the link to the Audio Recording of the Conference Call held on 11^ August, 2023.
Transcript of aforesaid Conference Call is attached herewith.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Steel Authority of India Limited
CL,'
(M B Balakrishnan)
Executive Director (F&A)&
Company Secretary
End: As above
- 110 003, 
: 011-2436 7481-86,^^ : 011-2436 7015, 
; www.sail.co.in
Ispat Bhawan, LodI Road, New Delhi-110 003, Phone : 
011-2436 7481-86, Fax : 011-2436 7015, Website : 
www.sait.co.in
PAN No. AAAC57062F 
Corporate Identity No. L27109DL1973 GOI006454
37 
^ 
1^353# ^ ^ 
§3IT t ^
There's a little bit of SAIL in everybody's life

 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Steel Authority of India Limited 
Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2023 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL TULSIANI – DIRECTOR FINANCE – STEEL 
AUTHORITY OF INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHISH KEJRIWAL – NUVAMA WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Steel Authority of India Q1 FY '24 
Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth Management. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Wealth Management. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Thanks, Zico. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, we 
welcome you all for the Q1 FY '24 post results con call of Steel Authority of India. We are 
delighted to have Mr. Anil Tulsiani, Director Finance, along with his team. Now I would 
request Mr. Tulsiani for his opening remarks and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Over to 
you, sir. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Thank you, Ashish. Good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to the 
investor con call on the financial results for Q1 financial year '24 of SAIL. Let me begin with 
the economic scenario. I would like to first apprise you on the economic scenario in which we 
have been operating currently. The global economy continues to be impacted adversely due to 
inflationary pressures and the monetary tightening policy by the central banks across the globe. 
The hopes that emerged from the opening of Chinese economy have also not been fulfilled.  
On the steel front, as for the data published by the World Steel Association, the global steel 
output during H1 of calendar year '23 has registered a decline of 1.1% over CPLY. However, 
as per the April '23 short-term outlook, demand is projected to grow at 2.3% and 1.7% in 
calendar year '23 and calendar year '24, respectively. By this, it can be inferred that the 
demand will improve in H2 of calendar year '23. 
 
The Indian economy, however, fared better, registered a GDP growth of 7.2% in financial year 
'23. The domestic steel industry also outshined its peers again, with production growing by 5% 
and consumption increasing by 13% during financial year '23 over financial year '22. The 
current financial year so far has been and -- has seen an increase of around 11% in both 
production and consumption. 
 
The financial year 22-23 gone by, was ruled by higher prices of input, especially imported 
coking coal. During the current financial year, the prices of coking coal seem to have stabilized 
considerably with hard coking coal of Australian origin in the range of USD 230 to 250 per 
tonne. However, during this period, the steel prices have registered a significant fall of nearly 
15% over CPLY. 
 
The company performance for the quarter. SAIL has registered its best-ever first quarter 
physical performance during Q1 financial year 23-24. The production of hot metal stood at 
5.04 million tonnes as against 4.69 million tonnes in CPLY, a growth of 7%. Crude steel 
production stood at 4.67 million tonnes as against 4.33 million tonnes in CPLY, a growth of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 3 of 12 
 
8%. The saleable steel production stood at 4.40 million tonnes as against 4.08 million tonnes in 
CPLY, again, a growth of 8%. 
 
Now coming to marketing. The sales volume stood at 3.88 million tonnes as against 3.15 
million tonnes in CPLY, which is a growth of 23%. The domestic sales stood at 3.74 million 
tonnes as against 2.99 million tonnes in CPLY, which is a growth of 25%. The exports, 
however, have declined from 0.14 million tonnes to 1.1 -- to 0.14 million tonne from 0.17 
million tonnes in CPLY. 
 
On the financial front, the company registered a marginal growth of 1% towards CPLY in the 
sales turnover, which stands at INR24,093 crores during Q1 financial year '24, which is again 
the best-ever showing for the first quarter. The profitability, however, could not sustain the 
levels achieved in CPLY due to the declining NSR and increase in the coking coal prices on a 
consumption basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR2,090 crores while PBT and PAT 
stood at INR202 crores and INR152 crores, respectively. 
 
In the area of operational efficiency, the company has been making steady progress for 
reducing coal/coke consumption, increasing the use of CDI, bringing down the specific energy 
consumption and improving BF productivity. Continuing with the drive towards improving the 
product mix, the proportion of semis in the saleable steel production stood at 16%. By 
engaging conversion services in and around the plants and the demand sectors, the percentage 
share of semis in sales has been even lower at 8%. 
 
As a responsible corporate, we have been taking several measures for environment 
conservation over the years by focusing on reduction in carbon footprint. Specific CO2 
emission has reduced to 2.48 tonnes per tonne of crude sheet during Q1 financial year '24. At 
the same time, solid waste utilization has gone up in excess of 100%. Other drivers like zero 
liquid discharge, eco-restoration of areas, regions around the plant and mines, plantation of 
trees and saplings, use of alternate sources of energy like hydro power and solar power, 
etcetera, will continue as we move towards sustainable and green steel. 
 
The company has been engaged in numerous CSR activities across the country and primarily 
in the vicinity of our plants and units. The activities are undertaken in conformity with the 
Companies Act as well as the DPE guidelines. The company expects to gain from lower cost 
of imported coal procured during the period April to June '23. Now with the prices of coal 
stabilizing and outlook positive for the sustained growth in domestic consumption, we are 
hopeful the realizations and consequently the margins will improve for the company. Further, 
we are also expecting benefit of price revision of rails by the Indian Railway. This will add 
straight to the bottom line of the company. 
 
With these words, I hand it back to Mr. Kejriwal for opening the Q&A session. I'm sure you 
all have a lot of queries on the performance. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one is on the coking coal of -- essentially. So if you 
could quantify the coking coal cost in this quarter. And what kind of decline you are building 
in for Q2? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. The coking coal -- imported coking coal as per our Q1 is in the range of INR28,000 and 
the indigenous coal at around about INR12,000. The average comes to around the INR25,800. 
And we expect in the imported coal, a reduction of roundabout INR4,500 to INR5,000 in the 
coming quarter. 
Amit Dixit: 
INR4,500 crores to INR5,000. So what would be the blended cost in for INR25,800? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Basically, we are having around 85% of imported and 15% of indigenous component in it. So 
we can just say that it can be around about -- the domestic will be in the range of INR12,500 
and the imported at INR25,000 -- INR23,000, INR24,000. So it will be in the range of -- it 
should be around about 22,000. 
Amit Dixit: 
Got it, sir. The second point is that we have seen that debt level have gone up if I look at the 
borrowing, it is INR29,414 crores. While I understand that this might be a quarterly 
phenomenon because of building up of working capital and all, so is this the peak level debt 
that we can assume for sales at least in the near term because coking coal prices have also 
come out and that should get reflected in our profitability? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. Actually, this -- there has been an increase of around INR3,000 crores in this particular 
quarter. Basically, what happened is that, that has gone up, but our payables have come down 
to that extent. So that's the reason for the payables coming down. Again what we have also 
mentioned, that is because of the coal prices. 
 
So now what we see is that we have also observed one more thing. In the month of July, the -- 
even in the month of June and in the month of July, there has not been much of an increase in 
the borrowing. And August also, we are seeing that for the same term. So we are hopeful that 
the borrowings will come down. It may not be in the second quarter to that extent, but maybe 
from the third quarter it will start coming down. And we are hopeful that by the end of this 
financial year, the borrowings will be around about INR4,000 to INR5,000 less. 
Amit Dixit: 
So from the current level... 
Anil Tulsiani: 
May, not from the current level. We feel that it should be from the beginning of the year, from 
the beginning of the year. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. So you said from the beginning of the year, 3,000 to 4,000. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
It should be in the range of the year, 22,000 approximately. 
Amit Dixit: 
22,000. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Somaiah V. from Avendus Spark. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Somaiah V: 
So first question pertains to the domestic demand. So how are you seeing things from the 
domestic front? And how was the channeling of the situation? And also in terms of NSR 
moments, so are we close to the bottom for the season and do you think it's in the -- can start 
improving, your thoughts? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
There is a very good demand for steel as far as local demand is concerned. We have a very 
good demand of steel. It can be also seen by the figures for the Q1 also. There has been a jump 
of the sales of nearly 23% as compared to the CPLY. 
 
Regarding the NSR, yes, it's a matter of concern. But I think some sort of stability has been 
seen in the month of July and also in the month of August, though the July trend was also 
lower as compared to June. But there are obviously some resistance in the NSR now. So 
moving down further. So we are hopeful that maybe from September, August, second fortnight 
or maybe from September, things will start looking good for us. 
Somaiah V: 
Got it, sir. Second question is on the other expenditure. On a per tonne basis, it has gone up Q-
o-Q. So I mean, any color on the royalty expense? What was it last quarter? And how much it 
is and -- I mean, is there any other impact on opex that are... 
Anil Tulsiani: 
The royalty, in case of our Dalli group of mines, actually, what has happened is from middle of 
May, the royalty rates have gone up in case of listing, Dalli group of mines. But overall, there 
is a downward trend as far as royalty is concerned because we had an expenditure of 60 -- 
again, service expenditure of INR1,675 crores. 
In Q1 of 22-23, our expenditure is around about INR1,411 crores for this. But there is some 
expenditure increase as far as some power and fuel is concerned and a few other expenses. But 
overall, if you see our expenditure, our other expenditure has come down from INR7,279 
crores to INR6,814 crores. There is a reduction of around INR400 crores. 
Somaiah V: 
Got it. So one last question, if I may. Your production target for this year and also your capex 
plan. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
The production target for this year is 19 million tonnes, and our capex target is INR6,800 
crores. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
The first question on this capex is continuing. After the INR6,800 crores, what would you 
break up into maintenance? And how much are we spending on growth? And also from -- over 
the next 2, 3 years perspective, you're not starting any new projects. So what is our plan as far 
as growth is concerned because, eventually, we will kind of max out on capacity and might 
lose market share. So in terms of new projects and expansion plans, if you could just elaborate 
a little bit. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. Actually, our expansion plans include like having expansion in basically 4 major plants 
by 31-32. We have covered in-principle approval for our 2 plants to IISCO Steel Plant where 
we are envisaging capacity increase by around 4.5 million tonnes. And in case of Bokaro, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 6 of 12 
 
around 3 million tonnes. The DPRs are under preparation now. And we expect to come up for 
the Stage 1 approval of maybe existing plant by -- you can say the third or maybe the fourth 
quarter, third quarter or the fourth quarter of 2024. Bokaro also may come out -- come up in 
the similar time line. Durgapur also we are on the verge of finalizing our product mix for the 
particular plant. So these 3 plants will be going ahead with the expansion plan. 
 
Now regarding these -- the expenditure of INR6,800 crores, what we are initiating, this is 
basically for our existing schemes and some replacement schemes, like coke ovens and all, 
which we have to replace over the period. Once the lifecycle is over and again, like going for 
rebuilding of Coke Ovens and some other major schemes, which are like the casters are there 
in Rourkela steel plant and SMS is there. So we think our expenditure will be mainly -- we will 
be concentrating on these schemes for expanding our - incurring our capex. 
 
But yes, one thing is there that, besides these expansion in this plant, we are also initiating our 
ramping up our existing capacity to the extent of 3 million to 3.5 million tonnes. This is how 
we are going to arrive at that and with this capacity of around 35 million tonnes, like '30/'31. 
So this particular 3 million tonnes, the expenditure for that also starts from this. It will be 
carried off for the next few years. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So this -- I mean, in terms of maintenance, INR4,000 crores, INR5,000 crores per year 
should continue… 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. It should. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And I should say -- and as far as all this entire 15 million tonne of growth is concerned, so that 
will be over and above this capex. What could be that ballpark number, sir? I mean what could 
be a peak capex in a year? So next year, should it be around 8,000 cores, INR10,000 crores? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. It should be -- provided the -- see, what happens is it depends on the order placement. 
And you must be also aware that whenever we place the orders in the initial first years, it is 
wrong but the expenditure is almost 10% to 15%. And in the second and third year, it speaks to 
around about 20% to 25%, and then it goes -- when it starts coming down after that. So that is 
the normal thing. So it entirely depends on how fast we can place orders for our expansion 
there. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood, sir. That's very clear. Sir, there were news flow with regards to restart of the VISL 
plant apparently under some social pressure. So what would be the operating losses once we 
restart this plan? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Actually, the – I would not call -- like we haven't got any guidance of restarting this plant or 
anything like that. But yes, there are some losses, which we are incurring. In the quarter, we 
have incurred a loss of around about INR15-odd crores. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. And just one last question. So we've been carrying this iron ore inventory 
since long. And over the last many quarters, we have seen -- we are hardly able to sell 
anything. There's some INR4,000 odd crores of noncurrent inventory sitting on our books. Sir, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 7 of 12 
 
any plan to write off this eventually, given -- I mean it's been quite a few long period that 
we've not been able to sell? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
See, basically, this inventory, whatever we have got is not exactly for sale also. Like it is for 
our internal consumption also for which we have laid out plans for ourselves, for the major 
inventory is in Gua mine. So the inventory is there in Gua mine, it will be basically used for 
our own pellet and beneficiation plant, which we are planning to set up out there through an 
MDO. 
So the majority of the consumption will go there. Of course, we will try to -- whenever we get 
a good opportunity and we get a good price for this product, we may try to sell it in the market 
also. But some clearances are awaited from the government, state government. So once we get 
the clearance, we'll take a call of how much consequently we can sell in the market. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, I have 3, I'll restrict to 2. Sir, first question is you indicated coking coal decline of 
INR4,000 on a sequential basis. Sir, can you indicate how much would be the indicative NSR 
moment for flats, longs and on a blended basis? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Ahead the future, it's very difficult to predict the future. But as compared to the previous 
quarter, that could be marginal, you can say. So far, there was a decline. There's a decline on 
this thing. Around about -- you can say around about INR800 to INR1,000 decline in there. 
And -- but let's hope that, in fact, the -- as I was talking about it earlier, the certain fragment of 
August and September, if things pick up. So may be -- we may be at par with the Q1 NSR. 
 
Yes, regarding this differential of NSR of flats and longs, during the previous quarter, there 
was a difference of around about INR3,000. So we hope that with longs being lower and the 
flats being higher. So we are just hoping that, as we mentioned, that goes off and others start 
picking up, so we may see some improvement in the NSR on long side. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is, do we under still authority of India have any stainless steel 
assets? If yes, what is the capacity utilization level of profitability? And what are the 
incremental plans? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes, we have got a – in our Salem Steel plant. We have got the stainless steel building 
capacity. But then what is happening is off around of 180,000 tonnes. And -- but it's not only 
just for stainless steel. We also have -- we also roll mild steel out there. So that product has 
also been produced out there. And overall, we have incurred a loss of around INR60 crores in 
Salem Steel Plant for the quarter 1 23-24. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
You have mentioned about the improvement in the CDI and the blast furnace productivity. 
CDI has actually improved from 85 kg per tonne in FY '23 to 104 kg per tonne. So what are 
the steps that have been taken to improve it? And how far we see this improvement 
continuing? So what could be the target rate for FY '24 and '25 or the CDI consumption? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. The CDI, basically, what has happened is that last year, there were some challenges of 
getting CDIs. But this time, we have got some good tie-ups for CDIs. We have got our -- some 
resources from Russia also, focus from Russia. So we are planning to increase it further. 
Actually, our operation budget has certified that it will be in the range of 110 to 112, and we 
are operating at 104. 
So basically, the target is that the larger blast furnaces, whatever we have, we would like to 
maximize the CDI so that the operating efficiencies of the blast furnaces go up. So we have -- 
we feel that this target of 112, it can be fulfilled for the financial year '23/'24, which will be 
quite a big jump. And this will subsequently have an impact on the corporate, which will come 
down to a very large extent because of that. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
One more question was about the capex -- debottlenecking capex for 3 million tonnes to 3.5 
million tonnes. So in terms of the project approvals and order placement, when do we expect 
that to start? And what could be the time line of delivering on this 3 million to 3.5 million 
tonne increase at the existing projects? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. The time spent for this is 3 to 3.5 years. And we have quite a few projects, which we have 
already sanctioned at the Board level. Like we have also sanctioned the increasing the capacity 
of the blast furnaces at Durgapur and Bokaro, and because that having the clusters at Rourkela 
Steel Plant. These are all sanctions that -- and also, of course, we are having standard batteries 
in some of our plants. So all these, we have already cleared. And principle approval has been 
given by the board, and they are under tendering. And most probably, we should see that by 
the end of this year. We can place orders for them, so that the cash flow -- cash outflow for 
them start from next year. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
And would this come after 3 to 3.5 years? Or will it come in sort of the phases? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
It is on phases because there will be some -- which will be commissioned probably, and I say 
they'll be in a span of 1 to 1.5 years and some like standard battery, which will normally take 
around about 30 to 36 months to have a production. So it will come in phases. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from PhillipCapital. 
Vikash Singh: 
Sir, I just need a little bit clarification. In previous calls, you have always said that you would 
go by plant-by-plant in terms of new capex and road map, try to do everything in one go. But 
right now, you just said that on 3Q and 4Q, the IISCO Plant, Bokaro as well as the 
debottlenecking capex would start. This is like 13 million tonnes in one go or running 
concurrently. So just wanted to understand is there any change in our approach to capex or we 
are understanding it differently? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
It's absolutely what we are saying that we will continue going in phases. See, what happens is, 
here, at the moment, we have this -- for example, we take IISCO Steel Plant. IISCO Steel Plant 
is now coming up immediately. So probably, even like we get this phase on approval by, say, 
the end of the third quarter or in the fourth quarter, and we start tendering for that. So it's a 
very big project where we will be having 4.5 million tonnes. So the order placing of that will 
take substantial size. But at the same time, Bokaro where there is -- you can have brownfield 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 9 of 12 
 
sort of project. So the time for that for placement of orders will take less maybe. So maybe 
Bokaro Plant, the expansion will start immediately, and the IISCO Steel Plant will start maybe 
a bit later. 
 
So overall, if you see, there will be a 6 months to nearly 12 months lag between all these 
things. But then overall, our sector was to complete all our expansion of all the 4 plants by 31-
32. 
Vikash Singh: 
Understood, sir. And sir, is this debottlenecking plan also include the pellet capacities, which 
we wanted to put to use our iron ore fines or those are separate? And if you can give us some 
idea about the status of those plants. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Actually, we have got our pellet plants we have envisaged at basically 3 or 4 locations now. 
One is at July, where we are already -- we have already placed order for a pellet plant of 1 
million tonnes per annum capacity on boo basis, where the operator will come and install the 
plant and then give us the pellets. 
 
Then we have envisaged one more 4-million-tonne plant, which will be at Gua Mines. So this 
is also on an MDO basis. And this, we expect that by, you can say, like '24, mid or something, 
we should be able to place order for MDO. And when we come to -- there is another 2-million-
tonne plant, which we are initiating at Rourkela Steel Plant. 
So this also is in the tendering stage. So these are the 3 plants, which are there. And when we 
are having this expansion plans, when we're having this modernization, so we are also 
contemplating plants in IISCO Plant also. And maybe also if you find there is a shortage for 
pellets, maybe either in Durgapur or Bokaro. 
Vikash Singh: 
Understood, sir. And sir, just one -- second question. This pertains to our provisional pricing of 
INR1,768 crores, which we have taken. This is a benchmark to what we did basically. Just 
wanted to understand if this pricing is at par with current spot prices or lower or higher? And 
what's the gap basically? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Are you talking about the rail prices? 
Vikash Singh: 
Yes, sir. Just fourth number of basic... 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Okay, okay. I will explain it you. See, what happens is that the rail pricing, it is normally 
finalized by the railways with us. The time lag between the financial year for which the prices 
are to be fixed and the actual price when it is fixed for the railways, there's a time lag of around 
1.5 years. So what happens in between is that at the beginning of the year, we approach the 
railways to give us an ad hoc rate. 
So when we give, we ask for this ad hoc rate. That is the price which is approved by the 
railways. And based on that, we do our invoicing to them. So this amount is basically on that. 
So for the current year, 23-24 -- in the year -- in April '23 or May '23, you can say, the fixed 
price for 22-23. So that price is still carrying on in 23-24. So that is what I can mention out 
there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Vikash Singh: 
That's what I understand, sir. I just wanted to know whether this benchmark prices or the ad 
hoc prices, which was given to you is lower than the current spot prices or higher? So... 
Anil Tulsiani: 
It is much lower. It is much lower. 
Vikash Singh: 
So there is a provision for getting extra money into... 
Anil Tulsiani: 
And that will straight away improve our bottomline. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pallav Agarwal from Antique Stockbroking. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
I had a question on the employee cost. So this quarter, we've seen a lower employee cost 
compared to Q4 and even compared to last year. So what is the guidance for the full year that 
we have? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Guidance will be that probably -- it will be in this range only around -- you can say, by the 
year-end, we may have it at round about INR11,500 crores or something like that, INR11,500 
crores to INR12,000 crores. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Okay. So probably... 
Anil Tulsiani: 
See, you must have compared to the last quarter. In the last quarter, normally, what happens is 
we take some -- we do the actuarial valuation. And at that point, the actuarial valuations have 
done at that point of time. So sometimes there is a higher impact of that. That was the reason 
why in Q4 of '22/'23, the salary and wages were higher to some extent. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir, also on the sales volume for this quarter. So you mentioned that demand continues 
to remain strong, but it seems we have built up some inventory in the quarter because saleable 
steel production was higher than the sales volume. So what kind of inventory finished steel in 
carrying right now? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes, it is around about 1.4 million tonnes. It's around 1.4 million tonnes. See, always what 
happens is that at the year-end, there is a lot of emphasis on clearing the stock and people are 
also interested in trying to achieve the MoU target. So the inventory normally comes down by 
the year-end. There is a stock buildup. There is a stock buildup of around 3.5 lakh tonnes in 
this particular quarter. But we are confident that we'll come back to the levels of March '23 by 
March '24. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Raashi Chopra from Citigroup. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Just coming back to the realizations. Could you just give us the NSR for the flat and long in 
the quarter versus the fourth quarter, please? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
For this quarter, the flats were in the range of 57,700. And the longs were in the range of 
55,000. For Q4, I'll just try to get the figure. I will give it to you offline. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. And you indicated that in the current quarter, which is 2Q, prices hopefully should be 
lower by about INR1,000 and the coking coal prices should be lower by about INR4,500 to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 11 of 12 
 
INR5,000 on your imported coal side. So essentially, we are talking about a reasonable 
EBITDA per tonne expansion. Is that a fair assumption? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
You can say so. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Okay. Then just on the capex side, out of the INR6,800 crores that you mentioned, how much 
of that is -- or do you have like a breakdown on how much of it is maintenance, how much of 
it is going into the debottlenecking? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
The maintenance should be around about INR1,500 crores to INR2,000 crores, which is 
normally the maintenance which we have. The next -- the remaining should be in 
debottlenecking. And besides this figure, whatever is there, this also includes the expenditure 
because this is a target which is fixed by the ministry for us. So this is a MOU target where the 
expenditure incurred by our JV has also forms a part of it. Our proportion of the share in the 
JV to that extent the capex, whatever is incurred by the JV, is also shown as a part of this. So 
there is some component of the JVs also, which is also in the INR6,800 crores. 
Raashi Chopra: 
Is that a significant number? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Not much. 
Raashi Chopra: 
And what was the capex in the first quarter, sir? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
INR920 crores. 
Raashi Chopra: 
And just last question for me, sir, just in terms of the expenses for the moment, there is a 
sweating of 3 million, 3.5 million tonnes. IISCO, 4.5 million tonnes, 3 million tonnes at 
Bokaro, right? That's what's in the pipeline. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aditya Welekar from Axis Securities. 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Let this be the last question, please. 
Aditya Welekar: 
So in terms of these expansion projects that we are planning, so any thoughts on raw material 
integration means, particularly on coking coal? So the proportion of backward integration, will 
it remain the same currently what we have or you are planning to explore more in terms of 
coking coal exploration as we go for higher steel production targets in the coming decade? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
See, we have got Tasra mine, which is in that Jharia coal belt. So the board has cleared the 
proposal for that for having it run by an MDO. So this is basically a place from where we'll get 
about 1.6 million to 1.7 million tonnes of coking coal. So this is one area, which we are 
planning to get additional indigenous coal. 
And of course, we are here also on the lookout of getting much more coal from BCCL and 
requesting them to set up washeries to have it converted through washeries and supply to us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steel Authority of India Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
Page 12 of 12 
 
So basically, if you see, our target is around about at least 20% of indigenous coal in our entire 
coal mix. 
Aditya Welekar: 
Understood. Sir, the next question remains for the -- as we are going for a capex intentions 
again. So from a capital allocation perspective, any deleveraging target you have in mind in 
medium to long term? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
Yes. This time, we expect the borrowings to come down by around INR4,000 crores. We are 
expecting that much. So the thing is that -- but of course, again, it depends entirely on how the 
coal costs move during this quarter and also the NSR. But otherwise, we're optimistic that we 
should bring it down to INR22,000 to INR22,500 crores. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-answer session due to time 
constraints. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Kejriwal for closing 
comments. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Yes. I understand there was a shortage of time, and 3, 4 people are still in the queue, but I'll 
request them to reach out to us or to Investor Relations for the questions. Sir, any closing 
remarks which you want to give? 
Anil Tulsiani: 
It's just that the company remains committed to improving operational efficiency. And with the 
market expected to be more benevolent in the coming quarters, I'm hopeful that the good times 
await us and our investors. Thank you. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
