 
 
July 26, 2023  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2023  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on July 21, 
2023, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended  
June 30, 2023, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2023.07.26 
16:22:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q1 FY2024 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: July 21, 2023 at 16:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kshitij Agrawal – Investor Relations Team 
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Kshitij Agrawal: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of IndiaMART 
InterMESH Limited, I welcome you all to the Company's Q1 FY 
2024 Earnings Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole-
Time Director; Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking 
in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer Slide 
Number 3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Dinesh. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Kshitij. Good evening, everybody and welcome to 
IndiaMART's FY 2024 earnings webinar. Sorry for the slight delay 
in starting. I hope you guys can hear us clearly. We have already 
circulated our earnings presentation which is available on our 
website as well as on the stock exchanges website. I'm sure you 
would have gone through the presentation, and I would be happy to 
take any questions afterward. I'm pleased to report that IndiaMART 
have started this financial year on a positive note, with about 26% 
year-on-year growth in collections to 321 Cr and 25% growth in 
deferred revenue to 1,202 Cr. Revenue from operations also grew 
by 26% to 282 Cr. Total traffic and resulting unique business 
inquiries on the platform remained stable.  
 
 
On the People front, we added about 238 new people, new 
employees, across sales servicing, product and technology in this 
quarter. We will continue to make these investments in 
strengthening our organization to leverage the growth opportunities. 
In this quarter, we decided to withdraw discount in our entry-level 
packages and restored the prices to the pre-covid level. Due to this 
change in the prices, our net customer addition of 5k was lower than 
our guidance. It would take us at least one more quarter to normalize 
the impact of this pricing. We should get back to our guidance of 7k 
to 8k net customer additions per quarter from Q3 onwards.  
 
 
As you may have noticed, we have expanded our Board with the 
addition of Mr. Aakash Chaudhry. Akash is an entrepreneur, co-
founder of the Akash Educational Services Limited. He successfully 
scaled up Akash Institute before selling the business to Byju's. We 
look forward to working with him closely and benefit from his 
experience.  

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
Before I conclude I would like to say that we have reviewed our 
capital needs in this quarter and approved distribution of surplus 
funds of Rs. 500 Cr to the shareholders by way of buyback. This 
buyback remains subject to the approval of shareholders. Overall, 
we stay confident of growth on all important metrics, as we see 
improving macro-environment, increased adoption of internet by 
businesses.  
 
 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh for update on Busy Infotech. 
Thank you and over to Brijesh.  
 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Hi Good evening, everyone. Busy has delivered a billing of 23 
Cr in the Q1. This represents a YoY growth of about 94%. The 
revenue from operations have grown by about 26% to 13.5 Cr and 
the deferred revenue has grown by 57% to 36 Cr. The EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at 3.1 Cr, which is a margin of 23% and the net 
profit for the quarter was 3.6 Cr. We generated positive cash flows 
of 11.1 Cr during this quarter and we've also sold 9,000 new licenses 
in Q1 itself. Now the total count is up to 340,000 licenses at the end 
of June 2023. The overall performance has been in line with our 
expectations, and we are focused on increasing our growth rate as 
we had suggested last time and hopefully, we are on track to achieve 
that.  
 
 
 
With this, I will hand over the call to Prateek, so that he can talk 
about the financial performance.  
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Good evening, everyone. I will take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ending June 2023. Consolidated 
collection from customers and revenue from operations grew by 
26% each to 321 Cr and 282 Cr respectively. Deferred revenue for 
the quarter stood at 1,202 Cr, an increase of 25% on a year-over-
year basis. IndiaMART standalone collection from customers for 
the quarter were at Rs. 298 Cr and revenue from operations stood at 
Rs. 268 Cr registering year-on-year growth of 23% and 25% 
respectively. Our growth in revenue was primarily driven by 16% 
increase in paying subscription suppliers and 8% improvement in 
ARPU due to higher monetization. Deferred revenue were at 1,165 
Cr representing a YoY growth of 25%. 
 
 
IndiaMART standalone EBITDA stood at Rs. 76 Cr, representing a 
growth of 27% YoY, and margin of 28%. Consolidated EBITDA 
was at Rs. 77 Cr representing a margin of 27%. Our consolidated 
net profit grew substantially to Rs. 83 Cr as compared to June last 
year, primarily due to changes in fair value gains on treasury 
investments. Consolidated cash flow from operations was Rs. 91 Cr  

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
and cash and treasury balance stood at Rs. 2,394 Cr as at the end of 
this quarter.  
 
 
The buyback proposal as approved by the Board is for buyback up 
to 12.5 lakh shares at price of Rs. 4,000 per share for an amount not 
exceeding Rs. 500 Cr. This is proposed to be done via tender offer 
route with pro rata participations from the promoters and the 
promoter group. As this accounts to roughly around 24% of the 
share capital and reserves and approximately 2% of total paid up 
equity shares, the proposal remains subject to the approval from the 
shareholders.  
 
 
Thank you very much. We are now ready to take on the questions.  
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Kshitij Agrawal: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panelists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the chat menu, and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the 
participants. We will wait for a couple of seconds while the question 
queue assembles. 
 
Operator: 
First question is from the line of Manish Gupta from Solidarity 
Capital. Hi Manish, please go ahead with your question. Manish, 
you are on mute.  
 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. The first 
question is for Prateek that if you look at your revenue to collections 
ratio, FY22 and in FY23, it is about 80%. Is my understanding 
correct that all your selling cost is written off in the same year 
because there's nothing in prepaid expenses in selling cost. And 
therefore, if one will follow the matching principle of selling cost 
apportioned to revenue proportionately, under IFRS your reported 
margins will expand by 4% or 5%. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Manish to answer your question, the financials what we have 
reported is as per the IndAs, which is pretty much in line with the 
IFRS. So, what it talks about is that essentially any cost that you 
incur needs to be recognized upfront. Since, you know, we pay 
upfront for the customer acquisition, which is primarily a selling and 
distribution costs, we recognize the entire cost upfront and 
depending upon the period of the contract the revenue gets 
recognized. So, your point is correct that from looking at a pure 
matching perspective, of course, the costs are taken upfront while 
revenues are taken over a period of contract.  
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Not all the costs because there are servicing cost also, and the 
servicing costs would be commensurate to the revenue recognition. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Yeah, my point was only on selling cost, which is about 20% of 
revenue. So, to the extent that all the selling costs are being 
recognized upfront, the true profitability is actually higher than 
reported profitability, right?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: That we calculate by way of the collection from customers, so 
there is a slide on collection from customers and collection margin. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
My second question was that our top 10% of customers are 
approximately 50% of revenue, and you have such extensive 
disclosures, is it possible to add a disclosure on gross additions and 
net additions of your top 10% customers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Top 10% customer is not directed inward or outward from there, 
it is just the total number of customers, which is 208,000 and top 
10% becomes 20,800 customers. So, the revenue recognized from 
those top 10% customer that is 46% in this particular quarter.  
 
Manish Gupta: 
Yeah, my question is, is it possible to report attrition in that bucket 
separately? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: That I anyway talked about because  when you say top 10% 
customer, and I said this multiple times that in our platinum bucket 
itself is greater than top 10%. Earlier it used to be almost equal to 
the top 10%. So, all of those customers are in the platinum 
subscription. And in the platinum subscription, our churn rates are 
less than 1% per month. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Okay. And my last question is that, will we see busy in a cloud 
format at some point in time? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agarwal: 
To that, there are two things that we are doing with Busy; one is 
to take the Busy desktop version and make that available on cloud, 
so essentially, it is a desktop version but it's the machine, which is 
hosted on cloud, which you can access using a remote desktop 
facility from anywhere. That is something which we are going to 
launch in the near future. The pure, let's say, Busy as a SaaS version, 
I think that is multiple years away because what has been created in 
the last 25 years at Busy, it will take many more years before we 
could fit it in a SaaS content. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Okay, thank you.  
 
Brijesh Kumar Agarwal: 
One more addition to this. We've already introduced a mobile 
app that connects with the Busy desktop, which means the data that 
is available to users on the Busy desktop is synced on the cloud, 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
which can be viewed using a mobile app. One can also now create 
orders, invoices, receipts, through the mobile app, which is synced 
back into the Busy desktop. So that's another product that we 
launched just a couple of quarters back. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you.  
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Manish. Next question is from the line of Ms. Ruchi 
Mukhija from Elara Securities. Hi, Ruchi.  Please go ahead with 
your question.  
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Sorry, Ruchi, we can't hear you.  
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. Firstly, 
we've seen for IndiaMART platform, the traffic has been static for 
some quarters, even the unique inquiries has been, I would say, 
range bound in the recent quarter. You're seeing that to reach the 
guidance of about 6,000 to 7,000 quarterly paying vendor addition, 
we will take some more time. So, in that context, the pricing increase 
in your junior most category that seems that it carries some risk. So 
here just want to understand what is the reasoning behind taking this 
pricing increase at this point of time? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, we were at Rs. 3,000 per month, or Rs. 30,000 per year 
pricing we introduced in September or November 2018 and we 
continued doing that until 2020 and then in 2020, we hit the Covid 
and a lot of micro and small enterprises were facing challenges on 
the cash flows. So that's when we gave the discount from Rs. 3,000 
to Rs. 2,500. So, if you really see what we have restored back is 
2018 September, October, November prices, which is not really 
increasing any prices at the bottom of pyramid. It is just going back 
to the old price, which we carried for almost one and a half years. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
And could you talk about was it effective throughout the quarter or 
it was taken in between the quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Started in the middle of the quarter. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
And was there any change in the conversion rate after the pricing 
increase, or we saw almost a similar run rate, even after the pricing 
increase? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, as I said, we had the productivity issues and that we have 
seen every time there is a change in the price, it takes three months 
to four months for productivity to get back to the previous levels. 
And you know we have only completed two months so far. I think 
in a couple of more weeks, the productivity should get back to the 
previous. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
I understood. Now second aspect I wanted clarity was on the 
buyback. We've made so welcome announcement, here just wanted 
to get more clarity. We've been announcing dividends at several, I 
would say, frequency. We've done buyback even last year. So, 
you've been rewarding or distributing cash flow to the shareholder. 
But is there some thought process where we put commitment and 
quantify how much on regular basis would we return capital to the 
shareholder?  
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Ruchi, thanks for your question. So, as a Company, if you see our 
track record, we've been using both dividend distribution and 
buyback for distributing the surplus funds. This buyback was 
primarily decided, because when we reviewed the funds, we had 
almost 2,400 Cr of cash balance as of now. And if you see in the last 
few years, we've been generating anywhere between 500 to 600 Cr 
of cash every year, including the income from treasury and the cash 
flow from operations. So looking at the cash flow generation as well 
as our own growth capital needs and the safety cash requirements of 
the business, we thought that this 500 Cr was the surplus funds 
which needed to be distributed to the shareholders and accordingly 
we proposed a buyback of 500 Cr.  
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
I understood and that’s helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Ruchi. Next in queue is Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. 
Hi, Anmol. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Yeah, hi. I hope I'm audible.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes, Anmol. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Yeah. 
Hi. 
Firstly, 
congratulations 
on 
a 
good 
buyback 
announcement. I had a couple of questions. Firstly, if I look at our 
paid supplier as a conversion factor, then we are at around 2.7% of 
the total supplier. Now historically, this has been in the range of 2.3 
to 2.5 odd percent. Now, given that the paid supplier growth that we 
are seeing for a longer term, which is 7,000 to 8,000 kind of paid 
supplier addition, and given that our total supplier additions has 
been a little bit softer than that, in terms of the growth rate, so we 
will surpass 3% kind of number on the conversion factor at some 
time. So, do you think that this is kind of which is sustainable in 
terms of the overall conversion factor? And what are the factors that 
or what are the things that we are doing to add on to the new paid 
suppliers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Worldwide in the classified space, premium classified space, you 
know anywhere between 2%-3% to 4%-5% paying subscriber base 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
is very common and very normal. If you see from our own angle, 
you know total GST supplier base is about 13-14 million today in 
the country, and out of that we probably have only got 20-25% on 
our portal, rest is non-GST of about total 75 lakh that we have. We 
do all kinds of things to make suppliers register with our portal. 
Many buyers, many people who come as a buyer first, they are given 
a “Sell on Indiamart” button from where they register, which is 
available on mobile app as well as our desktop, both.  
 
 
Apart from that, we have a field sales force of about 1,500 people of 
our own and 150 channel partners in different cities. They also have 
field sales force. And these people have a IndiaMART mobile ERP 
system on their app where they go and collect this information from 
the various wholesale markets, so that is another source. And third, 
we regularly visit all the trade fairs and collect any directories that 
are there and then do email marketing and telemarketing to them. 
We also run a freelancer program, which basically helps on the 
supplier registering. Many suppliers also call us on our reply number 
at 9696969696, so from there also we get supplier registration. We 
have been getting about 0.1 million supplier every quarter free of 
cost, and about 6,000-7,000 supplier per quarter or 8,000 per 
quarter. So that is fine, I think. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. Thanks for the detailed answer. Another thing that I wanted to 
understand is that this year we have added some 280 odd employees. 
Now last time, we indicated that for addition of 7000 to 8000 kind 
of paid supplier, we need to add some 120 to 130 employees to 
service them. Now the paid supplier addition has been a bit lower 
this quarter, despite that, the total addition in the employees has been 
higher. So, if you can indicate do you see that the paid supplier 
additions, maybe in the second half of the year will be much higher 
than 7,000 to 8,000? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It is more of a you know, planning and deployment and 
execution and since the price has been increased in the recent quarter 
and we believe that is the right thing to do and this productivity loss 
is a temporary two-three months loss and that might be the reason. 
So, we will definitely like to get back to our 7,000 to 8,000 number 
sometimes later this year for sure. Where the hiring of the numbers 
are concerned, people are to be hired and trained and deployed on 
the field, especially June-July is the time when a lot of campus 
hiring concludes after the examination, so you know plus minus 100 
here and there will continue to happen, I think. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. And lastly, from my end, just wanted to have understanding 
on the margin trajectory; how should we look at the margins 
particularly for FY24 and beyond as well? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: For FY 2024, I've been saying that the target is to see if we can 
reach 30%. Historically, pre-covid, our margin was 28%, which has 
increased from 12% to 16% to 28%. So, now, on a full year basis, if 
we can reach 28% and maybe towards the end of the year, if we can 
reach on a quarterly basis towards 30%, that should be our target. 
Going beyond, I think, you know as I’ve guided earlier also, these 
businesses typically operate in 25% to 35% margin, so I think we 
are at the middle of that, and we would like to stay that way to 
maintain our growth. If you see the operating leverage, that 
operating leverage was slowly playing out but then we we have 
saved the costs during the covid and then there is a sudden runoff of 
the cost because of the salaries in the market and we backfilled the 
people. I think we are fine at 30%. Let's see, once we stabilize at 
30%, how do we go from there. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure Dinesh. Thanks. Thanks for the answers. That's it from my end.  
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Anmol. Next in queue is Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Hi, Rahul, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, hi. I hope I'm audible.  
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Yes, please. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, you know just want to 
understand your experience, you shared a little bit about that, but it 
would be great if you could spend some more time on that. What is 
the general experience for you for this kind of a price hike impact? 
Is it on the new additions run rate basis and also increase on the 
existing monthly plans on the silver basis? So, if you could tell in 
both the aspect that what kind of impact you have observed and what 
is your past experience and your understanding how and when it 
should normalize back? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We don’t increase prices of the existing product; I mean existing 
means existing customers. Existing customers will pay higher price 
when it comes to next upgrade or next year renewal. So, for 
example, on the monthly scheme if you have taken a 2,500, as long 
as you don't churn, you will continue to pay 2,500, there is no 
increase on that. It is only the new customers who are coming in, is 
coming in at Rs. 3,000, so it is very incremental impact on the 
overall ARPU to begin with. Yes, over the year and a half or so, it 
starts to take overall impact, because if the entry level price is 
higher, then the upsell price is also higher, renewal price is also 
higher. So that is how we see it.  
 
 
So, the good part in our business is that any price hike that is taken 
in either package doesn't reflect immediately in the ARPU. So, if 
you see there is a consistent growth in the average revenue per 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
customer, year-on-year, despite the fact that we have actually 
reduced the price from 3,000 to 2,500 because some other packages, 
some other maybe Gold or Platinum, that's where we compensated. 
So, it's a mix of so many different packages and different customer 
vintage that is visible in the average revenue per customer. So, in 
the past also, we have seen that it takes typically two to three months 
or maximum to finally get back to the previous sales productivity. 
And once it stabilizes, then I think it builds up the base for both, it 
helps us reduce the churn from 2,500 subscribers and it also helps 
us increase the further upsell price from say 40,000 to 45,000.  
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Right. Yeah, thanks for that color. Just one more question 
regarding the sales cost which has also gone up 6% QoQ despite 
weak net addition, is it that we have also increased our channel 
partner commission along the lines of price hike? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Not really, because cost will go up probably because the 
productivity has gone lower, that is why you might be seeing it.  
 
Rahul Jain: 
But if the channel partners are monetized or you know 
commercialized based on the conversion, is it higher because our 
gross addition would be much higher and the net is lower, so we 
might have paid for a higher addition, but the net impact was lower, 
is that understanding right? You want me to repeat the question, sir? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, I don't have that answer upfront, maybe you can send us an 
email and then we can give you that answer because it is not 100% 
variable, because we do provide assistance, a minimum guarantee 
for channel partners and then there is a variable component. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
So, Anmol, I mean, half of our cost is essentially not completely 
variable, because there we pay on a per person basis and half of the 
cost you can say when we pay, it is completely channel partner on a 
per hosting basis, there also we do provide an early support to the 
channel partners depending upon their own vintage with us. So, 
therefore, it could be a mix of the things we will look into it and then 
we can come back to you with the detailed answer there. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And just one clarification to your earlier comment where you 
said the upsell plan prices are also revised up. Is that what you were 
trying to say? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, once we stabilize this, the upsell prices are also upwardly 
revised, because we have a stair-cased upsell approach. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. So, you're saying you would do it after some time or it is 
already implied, but would be relevant as these people progress into 
that plan? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: As these people progress in. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
So, the effective date would be what? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, it is not as effective date, because if you come in at Rs. 2,500 
your annualized cost becomes 30,000. So, your multi-year if you 
take a three-year package, it becomes Rs. 60,000.  
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, right. Yeah, so essentially what you're saying is that if you 
take a multi-year plan, that longer tenure discount also would have 
that revision would have happened even if I take a two-three-year 
plan versus what I would have taken a two-three-year plan earlier.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes.  
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah. Yeah. Understood, understood. And is there a way to 
understand what could be the addition to the EBITDA or revenue on 
a like-for-like basis because of this pricing impact on annual basis? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It will be very little because, to begin with, out of the 208,000 
customers, we would be adding maybe 2,000 customers per month 
on this new pricing. Imagine that is going to come at so 1% new 
customer is going to come at 20% higher so it's a 0.2% addition to 
the revenue to the additional collection per month. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. Okay, I'll take this offline. Thank you. And I'll join back the 
queue. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, Rahul. Next question is from the line of Mr. Abhisek 
Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Hi, Abhisek, please go ahead with 
your question. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for your time. Just quickly, on the price increases 
that you have taken, what is now the differential between the Silver 
and the Gold plan vis-a-vis what it used to be earlier?  
 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: The gold plan there are TrustSEAL Gold and there is Website 
Gold. So, Maximizer is about Rs. 60,000 per year and TrustSEAL 
is about Rs. 40,000 per year. And for you know multi-year, there are 
various discounts available. The price list is available on our 
website. If you go to the corporate.indiamart.com, the prices for 
various services are written there. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
 No, sir. Got it. So, my question was with regards to do you think 
this will lead to your customers kind of upgrading to a gold plan 
because you're bringing the pricing differential lower? Is that 
something that you are hoping for? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, I think as I explained earlier to Rahul Jain’s answer it has a 
cascading effect on your customers over a period of time and older 
customers coming up for renewal, so for them the pricing is passed 
on even more slowly because for somebody who came last year, at 
say, 27,000, we cannot suddenly charge 30,000, so we will probably 
take the price increase up in next renewals. So, typically, this price 
increase takes effect on the entire current customer base will come 
probably in three years’ time.  
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Also, Abhisek, actually this price increase is more of a restoration 
of the old price, rather than increasing the price from the levels 
where it was, so earlier also we were operating with the similar 
differential.  
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
 Got it. Got it. So also, with regards to the guidance in terms of 
adding new subscribers, the 7,000 to 8,000 number is it with regards 
to basically the full year as in you want to say that you would add 
between 28,000 to 30,000 new subscribers for FY24? Is that what 
you're trying to say? Because my understanding was that quarterly 
number was in the range of 8,000 to 9,000.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Quarterly number was in the range of? 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
8,000 to 9,000. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It was at 8,000-9,000, that way. Last time, we had revised the 
guidelines to around 8,000 and now I'm saying that we will try and 
do 7,000 to 8,000, so it is from now 9,000 earlier. Earlier we used 
to guide 8,000 to 9,000 which was correct for FY23 because in FY23 
it was the first full year of our expansion. Now, we have added about 
60,000 new customers in the last 18 months and those 60,000 new 
customers many of them are coming for the first-time renewal and 
first-time renewal rates are much lower than second-time renewal 
and then the third time. So, what happens is the churn rate base effect 
comes in. So, we have to go on a growth path and then consolidate  
go on a growth path and then consolidate because if we press the 
pedal heavily on the growth, the first-year churn will not let you 
grow beyond a certain point. So, you have to let the first-year 
customer migrate to second and third year and once that balancing 
happens and then you press the growth pedal.  
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood, sir. That is clear. But now if I look at the margin 
guidance that you're giving, 28% for the full year, so I'm actually 
struggling to understand given the kind of revenue growth that we're 
seeing, also you’ve earlier said that you will not need to hire too 
many new people. So, my model tells me that the margin uplift 
should be higher, right. So, I'm trying to understand is it that are you 
building in for more tech investment? Are you building in for more 
investment into CAC, are you going to to do SEO? If you could give 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
us some clarity on that then we'll also understand why the margin 
uplift will not be as much as it should be, I mean, when the other 
expenses are kind of topped out. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So effectively if you look at the margin lever, our past history is 
trending at 72%-73% quarter-on-quarter. We continue to invest 
behind newer technologies, also. The newer technology is far more 
expensive. We continue to move towards the cloud. Cloud is again 
far more expensive. So, honestly, on an overall basis, the first-year 
customer needs a lot more service effort, the upfront CAC also needs 
a lot more consideration of our site that is why I am a little afraid of 
giving you guidance above 30% because the cost pressure is 
continuing in the last 18 months, whether it is the salary cost 
pressure or whether it is technology cost pressure. It was completely 
different the first 18 months of the covid and then last 18 months. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood, sir. That is helpful. And one last question from my side 
if Brijesh sir can answer this. Sir, Busy, we are seeing a very, very 
strong ramp up right. So last year, your objective was to kind of 
consolidate what you had acquired. Is this year going to be an all out 
growth year? How are you looking at it? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
The guidance that we had actually given  earlier is that every 
single year that we spend at Busy, our aim would be to increase the 
growth rate and that has been achievable. So even in this particular 
year, we want to increase the growth rate in such. What you see in, 
let's say, Q1 is also a result of certain exceptional growth that we've 
seen in a couple of areas but what we can go ahead and confidently 
say that as we start to push for our own geographical expansion, we 
should be able to achieve better growth rates than what we've seen 
in FY23.  
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. Thank you so much. Congrats on a great set of results. Will 
catch up with you later. 
 
Operator: 
Thanks, Abhisek. Next question is from the line of Mr. Amit 
Chandra from HDFC Securities. Hi, Amit. Please go ahead with 
your question. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah, please.  
 
Amit Chandra: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, my simple question is, in terms 
of the growth that we're seeing in terms of the paid subscribers at an 
overall level, it's around 16% to 18%. But if I see the growth in terms 
of the various buckets, so in terms of Platinum Gold, so how has 
been the growth there in terms of the absolute number of customers? 
So, is it higher than the overall Company level or how is it trending? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Because if I see the ARPUs, they are going up, so there is a 
migration from monthly to  Gold to  Platinum. So, what is the 
parameters that will show us that there is a migration going on and 
also, in terms of what percentage of the customers upgrade every 
year? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, that is why we gave this top 1%-top 10% number, right, 
because we don't provide the exact Silver Monthly, Silver Annual, 
Gold and Platinum numbers but we do provide top 1%-top 10%.  
 
Amit Chandra: 
But that is in line with the overall Company because every time if 
you do top 10, then the growth rates for all three buckets is this for 
us, it's the same or, internally, how has been that tracking, so that's 
what I want to understand, in terms of absolute numbers.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We will discuss internally and maybe we will try to find one KPI 
that can help you decipher that. In general, if I want to give you the 
overall sense as of now, what is the mix, currently out of the two 
lakh customers, about one-fourth are on the Silver Monthly, about 
three-fourth on the rest of it. And similarly, if I looked at the 
Platinum and Gold customers, they currently account for about 50% 
of customer base, so I've given you all the three numbers. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And in terms of the upgrades how many of the monthly paid 
suppliers who are there on the platform for, say, like six months they 
upgrade to a higher package. So, what is that number if you can give 
any number that you can share there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So, typically, about 2% of the customer of the total base, 
typically, and that can range from manager to manager, from 
industry to industry, from city to city, anywhere between 1% as low 
as 1% to as low as 3%. But on the overall basis, approximately 2% 
customer base that we are able to get to upgrade from a monthly to 
annual or TrustSEAL, I think I would generally be happy.  
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And, sir, in terms of the monthly additions or in terms of the 
paid subscriber addition that we're doing, is it all in the monthly 
bucket or we add some customers directly to Gold, Platinum as 
well? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We don't add much customers to the Gold bucket, but between 
the Silver we aad about 60% on the monthly and about 40% on the 
annual. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And, sir, lastly on the price hikes that we have announced for 
the monthly subscribers, what is the price hike that we have taken 
ever in terms of Gold, Platinum in the past and is there any plans to 
increase price there in Gold, Platinum? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: That was clearly visible. If you see the top 10% customer 
revenue, I remember when we started giving that number it was in 
the range of Rs. 7 Lacs or so annually about so it has grown up 
almost by 30%-40%. Yeah, and the Gold top 10% customers used 
to contribute 40% of the revenue, now today there are contributing 
46% of revenue on a grown revenue base. So, the overall customer 
base as well as the ARPU in fact most of the ARPU gain would have 
come typically from the Gold and platinum, because if you see from 
FY 2018 has not increased any prices in the Silver. I've only given 
the discount during the covid and now we are withdrawing that 
discount. So, since September-October 2018, the silver monthly and 
silver annual prices are same. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, now, the last question is on the margins. So 
obviously, now we have seen some margin expansion, but if you can 
throw some light in terms of what proportion of the cost will 
increase in line with the growth in terms of the paid subscribers and 
what proportion of the costs will be inflation linked, in terms of 
overall cost I'm asking?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Let's go to the slide where we have those assumptions, functional 
P&L. See this particular slide can give you some idea how costs are 
associated, but things until FY20 were very different and post FY22 
things are very different, so let’s not take FY21 and FY22 as a 
benchmark and if you compare the FY20 versus FY24 now, or FY23 
now, it can give you the different cost structure that has been going 
into different segments, this particular slide. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
No, sir. But in terms of total cost what is actually growing  in line 
with the paying subscribers and from here on how do you see that 
cost structure in terms of fixed and variable?  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: We are looking at maintaining the margin and probably 
increasing the margin up to 30%. So, I don't expect the margin to 
expand very rapidly or contract very rapidly. I just expect the 
margins to stabilize at this level, particularly 28%-30% or 30%-32% 
and then we'll see what are the levers further. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Operator:  
Thank you, Amit. Next question is from the line of Mr. Sarang Sanil 
from RW Investment Advisors. Hi, Sarang. Please go ahead with 
your question.  
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Hello. Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first 
question is to Brijesh sir, then I'll come back to IndiaMART 
business. So, you said that Busy is planning to launch desktop cloud 
version, but I believe you already have a mobile app version which 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
updates real time and I believe it's through clouds, so why is it so 
hard to have a desktop cloud then? 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
See, when we have a mobile app which connects directly with 
the desktop application and the data is synced, the kind of activities 
that you're able to do in the mobile app today largely are related to 
viewing that data. In terms of entering transactions on vouchers, you 
have a limited number of vouchers that can be entered through the 
mobile app. However, there are organizations who have multiple 
offices, there are multiple people who are working remotely on the 
accounting system, and they need to have access to the same desktop 
software over a cloud machine and therefore, Busy Online actually 
makes sense for those kinds of customers. And therefore, the Busy 
Online which is desktop available on cloud is a product that services 
that particular segment where there is a need to access remotely at 
any point in time from anywhere.  
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure, sir. That was helpful. On the IndiaMART business side, is it 
possible to give a split between metros and rurals? Is it possible to 
give a volume split and values, can be on an overall 208000 also? 
And is it fair to assume that the Metro side has better margins? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think Metro side would have better margins because metros, as 
of 31st March this number is given, so paid suppliers from metro 
cities was 54%, while tier two cities had about 28% and the rest of 
India 18%. And rest of India used to be 10%, 12% if I remember 
pre-covid. We now have a better Tele presence and better channel 
presence. Now in terms of value, we don't have a split here, but you 
can assume that 60% of the collections or revenue would come from 
metro cities because metro cities would have a better and a deeper 
penetration of Gold and Platinum and a better ability to serve the 
customer. However, the rest of India, which is 18%, in terms of the 
customer base would only account for maybe 12% of the revenue. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Understood, sir. So just want to understand a little better here. So, 
what is that factor that the paid suppliers are seeing to stick with 
IndiaMART or the new suppliers coming at a higher ARPU now 
right because I can see in the past couple of quarters the traffic has 
been flat. So, this is regarding on the buyers engagement, traffic has 
been flat, registered buyers, which is not material, so active buyers, 
which is material that has been flat, unique business inquiries that 
has been flat. So, what is that one factor you think you would pitch 
to a new paying supplier? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: If we look at the active buyer base, there has been a jump from  
30 million active buyers yearly to 37 million active buyers in the last 
two years. Last two years means FY20 to FY22. However, we did 
not increase any customer base in those two years. We ended FY20 
at 147,000 and we ended December 2022 at 155,000 or so. So, this 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
whole 7-8 million additional active buyers have not been monetized 
and also this 7-8 million active buyers, which has been increased, 
their nature has changed. Their nature in FY20 and FY21 was mask, 
gas and sanitizer. Now those are gone, so there is no not much of a 
mask selling, not much of a gas selling or not oxygen selling. Now, 
these are back to the usual business, previous usual business. So, 
why you see this is flat, actually there is a lot of transition has 
happened from the shortage led demand to the broader industry 
demand. So, that also needs to be fulfilled and 37 million is huge, 
actually if you see in a B2B kind of scenario. If we can match them 
properly, i.e., a right buyer to a right seller, I think you can even 
double the number of sellers with the same buyer set. So, the 
problem is not that the people need more enquiries, the people need 
more relevant enquiries where the maturity can happen better. So, if 
you see we continuously work on enriching the buyer profile and 
making sure that the right buyer goes to the right supplier and by 
doing that, you actually do not need for any buyers to come back 
again and again on your platform, you actually get better maturity 
done. So, there are two ways to do it, either you start vertically with 
one small sector or one small industry, that's what we used to do in  
Tolexo or you start horizontal and then keep tweaking the buyer 
seller match making better and better and today, even more 
possibilities are emerging because earlier we could do that only on 
certain parameters. Parameters means defined parameters such as 
location, such as quantity or such as product category. Now we'll 
see advent of large language models in the artificial intelligence, we 
can actually do best analysis and do the matchmaking even better. 
So, in times to come you will see even further better deployment of 
machine learning algorithms using these large language models that 
have emerged to be able to do it in a specification level match 
matching or even the buyer profile level matchmaking. So, I'm not 
worried right now, but yes, if it just continues to remain the situation 
for two years or so then obviously the problem is a worry to us. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Understood, sir. So, you're not worried on the buyer side. So, my 
last lesson is, do you think generative AI or any of that application 
on that side would help in improving the margins on a medium to 
long-term perspective? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I don’t think generative would help but a lot of predictive AI will 
help and while the whole of the attention of the market is on 
generative AI such that it has a lot more impact on prediction, which 
was earlier very different and now it is very different because now 
unstructured data can do a much better prediction. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Got it, sir. Got it, sir. That was helpful. Thank you and all the best.  
 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. It has been a very engaging session. I would 
now like Dinesh to give his concluding remarks. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you Aditi. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for joining 
our Q1 FY 2024 conference call. We have tried to address your 
queries in the time available but if you still have any questions, 
please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team on the email 
ID given at the press release and the investor presentation. Thank 
you. Have a great Saavan, extended Saavan and extended holidays. 
Look forward to seeing you around Diwali. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude 
this webinar. Thank you very much. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
