 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: - June 6, 2023 
 
Listing Department/ Department of Corporate Relations, 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai, Fax- 022-22722037/39/41/61/3121/22723719 
Scrip Code: 532524 
 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 51, Fax- 022-26598237/38- 022-26598347/48 
Company Code: PTC 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
 Sub: Submission of transcripts of Audio recording of the Investors & Analyst Meet 
held on May, 22 2023 on the financial results for Q4FY2023 and FY2023 
 
In continuation of our letter dated May 27, 2023 in terms of regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find the transcripts of the Investors & Analyst Meet held 
through VC on May 30, 2023 on the financial results for Q4FY2023 and FY2023. 
 
This is also available on the Website of the Company at www.ptcindia.com. 
 
This is for information and record please. 
 
    Yours faithfully, 
For PTC India Limited 
Company Secretary 
FCS- 4998 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
PTC India Limited 
(Formerly known as Power Trading Corporation of India Limited) CIN 
: L40105DL1999PLC099328 
2nd Floor, NBCC Tower, 15 Bhikaji Cama Place New Delhi - 110 066 Tel: 011-41659138, Fax: 011-41659142 E-
mail: info@ptcindia.com Website: www.ptcindia.com,

 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
“Investor Call of PTC India Limited Q4 FY23 & FY23 
Earnings Call” 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. RAJIB KUMAR MISHRA – CMD, PTC INDIA LIMITED 
MR. HARISH SARAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PTC INDIA LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ GOEL – ED & CFO, PTC INDIA LIMITED  

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Investor Call of PTC India Limited 
Q4 FY23 & FY23 Earnings Call. 
The Management Team at PTC India is led by Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra – CMD, PTC. Dr. 
Mishra is accompanied by Mr. Harish Saran - Executive Director, PTC and Mr. Pankaj 
Goel - CFO at PTC India Limited. 
At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session. At that time, you may click on the Q&A tab on the left-
hand side of your panel to ask a live question. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra, CMD, PTC India, to make 
an opening statement. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Good afternoon, dear investors and analyst friends. 
FY23 for PTC India Limited was a year of consolidation and cleaning up of our 
accounts. If you have gone through our results, it is clearly visible from our results 
that our trading volume, we have increased our margin from a substantial number 
that is from 2.82 to 3.2 paisa per unit. Our short-term volume which mainly is from 
the exchange volumes has come down from 61% to 53%. We have always maintained 
that the right kind of balance for our portfolio is almost 50% from long term and 
medium term and 50% from shorter term market. And for in this year, we have 
achieved this to a great extent. Our advisory business has shown a very healthy 
growth of around 45% and we could earn a revenue of 57.54 crore. 
Now let me just share with you that this year, which has ended in the 31st of March 
was a year where we have seen international geopolitical tensions and the real shock 
of fuel supply throughout the world. Now during this uncertainty, some of the PPAs 
which we have signed was operating in the first quarter and to some extent in the 
second quarter was below par and that has led to the reduction of volume in some of 
the PPAs. Most important thing, as a prudent move, we have ceded all the volumes 
in the exchanges where we were getting a negative margin that is the cost to serve 
was more than what we used to earn from the trading margin and this was a 
conscious call. So, you can see very clearly that our exchange volume has come down 
drastically from 44.6 billion unit, which we did last year. And this year we have done 
29.49 billion unit. So, this was a conscious call, but that has helped us to consolidate 
our position in this market. 
Now one major change which we have seen during the year was a government 
directive or the surcharge payment that is late payment surcharge scheme, which 
came into operation from August 22 and if you have gone through our results, you 
must have seen that the surcharge earned, which was net of what we paid and what 
we got, there is a difference of around INR 170 crore, for the year, which is 
substantial. But what I would like to mention here, there will always be some of the 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
things which are not under the control of the company, and that is because of the 
changes in the  
 
government rules or the regulations which we get. And this was one thing which has 
little bit affected the profitability of the company. 
Our cash balance has increased considerably and the treasury income has increased 
almost to 6.6 times. Now this is something which I would like to mention that as 
because the sundry debtors have come down from INR 6700 Crore to INR 5400 Crore 
approximately, our liquidity position has improved drastically to around INR 979 
crores at the end of 31st March. These are all positive signs. Why I will mention it 
whenever I met the investors in the past, they always were a little worried that you 
have a significant outstanding in two of these states that is J&K and Bihar. I'm very 
happy to share with you that an outstanding which was around 1600 crore in J&K last 
year, we have a very manageable outstanding of less than 600 crore on 31st March. 
Similarly in the case of Bihar also, the outstanding is in very manageable level. And 
we are happy that the company is at a level where the borrowing for our working 
capital has come down drastically during this period. 
Now let me tell you something about our subsidiary company: 
For the first time, all the three companies, that is the holding company and the two 
subsidiary companies, PTC Financial Services and PTC Energy Limited has shown profit 
this year and the PTC Energy Limited, the concern which was of the tariff, which was 
not paid by Andhra Pradesh because of the legislative disputes between the Andhra 
Pradesh and the wind suppliers, has been resolved and High Court has given that in 
favor of the IPP’s. So, with that and the payment we have received from LPS scheme, 
we are in a very good position for the subsidiary company and let me share you one 
thing before you ask question on this. The monetization of PEL is very much on cards, 
expression of interest has already been issued and we have received a very good 
response from the bidders and it is expected to be closed by June end. So, with this, 
I feel that I have given my opening remarks. I'll hand it over to my CFO to tell you 
about the results more and then I'm open to answer your questions if at all you have. 
Pankaj Goel: 
Thank you, CMD sir, and good afternoon to all of you. Now, as CMD has already 
explained regarding the holistic business scenario which is prevailing in for the PTC or 
power sector as a whole, so I'll go through the numbers and we'll try to explain it 
further. 
First I'll go through the quarter wise result for the March 23 vis-à-vis the March ‘22 
Quarter: 
The volumes stood at 16.4 billion units compared to 17.3 billion units. As CMD has 
already explained, the volume was under pressure due to short term transactions, 
mainly at the exchange platform. There, margin is very low. However it has a positive 
impact on realization on weighted average margin per unit, which has actually 
increased to 2.91 paisa per unit from 2.46 paisa per unit during the last quarter. So, 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
what we mean to say that instead of a quantity, in this year we have we have actually 
eye on the quality trading. That is because our weighted average margin has 
increased from 2.46 paisa to 2.91  paisa per unit for the quarter. So, likewise, the 
profit before tax stood at INR 192 crore in comparison to INR 211 crore during the 
last quarter, again the PBT was under pressure mainly due to the surcharge income. 
So, as you are already aware and in the last call we have already discussed that during 
the year, MoP has come out with an LPS scheme whereby all our long outstanding 
dues have been cleared on an interest free equated monthly installment basis. Some 
of the customers have opted this scheme having a total outstanding of around 2,644 
crore. The company is regularly receiving the installment under the LPS scheme, 
resulting in better liquidity, which has already been explained by CMD sir that our net 
cash position as on 31st March was 979 crore. However, as these installment are 
without interest, he said, it has an impact on our surcharge income. So, likewise 
because of the liquidity position, our total debtors on a yearly basis has gone down 
from 6,771 crore to 5,437 crore. Likewise, the PAT is almost at the same level of 155 
crore during the quarter. The total other comprehensive income stood at 175 crore 
in comparison to 166 crore. During the last quarter, the increase in comprehensive 
income is mainly on account of  increase in the fair valuation of our equity investment 
in Teesta Urja Limited. Earnings per share stood at during the Quarter 5.25 in 
comparison to 5.27. 
Now I'll go through the year ended results: 
The volumes stood at 70.6 billion unit as compared to 87.5 billion unit. The reason I 
have already explained  while I was explaining the quarterly results, again profit 
before tax stood at 481 crore compared to 571 crore. Again, it was under pressure 
due to surcharge income, which I have already explained due to the LPS scheme 
notified by Ministry of Power. The profit after tax stood at 370 crore in comparison 
to 425 crore. The total other comprehensive income stood at 389 crore compared to 
435 crore. Earnings per share stood at Rs. 12.49 in comparison to Rs. 14.35. 
Now I'll go to the consolidated results: 
For the quarter, the volume stood at 16.5 BU compared to 17.4 BU. Profit before tax 
stood at 171 crore compared to 216 crore. Profit after tax stood at 129 crore 
compared to 157 crore. Total other comprehensive income stood at 149 crore 
compared to 167 crore. Earnings per share stood at Rs. 3.94 in comparison to  
Rs. 5.01 during the last quarter. 
And I'll go to the year ended consolidated results: 
Volume stood at 71.1 BU in comparison to 88 BU during the last year. Profit before 
tax stood at 680 crore comparison to 745 crore. Profit after tax stood at 507 crore 
compared to 552 crore. Total other comprehensive income stored at 527 crore in 
compared to 571 Crore, it almost remained at the same level. Earnings per share 
stood at 15.05 in comparison to Rs. 17.10 during the last year consolidated as a whole. 
Thank you very much. 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will 
move to our next question that is from the line of Mohit Kumra from Kumra 
Investment Company. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumra: 
So, sir, I just wanted more light on your investment in HPX. So, is that going as 
planned? Are you managing to take any market share from IEX? And what is your 
future plan regarding it? Because there is a catch 22 that if you are a 25% investor, 
you can't trade on it, and that is also a situation, right? You can't trade on it and you 
have to be a 5% investor to sell your stake and then. So, can you just give me some 
light on that investment please? Shed some light on it please. 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Thank you, Mohit. Very pertinent and relevant question which I wanted to touch 
upon, but you asked me this question. HPX is doing very well in recent times and on 
the product which they are in right now, that is Term Ahead Market. They are almost 
at par with IEX on several days and it is ahead of the other exchange that is PXL in that 
segment. To give you some more numbers, they have traded more than 4.5 billion 
units since the day it has started its operation, and in last 9 to 10 months. And every 
day it is improving its market share. So, that's really very encouraging. Let me tell you 
something about the prospects. Everything is in place. The exchange is doing very well 
and now they have more than 534 clients and on some of the days, it is having almost 
the equal volume compared to the leading exchange that is IEX. Important thing is 
now we are getting news that market coupling will be introduced soon and there will 
be a good opportunity for this exchange to get the benefit because of that. Your 
second part of the question was our investment in that. Right now, we are where we 
were and we are not decided what to do with our investment. It is a good investment. 
So, we have to keep it and that's what where we stand at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the meanwhile, while we wait for the question to assemble, we have a 
few text questions. Sir, should we go ahead with it? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Yes, please go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Yes, the first text question is from Manoj Alim Chandani. What is the reason for 
increase in Q4 standalone PAT earnings and fall in consolidated PAT earnings? What 
is the outlook in FY24 in total income margins pretax and post-tax? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: The CFO has explained the reasons. In the Q4, we are almost at par what we have 
done previous year and that we have already explained for the future we will try to 
see, but for the month of April and May as we complete, we are almost 21% up 
compared to last year's volume. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question that is from Nilai Kumar Raj as an individual 
investor. Are PTC promoter willing to sell stake to private energy companies as news 
circulated in the past many times? 
 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: We have clarified this in the earlier calls also and as you know that we have said 
always maintained the same position that PTC does not have any information of such 
development. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bharanidhar V from Avendus Spark. With the 
increase in power demand and supply crunch being felt in summer months in India, 
contracts which assure supply is likely to be more in demand. PTC India should be a 
natural beneficiary in this scenario. Is this the case? Is PTC India getting more inquiries 
to sign short term contracts? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: I just mentioned the factual statement for the month of April and May. Our volume 
as compared to previous year is almost 21% more than what we did last year. Beyond 
that, I will not be in a position to give more clarifications, but of course the traded 
volume is always higher if the increase in demand is more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next audio question from the line of Mohit Kumra from 
Kumra Investment Company. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumra: 
So, this question is regarding PTC Financial Services. So, I have a couple of questions 
on that. The first is for a long time there was this stated intention from the company 
to sell your stake in this company. Is that still on the table since last year's purported 
governance issues? And my second question is that if that is not on the table, does 
your company have any intention to put even more money into PFS now or is that 
now left alone, as was stated earlier by you? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Second part I will answer first. We have no intention to invest more in PTC Financial 
Services and we maintain the same status we mentioned in the earlier call that the 
divestment of PTC Financial Services is on pause and that means we are yet to take 
further decision on this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Manoj Alam Chandani. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Alam Chandani: 
At the outset, Mr. Mishra, let me congratulate you for the excellent performance and 
the good dividend you have declared, particularly in view of the huge challenges we 
have faced last year, particularly in terms of governance. Now it seems in the last 
couple of quarters with the clear disclosures, you have clarified on lots of governance 
issues and the improved results and dividend are really heartening. Now I would like 
to come on particularly two issues, this governance issues which was a big challenge 
from us, apparently due to vested interest from what we understand, are they behind 
us? Can we focus totally on business in PTC India, the flagship and also the 
subsidiaries, our PTC Financial because we keep on seeing there are apparently very 
negative articles in media coming regularly, which seems to be inspired or conspired 
and they raised negative issues and concerns about the company. We are a first-class 
company, very good professional management, very good board, particularly the 
current board in PTC India and PTC Financials is outstanding first class and far better 
than earlier boards. But still, even last week we saw some negative article about MCA 
investigation,  

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
SEBI investigations, apparently they are old issues or they are new  
issues. Can we focus on governance? One is this point; I would like you to clarify. 
Second thing, this PTC Financial was last two years because of the macro industry, it 
was in a down cycle. Now it has strengthened, cleaned up the balance sheet and on 
the takeoff stage as we can see in terms of the last 2 quarters performance and 
growth in business and NIMs which is happening and we also appreciate the 
reconstitution of the management team and new members coming at the board level, 
CFO level and Mr. Pawan Singh is doing an outstanding great job. With full 
transparency, he has been interacting with the investors, institutions and really taken 
it on the next stage. I would congratulate for that. So, we actually look forward to 
your clarifications, particularly in terms of governance, which is coming in the media. 
And another thing which is impacting our valuations. Last 10 years, we have seen PTC 
India, the valuation around the same level while the IEX and other companies are 
going far ahead and power sector is leaping in terms of multiples and we should be 
at least two times of book. If not higher, considering a clean balance sheet, also our 
working capital management is good, our customers are good and the business has 
got huge opportunities as you highlighted. This is one thing, and we also appreciate 
you coming on the channels, particularly the CNBC and other channels every quarter 
and actually sharing the truth in spite of negative stories in the press. Would like you 
to answer the question in detail if possible. 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Thank you, Manojji, for appreciating the efforts the company has made for the benefit 
of our shareholders. And as we have always maintained, we work for our 
shareholders and the stakeholders of the company. And let me just give you a 
confidence from this room on behalf of all the top management that the company is 
on the right path and we are doing a very good business and we are all focused 
towards the benefit of the shareholders in real spirit. Well, we have given the full 
disclosure in the annual accounts and you have must have gone through that and 
nothing beyond it and whatever was mentioned, if you have gone through the results 
and the disclosures, it is related to the earlier issues which came out when the 
Independent Directors have resigned and nothing new has come up anything after 
that. In that, I have nothing more to add because we have already submitted our 
disclosures both to the NSE and BSE and to our investors also we have informed. So, 
once again I can only give you assurance and confidence that the company is on the 
right track for the betterment of the company and is doing very well. 
Manoj Alam Chandani: 
Thank you for your answers. It's really heartening that all the issues are old and now 
we can focus on business. On this, I would see that we need greater institutional 
participation, mutual funds, foreign investors also, and they can really come in if the 
issues are behind us and higher engagement with you like in this call also I was 
expecting lot of foreign funds and mutual funds, PMSs. Apparently they are watching, 
but they like the sector. I would suggest the management of both PTC India and PTC 
Financial have a higher engagement with institutional stakeholders. So, the company 
and all stakeholders will benefit in terms of appropriate valuation and with this I 
would suggest thanks and all the best to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni from Almondz 
Global Securities. Please go ahead. 
 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Sir, this time PFS has declared the dividend. So, can we expect some interim dividend 
from parents also in the Q1 or Q2 going ahead? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Mangeshji, let me tell you that at this point of time, we have just come out with our 
annual results and we have given you a dividend of 78%. That is Rs. 7.80 paisa per 
share, and that's something which we can mention right at this point of time. 
Anything what will be done in next quarter or so we will be sharing with you at that 
appropriate time. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Thank you, sir, because after 2 years the PFS is back on the dividend list, that's why 
we were expecting. Thank you. 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead 
Investment Advisors. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Sir, can you please share the over dues which is dues beyond 45 days for Financial 
Year ‘21, 22 and 23? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: I'll request Harishji, our Executive Director, Commercial to please reply. 
Harish Saran: 
So, as far as I mean 23 is concerned, we have the total outstanding of 5,398 and as on 
31st March it was 6,739. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
And sir, what are the over dues like dues beyond 45 days because I am assuming that 
those must have reduced significantly and will be better able to understand. 
Pankaj Goel: 
As regards the ED, commercial has already told you the total debtors position as on 
the year end as regards the specific question of over dues debtor, so we always say 
that we always look at the debtors minus creditors, because that is the open position 
we take. So, as far as the open exposure is concerned more than 45 days is around 
only 363 crores as on 31st March, and out of that, we have already received 157 crore. 
So, the net exposure with regard to 31st March more than 45 days is around 206 crore 
and that is just only from, some amount from Bihar and some amount from J&K, that 
is all. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Sir, what was the similar number for September 22 and March 22, like 45 days over 
dues? 
Pankaj Goel: 
I'm sorry, this is the call for March 23, but if you need the other quarter details, Varun 
will note it down and will give you the information separately. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Sir, just one request like I have followed up earlier as well, but I was not shared the 
number so that's why I thought that this number, if it is shared over this call, it will be  
for the betterment of the whole investment community, everybody would be able to 
appreciate it. 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Pankaj Goel: 
You know that's you are right up to this point that because we are ready with the data 
for this quarter only. But we noted your request and I'll request Varun to share you 
with the relevant details. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Rajesh Shah as an individual investor. 
Sir with better mix of long- and medium-term contracts as compared to short term 
contracts, would the margin be improved in the current financial year? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Rajeshji, I mean what I have just mentioned that last year we made a serious effort 
and the margins have improved because we have improved the mix and low margin 
volumes we have seeded, so similar exercise we are doing for this year and prudent 
every day we are trying to see that the company is engaged in the services or the 
volumes where we have a better margin, so that's a continuous effort and what I can 
say at this point of time is these kind of continuous efforts may lead to some kind of 
a better results, but at this point of time it will not be appropriate that we should 
answer what is going to happen in the next quarter and beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next text question is from Narendra Kotia from RoboCapital. Can you 
give any outlook about the margins for the upcoming period? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Narendraji, I have just answered the same question so I will not repeat the same 
answer. 
Moderator: 
We have another text question from the line of Anshuman Ashit from Ambit. Sir while 
the appointment for the post of CMD has been closed, the appointment process for 
the post of Director is still open. Can you please share the update on the same and 
the timelines for the appointment? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: The process is on and it will be done shortly. That's what I can say because we these 
are some of the things which are with the NRC and the board, so already they are in 
the process and it will be done at the appropriate time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So, we have another text question from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from 
Bowhead Investment Advisors. So, what are the receivable beyond 6 months on 
March 23? 
Pankaj Goel: 
So, as I have already explained that we always see as an open exposure, so more than 
6 months, the open exposure is around only 261 crore as on March 23 and out of that, 
we have already received 150 crores, so around 100 crore is outstanding as far as the 
open exposure is concerned more than 6 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next text question is from Shubham Verma as an individual investor. Any 
updates on stake sale of PTC Energy? 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Shubhamji, I have just mentioned in my opening remarks that the process is already 
on and by 30th of June we will get the final bid from the potential investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now 
hand the conference back to Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 

PTC India Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Dr. Rajib Kumar Mishra: Thank you very much. And let me just before we close and call it a day, I once again 
thank all the investors and analysts who attended today's investor call and let me 
reassure you that the company is trying to consolidate its business and we have 
started some of the innovative things like we have an analytical lab which is fully 
functional now with the company and we are having predictive analytical tools which 
we are using for conducting our business which is going to help this company to a 
tech savvy company in future, and there we see a lot of future in the transition of the 
energy trading business and we are hopeful that with the new innovative practices 
what we have started couple of years back, we are in a process that we are a company 
which is delivering our services better than others and we have a clear differentiator 
when we are reaching to our customers. With these words, I thank you all once again 
that you have joined us for today's meet and we will be coming with our updates as 
and when required for the developments what we have discussed. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of PTC India Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
