XPRO INDIA LIMITED
xoroindia
,, 
...r....
aaatoaa
Biria Building (2nd Floor),
9/1, R. N. Mukherjee Road,
Kolkata - 700 001, India
Tel: +9 I -3 3 -40 8237 00 / 22200600
e-mail: xprocal@xproindia.com
i\Xay 30, 2023
National Stock Exchange of lndia l-td
"ilxchange Plaza",
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai400 ost
BSE Limited
Corporate Reiationship Department
1st Floor. New Trading Ring
Rotunda Building, P J Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
illumbai400 001
Stock Svmbol: XPROINDIA{EQ}
Stock Code No. 59_0013
Dear Sir/[/adam,
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quafter and vear ended March 31.
2A23
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obiigations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2A15, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call
with analysts and investors for the quarter and year ended ltlarch 31.2023 conducted on lVlay 23,
2423. The same is also available on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link:
http:/Awww.xproindia.com/l nvestor-Presentation. html
This is for your information and record
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Xpro India Limited
Kamal Kishor Sewoda
Company Secretary
Registered Office: Barjora - Mejia Road, PO. Ghutgoria, Tehsil: Bajora, Distt.: Bankura, WestBengal722202
Tel: +9I - 977530t701; e-mail: cosec@xproindia.com
CIN: L25209W81997PLC085972; www.xproindia.com
KAMAL KISHOR 
SEWODA
Digitally signed 
by KAMAL 
KISHOR SEWODA

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Xpro India Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2023 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SIDHARTH BIRLA – CHAIRMAN  
 
MR. C. BHASKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. HIMANGSHU BAKSHI – SENIOR PRESIDENT & CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
 
MR. VINAY KUMAR AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. KAMAL SEWODA – COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
 
ORIENT CAPITAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS PARTNER   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Xpro India Limited Q4 and FY ‘23 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in a listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during a conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note this conference call is being recorded. 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon 
our beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our 
future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhaskar, Managing Director and CEO. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, friends. I extend a very warm welcome to all participants to this Q4 
and FY ‘23 Financial Results discussion. I introduce myself as C. Bhaskar, Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer of Xpro India Limited. Today on this call, I have with me Mr. Vinay 
Kumar Agarwal, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Kamal Sewoda, our Company Secretary. 
I am particularly happy to have the attendance of our Chairman, Sri Sidharth Birla, who wishes 
to hear your views and our interactions firsthand. Also present is Mr. Himangshu Bakshi, our 
Senior President and Chief Operating Officer. Orient Capital, our investor relations partner, is 
coordinating this session. 
We are continuing the practice which we started last year of hosting an annual conference call 
for our investor community with the intent of keeping investors and analysts familiar with and 
updated about our annual results and relevant major developments. We have had opportunity to 
meet some of you at our earlier calls or at the AGM or otherwise, and so I shall not dwell on 
basic introductions to our company. 
We are transparent in our approach, but I must state that all discussions here will be within 
boundaries reasonably imposed by our strategic and competitive position. As you are kindly 
aware, Xpro India Limited is a diversified, multidivisional, multilocational company focused on 
polymer processing with strong governance standards. The company is family-led and 
professionally managed, an arm of India's largest and most reputed industrial house, the Birla 
family. 
We currently have our manufacturing facilities in Greater Noida, UP, Ranjangaon, Maharashtra, 
and of course, Barjora, West Bengal. Our operating units have built up special skills and 
competencies in the specialized field of co-exclusion with application in the manufacture of 
oriented films, multilayer plastic sheets, and multilayer cast plastic films. Thermoforming 
supports our downstream operations for sheets. 
Our results for FY22-23 together with the quarterly results have been uploaded on the stock 
exchange portals and you may have had an opportunity to go through the press release, which 
we have also uploaded on the exchanges and on our website. Coming to a quick review of key 
business matters, 2022-23 continued to see the global economy in a state of flux. The outlook 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
remains at best cautious, persistent inflation risks have resurfaced, and financial markets may 
need to price in tightening while keeping an eye on systemic risks. The Indian economy stands 
out as one of the fastest growing economies following pandemic-induced shocks. 
Of course, a broad range of risks including inflation and climate, for example, monsoon-led 
remain. To push growth, government is encouraging private capital investments to also drive 
employment, demand, and productivity. India expects to grow at a moderate 6% to 6.5% in 
2023-’24 while the global economy could achieve probably only a 3% growth. 
Coming to our performance during Q4 and of course the year 2022-‘23, I am happy to state that 
the company continued to deliver overall strong performance reflecting our manufacturing and 
marketing capabilities and our strong track record as a key supplier to both the goods and 
dielectric segments. 
The dielectric film line at Biax division delivered a healthy performance with near full capacity 
utilization and a continuing shift towards thinner films, balancing the product mix with market 
opportunities. We remain the most significant Indian manufacturer of high-quality dielectric 
BOPP films. 
With own development capabilities, we stand established and compete with imports from 
multiple suppliers in China, Japan, South Korea, and Europe. Our exports to USA and Germany 
sustained well. Excitement and growth in the EV segment and non-conventional energy 
segments also augur well for the range of the company’s competencies and products. 
Consumer durables including refrigerators, the main client base for Coex division at Ranjangaon 
and Greater Noida plants faced difficult market conditions in the last quarter and generally after 
a strong first quarter. One may expect renewed demand for white goods in coming periods. We 
continue to be the leading supplier of sheets and liners for refrigerators of most leading brands. 
The white goods industry in general holds good and long-term potential and interest of global 
players. 
Now, considering the Q4 performance, revenue from operations was INR124.27 crores against 
INR142.8 crores in Q4 FY ‘22, registering a value degrowth of 13% on a year-on-year basis. 
Raw material cost increases could be passed on and improved product and customer mix, 
improved value addition and accordingly EBITDA at INR19.3 crores was 11.8% higher. PBT 
for the quarter at INR15.23 crores was higher by 16.2%. Biax division reported a revenue growth 
of almost 25% to over INR45 crores in Q4 FY ‘23 as compared to the around INR36 crores in 
Q4 FY ‘22. 
We continue to see sustained domestic demand for Xpro’s Biax dielectric films with our market 
share at over 30% with the balance being substantially met by imports. Coex division markets, 
however, were dull in Q4 due to muted growth particularly for refrigerators due to a weak 
summer and stocking from earlier quarters. Key players worked on cost and price reduction. 
Coex division revenue was INR79.2 crores against INR104.3 crores down by 25% year-on-year 
reflecting this scenario and also in the light of the very high delivery in Q4 2021-‘22. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Now coming to the full year performance of FY ‘23, there were many new landmarks for the 
company in the year gone by. Consolidated revenue from operations during the year grew by 
8.3% year-on-year to INR510.97 crores up from INR471.72 crores in 2021-22. I am happy to 
also record that this is the first time the company has crossed a revenue of INR500 crores, which 
is another new benchmark. 
Revenues from the Biax division during the year grew 23.6% to INR159.75 crores as compared 
to INR129.21 in the previous year. Revenues from Coex division were higher too by 3.7% at 
INR346.13 crores as compared to INR333.68 crores in FY ‘22. Revenues from exports, 
however, were lower at INR17.46 compared to INR22.62 crores in FY ‘22. Interestingly, exports 
of the Biax division were higher by about 6% while Coex division exports were lower mainly 
due to disturbed economic conditions in Sri Lanka, one of our major export markets for Coex 
products. 
EBITDA was higher by 16.6% at INR74.4 crores against INR63.8 crores last year. Our EBITDA 
margin for FY ‘23 was 14.6% as compared to INR13.5% last year, reflecting our continued drive 
towards value-added. Interest was lower at INR7.53 crores against INR13 crores last year and 
after depreciation, PBT was higher by 45.9% at INR59.23 crores against INR40.59 crores last 
year. 
Accounting for deferred tax assets and liability, which, importantly, has no impact on either 
operating profits or the cash flow, resulted in a marginally higher profit after tax of INR45.36 
crores during the year against INR44.93 crores last year. In the context of deferred tax assets 
and liabilities, we had to make a provision of INR14.11 crores this year against the reversal of 
INR4.55 crores last year, reflecting essentially a swing of INR18.6 crores. 
Overall debt reduction during the year was INR63.97 crores against INR45.87 crores last year, 
including through prepayment of domestic loans and external commercial borrowings. It is 
promising that all long-term loans, other than for working capital application, remain stand-
repaid at the year-end and in fact well before the committed schedules. 
For FY ‘23, the net debt-to-equity stood at 0.04 and delivered a healthy return on equity on the 
expanded capital of 22.4% and a return on capital employed of 27%. The Board has 
recommended a dividend of INR2 per equity share on the expanded capital following the issue 
of bonus shares. 
Some other important developments. Pursuant to shareholders' approval at the last AGM, the 
company allotted a little over INR59 lakh bonus equity shares on 6 July 2022 in the ratio of one 
equity share for every two held on the stipulated record date. As required, a further INR9.84 
lakh bonus shares were reserved for warrant holders for allotment upon their acquisition or 
conversion of the warrants into equity shares. 
The promoter group holders of convertible warrants have exercised their option in full ahead of 
the due date, reflecting their confidence in the company, and have been allotted equity shares 
and reserved bonus shares thereon. A total of INR4,92,000 equity shares including bonus were 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
thus allotted. The equity capital of the company now stands at INR18.21 crores with material 
addition to reserves on account of the securities premium. 
Last year, we announced the intent to significantly expand capacity for dielectric and other 
superior grades of our BOPP films. The first phase aims to double capacity at the existing 
location at Barjora, to be followed by a second phase at another appropriate location. These were 
expected, as stated last year, to take about two years to four years, taking into account long key 
equipment delivery periods, the critical part for this investment. At this time, we are happy to 
affirm that, management has taken many effective strides for implementation of its blueprint, 
starting with securing supply of two state-of-the-art manufacturing lines for reputable suppliers.  
The first line is to be installed at Barjora and is likely to start contributing in FY 2024-2025 and 
the second line is expected to do so, sometime in FY 2025-2026. Shareholders and other 
investors will be pleased to note that, this is in line with the two year to four year estimate, which 
we had originally stated in our annual report for 2022. These new lines each represent the largest 
investments undertaken by the company. The expansion is expected to enhance our domestic 
first mover advantage, besides helping achieve a globally worthy capacity and market standing 
and even greater credibility as a supplier of state-of-the-art dielectric film products and 
intelligent solutions. 
The board also approved investment of up to INR2 crores towards 26% equity in a SP with Tata 
Power Renewable Energy Limited for sourcing solar energy for the Coex division at 
Ranjangaon, under captive open access mode from a 3.125 megawatt, approximately 4.5 
megawatt facility being set up. Utilization of this lower cost energy is expected to commence in 
early 2025 and would naturally translate into direct savings. The sale and transfer of the erstwhile 
Unit I at Barjora, manufacturing packaging-grade BOPP films as approved by our shareholders 
in FY ‘19 -‘20, was completed on  October 20, 2022. 
We had continued transitionary arrangements, including toll manufacturing at this unit, on 
account of the acquirer, till the date of transfer. With this, I open the floor for questions and 
answers. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our first question from the line of Pradyumna Choudhary from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Hello, sir. So, I have a few questions. The first one being, I just wanted to understand, like, I 
believe, there are certain other types of capacitors as well, apart from dielectric film capacitors 
like glass and ceramic capacitors. So, could you give some sense on, where these are used and 
which particular industry prefers, like, certain application-wise, which one is the most widely 
used and whether there's any threat to us because of these other type of capacitors? This would 
be the first question. 
Also, just wanted to understand, if there's any import duty or any other sort of duties on capacitor 
films, imported capacitor films. And thirdly, are you witnessing any firms outside of India, like 
from China or other countries, planning to set up their plants in India for the dielectric film? And 
lastly, a bookkeeping question, would be the effective capture going forward, like, any sense on 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
that, because there's been some reversal, as you mentioned in your commentary? So, yes, that's 
it. 
C. Bhaskar: 
 
Sorry, I didn't get your last point. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
So, what would be the effective tax rate going forward? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Okay, interesting. First point, let me take it very easily, and I must clarify to you that, we are a 
manufacturer of polymer products, and we make dielectric films for the dielectric capacitor film 
industry. Therefore, it would be absolutely out of place and out of context for me to comment 
on application of glass capacitors or ceramic capacitors or any other type of capacitors. Be it, let 
it suffice to say that, each capacitor has its own application. There are film-type capacitors and 
other types of capacitors. Now, our focus is film-type capacitors. Each type of capacitor has its 
own dedicated application. There could be very loose borders of interchangeability, but they are 
not designed to be interchangeable. 
Also, let me add that, within the film-type capacitors, the polypropylene film type has the largest 
share within any kind of plastic film-based, and in fact, the share of the polypropylene in film-
type capacitors, has been growing up, year-on-year. So, that is one. 
Your second question was, sorry, I seem to have mixed up. Before China, you had another 
question. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Yes. So, second was, is there any sort of duties on imported capacitor films currently? 
C. Bhaskar: 
The Government of India has a very clear policy of encouraging the electronics and electrical 
infrastructure industry. Towards this end, a few years ago, it says, they had reduced import duty 
on most import products for the electronic components industry, and therefore, one of the items 
was dielectric films. So, today, there is no, last few years, there has been no import duty on the 
dielectric films. 
Interestingly, you must also note that, we are able to stand on our own feet and compete in this 
circumstance very well too, as we have been doing for the last few years. Your next question 
was China or anybody else. We have not thus far heard of any major capacitor player looking at 
coming into India. A few years ago, we had ourselves, set up a joint venture with one of the 
European players in India. Unfortunately, their own circumstances in Europe at that time had 
turned not so happy for them, and we bought them out, actually. So, today, there is nobody else 
who is seriously thinking of doing a JV in India that we are aware of. 
Someone might be working at it and we are not aware of it, but we haven’t heard of anybody. 
And effective tax rate, we have a little bit of tax shield still left, which is about another INR23 
crores. After that, we would be subject to income tax at the, under the new regime, which we 
have also opted for. However, well, once we start our new project, they go on stream, obviously, 
we will be getting new shields. Next question, please. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
No, that's it. Thank you so much, especially your point on no duty being there. So, as being able 
to stand on our own is really encouraging. All the best. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
C. Bhaskar: 
Yes, sir. I think that is the point. I would request all of you all to appreciate, even if I am asking 
for self-praise or praise for my company. But the fact is, we have faced the onslaught of imports 
quite well. And not only on price, you were raising only price. it is equally important that, I must 
say notwithstanding the fact that others can offer material free of duty for many products, we 
are costlier than the imported product and the customer is quite happy with it too, which must 
speak of quality and performance characteristics. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Srinath Krishnan an Individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
 Srinath Krishnan: 
Thank you. Congratulations to Mr. Bhaskar and the entire team. And nice to see the journey that 
you have had in the last few years. Sir, globally, there are very few dielectric film manufacturers. 
What are the challenges in manufacturing these films? And you spoke about mixed improvement 
in the dielectric film division as well. Can you please highlight on the same? Thank you. Thanks 
a lot. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thank you, sir. And thank you very much for your compliments. We value the support of all 
investors like yourselves and the others on this call today. Coming down to your specific query, 
over the last few years, we have developed the complete range of products that are required for 
various applications, within the dielectric film segment in India. Now, when I talk about product 
mixed improvement, it comes from two dimensions. Dimension one is tailor-made, specifically 
customized products, to meet specific customer requirements. 
Now, you will appreciate that, Mr. Krishnan, that, I cannot go into the details of those. Those 
are technically stringent and under strong non-disclosure clauses, with my customers. But suffice 
it to say that, we have developed products to meet specific high performance requirements by 
customers, and that is point one. So, that is a value-added increased direction. But another 
direction, which I can talk more about because it is not so confidential, is the change in mix. 
Now, when you come to capacitor dielectric films and capacitor films, one of the major physical 
characteristics is the thickness of the film. 
And the film is going thinner and thinner, especially as the markets switch to capacitors for more 
rigorous and new applications. By new applications, things like the EV segment, the non-
conventional energy segment, and of course, the eternal drive towards miniaturization. Now, the 
price differences are dramatic. You could have price swings between, say for example, INR400 
a kilo for a thicker film and going down to, say, INR1,500 or INR1,800 for a really thin film. 
So, the thinner you are able to make, you are able to cater to new markets and you are able to 
improve the value addition. And this has been our drive regularly, consistently for the last few 
years, and we continue to do a lot of work in this direction. Does that sort of answer your 
question, sir? 
Srinath Krishnan:  
Definitely, sir. Thanks a lot. This is very helpful. Good luck for future as well. 
C. Bhaskar: 
 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Keval Ashar from DSP Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
Keval Ashar: 
Yes, thanks a lot for taking my question. First of all, congratulations, sir, for a good set of 
numbers in FY ‘23. My first question is, sir, since we see such a huge demand in coming years 
for dielectric capacitors, what are the entry barriers because of which, there are very few players 
in India, only Xpro, and globally also very few players? 
C. Bhaskar: 
You are right, sir. There are, fortunately, if I may add on the lighter side, there are many entry 
barriers in this segment. The first and the most obvious one, is the high capital cost and the 
relatively lower turnover to capex ratio. Now, that is, of course, a given. But more important and 
what is practically important is the technology, the process parameters, the handling capabilities, 
in fact, the mindset is important, and taking, there is a long time for development and 
commercialization of a product. It takes a very long time. And most important, very long lead 
times, in equipment delivery. 
Equally important, there is nothing called a standard off-the-shelf line. So, your machine has to 
be designed for the way, you want it and with the special characteristics that you want to build 
into it. Now, as it happens, you could theoretically go and just buy a line and you will make a 
film. But whether it is, the film that you want, is highly questionable. And these are all the 
barriers to entry. 
Certainly, we also face the barriers, but we entered in a small way and we learned the hard way, 
modifying a line, taking time to develop. And now, we have the advantage of the early entrant 
into the Indian market and also the fact that, when the Indian market was hesitant to use an 
Indian product in early, say, four years, five years ago, we used that time to develop our global 
market, focusing on few internationally established players, customers, that is, and who were 
very, very choosy about what they wanted. So, we learned a lot from them also. So, there are 
many barriers to entry. It is not as easy as it looks. It is not like making milk film. You put it 
then and you get a film that you used to pack milk products, for example. 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood, sir. So, the next question is, what is the total demand in India for capacitor films in 
terms of volume? 
C. Bhaskar: 
In terms of volume the demand for capacitor films, I am talking about base films. I am not talking 
about metallized films because we are not metallizers today. But if I take base films for a couple 
of major applications, for the main applications, including what is called heavy film, I would 
say it is about 15,000 tons, give or take, in that region. Per annum, that is. You know, that is, 
incidentally, friend, that’s another, answering an earlier question, that is also one of the barriers 
to entry. People who are very good at making, say, packaging films, each of their lines turns out 
70,000, 80,000 tons a year. 
And then when you have a line that turns out 4,000 tons - 5,000 tons a year, it feels very different 
and it needs to be handled very differently. So, that is the real difference. 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood, sir. And, sir, currently, what would be the realization for our Biax division, if you 
can throw some light on that? 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
C. Bhaskar: 
Well, you have asked a very tricky question, which is possibly wrong for me to answer on a call 
like this, especially when it is strongly competitive. However, let me tell you that the average 
realization, if I took, if there were any such meaningful numbers, would be in the range of 
INR450 rupees a kilo, without any taxes included. 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood, sir. And this... 
C. Bhaskar: 
I must also say that it means... I'm sorry, and let me add, putting together two questions, the 
question, one, a friend asked earlier also, our value mix change has actually led to this price 
going up year-on-year in the last few years. 
Keval Ashar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And, sir, in the past, do we see much volatility in the realizations, or is it more 
of a structural thing for Biax films? 
C. Bhaskar: 
See, volatility, there will always be price variations. I mean, let me put it to you that way. One 
of the major causes for price fluctuations are input costs. There are polypropylene, like all 
polymers, is a petrochemical product. So, there are bound to be petrochemical-related price 
changes. Those kinds of price changes are pass on’s. They do not very, very significantly 
influence price, but it does. So, if your question is geared more towards like-for-like, are there 
strong value-added swings, we actually see like-for-like, value-added, a fair bit of consistency 
and stability going forward. 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood, sir. So, sir, if I got it right, is it a cost-plus-basis kind of pricing we have with our 
customers? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Let me put it to you this way. If I take my Coex business, which is a commodity, almost 
commoditized, there it’s a straight cost-plus. Here, I will not say it is straight, but it is well-
indexed, and it is indexed in a very balanced way. So, a single INR1 would not make a difference, 
but any material swing would translate to a price change, amounting to near pass-through 
pricing. I know I am probably sounding confusing, but I think I wanted you to understand that 
it’s not a straight pass-through, but pretty close to a pass-through. 
Keval Ashar: 
I understood, sir. And, sir, just last question, if I can chip in. You had mentioned that there is 
also an entry barrier where the delivery time for the machines is a longer duration. So, now, if 
we see higher demand and if we decide to do a capex now for further expansion, how much time 
would it take us to get the machines delivered? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Typically, if you wanted a good machine and today you decided today, or let us say you went to 
a machinery supplier today knowing what you wanted, I mean, it is also important to know what 
you want. So, if you knew what you wanted today and you went to a machinery supplier, you 
would probably say something like nearer three to four years, actually, inching towards four 
years rather than three. You will recall, I am not sure whether you have attended any of our calls 
earlier, but you will recall that I had mentioned that way back when we had decided and we did 
not want to share our specs with anybody, we had and there was a queue, we actually booked 
space. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
So, that’s, so, unless somebody has booked space already, he is not going to be able to get it 
earlier than what I am saying. 
Keval Ashar: 
 
Got it. Got it, sir. That’s it… 
C. Bhaskar: 
That’s a reasonable comfort because if it’s a new player, he will have to get it, then there is a 
stabilization time, he has to understand what on earth dielectric films are all about. So, there are, 
that’s why I say there are reasonable barriers to this entry. 
Keval Ashar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. 
C. Bhaskar: 
And you know, over and above that, once he gets the line, someone who does not know what he 
is doing, there will be testing, stabilization, burn-ins of the line, all that adds to time really 
speaking. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take our next question from the line up, Pranay Roop Chatterjee from 
BCMPL. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
My first question is regarding your Biax Division. You had a top line of INR164 crores in FY’23. 
Is it possible in simple terms to define this revenue in terms of the end users? It will help us 
better understand which parts your business is getting into right now? 
C. Bhaskar: 
I fully appreciate your question and your interest in that breakup. However, let me say that, I 
mean, although we do get involved with the capacitor manufacturers business, whatever they 
share with us is on a strict confidentiality basis and a non-disclosure basis. So, I know that I am 
supplying say capacitor film to capacitor manufacturer X. We may know what he is using it for, 
but we are not supposed to know what he is using it for. So, to that extent, you will appreciate I 
cannot share that information. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Okay. So, I will tell you what I am trying to achieve here. So, the fact that I have right now is 
you have INR164 crores of top line, you have 20%-30% market share and from the numbers you 
gave me, volume and real estate… 
C. Bhaskar: 
I am sorry, 30% just to clarify it. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Correct. So, margin is around INR700 crores in India, right? I am just trying to understand if the 
market is INR700 crores, you have already touched INR165 crores. Where will growth in this 
market come from? Like one possibility would be the easy application, but I am not sure how 
large that pie is in the overall capacitor space, right? Because you say you… 
C. Bhaskar: 
Let me tell you what are we chasing? I mean, we are all obviously chasing market expansion 
and we are chasing the capacity. Now, there are two things. If I take India today, even 
considering the actual domestic requirement with a little bit of export, India today needs four 
lines of the kind we have. And we are far from having four lines in India today yet. So, the first 
target for us is to reduce import dependence. Okay. Target one. Target two, the current volumes 
have something like a natural growth rate. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Remember, this is including infrastructure and electronic components, both thrust areas, 
including the PLIs which are expected for them. In that case, it is expected to have a growth of 
anywhere between 8% to 10% per annum conservatively and this is for conventional 
applications. Okay. Over and above that, you have got two segments which are sunrise. Now, 
those are the EV and the non-conventional energy. Elsewhere in the world, the EV requirement 
and the non-conventional energy requirement are actually driven by the carbon dioxide question 
and that is creating huge demand for these films. 
Just to give you an example, in Japan, there is a very major player. That player's effective 
capacity has gone down simply because he started supplying more and more to the EV business 
which is thinner film and therefore more valuable film. By valuable, I mean it is higher priced 
film. Other than this, now in India actually, both these applications, the EV and the non-
conventional are driven by economics. I am not sure whether I would go and buy an EV car 
because of the carbon dioxide concept. All really are yet, but I would probably go out and buy 
it because it is cheaper to operate. 
So, economics is driving both non-conventional energy like solar and the EV business in India. 
And wherever it has been mandated, the market growth has been fairly strong as you might have 
seen, sir. Just to give you an example, UP sort of mandated that the auto rickshaws should be 
electric. Almost all new auto rickshaws are electric in most of UP today. Huge growth in that 
segment. So, and probably there will be more mandating in this segment. And of course, all of 
us are chasing solar power, for example, including our own company. 
We are also looking at solar surely from a cost-saving economics also. It is definitely doing good 
for environmental considerations as well. I hope that answers your question. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
That is perfect. What I am capturing from you is 8% to 10% organic growth and then some 
amount of shift import substitution that could add maybe 2% to 3% and then new sunrise sectors 
or new applications coming in that could also drive some growth. So, if possible it would be a 
fair statement to make that 15% could be a broad baseline number for the overall market going 
forward. Would you agree? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sir, with due apologies, I will think that you are understating growth potential if I were to take 
a five-year perspective. I mean, if I were to take a one-year perspective, probably your 15% and 
all are reasonable assumptions. But if I were to take a five-year perspective, both and more 
capacities available in India, the import substitution will not be another 2% to 3%. It should be 
another 30% straight per line. And also, the alternate applications as more and more product 
development happens in India of the EVs, of the manufacture, I think that growth could actually 
be far more exciting than what we are thinking of. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Got it. Perfect. Thanks. I will get back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, kindly restrict questions two per participant. We take next 
question from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from Ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Yes. Good afternoon, sir. Sir, just on this capacity expansion that we are doing for the Biax, so 
the first phase you said is two lines. The first line will come in FY’25 and the second will come 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
in FY’26. Is there any, what is the total outlay for this first phase? And are we also taking any 
debt for this? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Okay. Let me put it to you this way. The first phase should be about INR500 crores or a little bit 
over that. I'm not going deeper into that number at this call, but these are indications, A. B, I 
think as far as debt goes, our debt would be restricted to ECB to the extent of supplier credit 
available for the lines principally. That's what we are working on at this point of time. There 
could be bridging requirements fundamentally because, if I just take these two lines, the GST 
payout on each of them would be something like 30 crores-40 crores. Now, that means on two 
lines, it's 75 crores-80 crores, right? 
So now, although that's coming back, it's not on my project cost, so to say, but that's funding 
that we would require. So, we are fine tuning the requirement, although we are fairly far ahead 
on the project implementation. Intention is to keep debt very, very low to the maximum extent 
possible fundamentally bearing in mind that we've just turned debt-free, just turned long-term 
debt-free. Rohit, does that sort of explain what you want to know? 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Yes, so just one clarification on this, sir. So, we raised around INR150 crores, you're saying, and 
we generated around INR80 crores this year, and I think we can generate around something 
similar, assuming. So essentially, you're saying a significant portion of this INR500 crores over 
the next two years would be done through internal accruals and would be a minor portion through 
debt. Is that the right understanding? 
C. Bhaskar: 
That is the idea. As I said, accepting for ECB on supplier credit that's available on the machines 
itself when they come from Europe. Just to highlight what I'm trying to say, typically supplier 
credit is available from European suppliers, there's a Hermes bag, that kind, which is typically 
at a very fine rate over Euribor. I must tell you that we've already negotiated, I'm not going to 
specify the you will appreciate it's relatively business confidential, but we have rates which are 
well below 1% over Euribor.  
Now, Euribor today is a little over 3%, I mean, depending on the duration that we're looking at. 
But if I take, say, for example, the last 10 years, Euribor has almost consistently been negative. 
So you can see the fine interest rate that you're able to get the money at. Even if you take into 
account the cost of forex covers, it works out crazy not to utilize the ECB possibilities, and which 
are coming through supplier credit. It would make some financial sense to utilize it. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Sure. I mean, sorry to push you on this, but would you have a rough sense on your peak debt in 
that sense? I mean, plus minus… 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sorry, I missed that. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
I mean, any sense on the, then the peak debt that you including the supplier credit and everything, 
I mean, just a broad reference to get a sense how much you would sort of take as… 
C. Bhaskar: 
Let me give you the maximum extent that I can get. I'm not telling you what I'm going to draw. 
I'm going to tell you what's the maximum expense, right? So on European machine supply from 
reputed manufacturers, the typical supplier credit is up to 85% of the base cost of the equipment. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
So say, for example, each of these lines cost EUR15 million. I could get on each of those lines 
up to 85% or 15%. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Got it. Understood. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Not that I may utilize the 85% of EUR15 million, but that's certainly a range check I will keep 
available with us. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Right. Understood. And my second question was, so for now, I mean, till the line comes in FY 
‘25, how do you see growth in BIAX? I mean, you mentioned that we are almost at peak 
utilization. So how does the growth for the next year or so seem to be in this segment? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Okay. Let me tell you, very honestly, if you had attended some of my calls, maybe a year ago, I 
would have even that time said we were capacity choked. We've been capacity fully utilized for 
the last three-plus years. And our effort has been towards maximizing whatever we can towards 
tweaking lines. And then as we are now maximizing the value-added, even if we have to produce 
a little bit less volumetrically. 
So therefore, there's very little that we can do today by sheer volume. We did look at the 
possibility of sourcing some material, but we found that when you are a superior material 
supplier, getting in material from somewhere and putting it along with my material would only 
have resulted in hurting our brand image rather than getting any advantage through higher 
volume in the interim. I'm talking about trying something like a feed marketing. So we're not. 
And therefore, the focus is to expedite to the maximum extent the line possible so that we are in 
the market as soon as possible. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Got it. So you expect... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Balakrishnan, kindly come back to the question queue. Thank you. We’ll 
take the next question from the line of Hiral Desai from Anived PMS. Please go ahead. 
Hiral Desai: 
 
Hi, Bhaskarji, how are you? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Very well. How are you? I recall you. I think last call. Yes, sir. 
Hiral Desai: 
Yes. So I had a couple of questions. So if I look at the FY ‘23 performance for us, I think broadly 
for the full year, it looks fairly reasonable. But if I just call out the H2 performance, both the 
revenues and EBITDA are down Y-o-Y. And obviously, predominantly because of the pressure 
on the COEX business. So I just wanted to get some sense on how do you see COEX over next 
maybe about 12 months to 18 months? Because clearly that space from a volume perspective 
seems to be under a lot of pressure. 
C. Bhaskar: 
You're right to the extent that COEX during the last year was under pressure because of the 
white goods business. And white goods refrigerators is a single largest customer segment. So I 
will not disagree with you at all. I'm sure you're all also monitoring the white goods 
manufacturers, for example, Whirlpool, who I think had their results sometime last week only. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
And you would have seen the statements that they made about the difficulties and the pressures 
they were under. And I'm only quoting what I read in the press release that they had given. 
But that said, I think the market is looking up. Volumes are certainly going up. And there have 
been some swings in market shares within refrigerator producers. As you know, we supply to 
most of them, but not all of them. I probably on a public call is not where I should say whom we 
supply to and whom we don't. But we don't supply to one major manufacturer as anyone who's 
attended smaller calls would have heard me speak more about that. But that said, that player is 
doing the best in the country today, volume wise. But this swings quarter-to-quarter. If some 
refrigerator guy does very well in quarter A, they work all out. And before quarter C, there's a 
change in that ranking. 
Now, any change in this ranking is to our benefit, reasonably. So I would see that there would 
be change. Now, also two things. I think the difficulty that segment faced last year, one of the -
- sir, you will see that our Q4 last year was really high. And when you are comparing my Q4 
this year with Q4 last year, it's unfair to the COEX division, only because Q4 last year was all 
out pressure, people maximize production, thinking they were all coming out of COVID era and 
were really going to see super times. They produced so much Q4 last year and Q1 this year, that 
Q2 and Q3 became tough for the white goods markets. Not because there was a sale, it was as 
much because they had overproduced earlier. And I think that much of that is now liquidated. 
And so you can see that production seems to be going up. 
Hiral Desai: 
 
Got it. Fair enough. 
C. Bhaskar: 
And I would expect it to continue. So when you're talking about the 15-month, 18-month time 
frame, I think much of the agony of the last year in the refrigerators market should ease. Again, 
let me also add, when I say agony, there were a couple of players who did very well. And there 
were a couple of players who had more pain. And that itself makes a difference. So it's not that 
people have stopped buying refrigerators. So it's strategy of each of the players that is material 
here. 
Hiral Desai: 
Got it. And the other question is what a lot of participants are trying to understand, given that 
our capacity on the BIAX will come through in March of ‘25 and then March of ‘26. So broadly 
over the last couple of years, despite being at a fairly peak capacity utilization, you've still been 
able to grow the BIAX division. And some bit of it, as you mentioned, has come from the value-
addition. So out of the BIAX revenues, what percentage would be the thin films or the value-
added films that you talk about? And once the entire capacity is on stream, what kind of optimum 
revenue throughput we can see maybe in about FY ‘26? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Two things, let me tell you. The actual product mix is very, very sensitive information, which 
you will excuse me if I don't share on a public -- on a fairly wide court. I mean, it's absolutely 
competitor sensitive. But that said, you're right. In the last couple of years, whatever material 
progress the division has made is through value-added, which is coming from the value-added 
product mix change, that is, addition on of value-added products. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
How this mix changes, we are gearing up capacity on our new line, for example, we will 
definitely go down to sub-two. Now, how well the markets are -- how much of market growth 
is there, is a little debatable. But let me assure you that we see average price moving up fairly 
strongly over the next two, three years. And that is very, very material. 
So, the trend of the value of the average price going up would definitely continue through the 
next few years. I mean, for example, if I look at -- in 2021, our own average price was, I mean, 
I'm just throwing a number, but it would be close to that, would have been INR260 crores-
INR270 crores in that range. And it has gone up consistently to, I answered a question earlier 
where I said it's INR450 crores thereabouts. 
So, you can see that's in two years. Now, obviously, that's material has haven't gone up that 
much in two years. Much of that is product mix change. So, without answering your question 
specifically, I'm giving you the feel of it that yes, product mix changes are critical to this segment 
going forward. And as you can see, even the existing average mix is a fairly rich mix. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Chinmayi from Moneybee Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Chinmayi U: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, first, I might have missed that earlier in the call. 
Can you give us the production volume in the BIAX and COEX division for this year? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sure. So, our total production for this year, COEX was about 28,000 tons, 27,857 tons. And 
BIAX was 3,635 tons. 
Chinmayi U: 
All right. Okay. And, sir, one more question with regards to the value-added segment in the 
dielectric film. So, the new capacity that is coming up, the production for the thickness of the 
dielectric film is specific to the line or can you explain a little more about that? 
C. Bhaskar: 
In all manufacturing processes, there is a range. So, our current line, we do, our averaging is 
around 5 micron, 6 micron is averaging. And now, obviously, we go lower, but we can go down 
to something like 2.75 micron on the average line. And obviously, we can go up to, I don't know, 
13 micron, 14 micron. And if you take the new line, the lower end, which is the one that's critical, 
we can go down to a guaranteed 2 micron and possibly below 2 micron. Our goal is to be able 
to make 1.5 micron. 
Chinmayi U: 
Okay. And, sir, one more, the last question I have is with regards to EV. So, I just want to 
understand what is the current total addressable market that you have in the sunrise segments, 
as you mentioned, in the EV and non-conventional energy? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Yes, sorry, what about it? 
Chinmayi U: 
Sir, what is your total addressable market in those segments? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Actually, these are new market segments. And I must emphasize that when we are looking at 
this new segment, we are not looking at this segment only in the country. We are looking at this 
segment on a global basis. Globally, we expect, not we, people who have studied these 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
externally, carbon dioxide people who have studied, expect that the volume requirement by 2030 
would be something like the equivalent of almost 70 lines, 80 lines like the kind we are thinking 
of. And obviously, that many lines can't come up. So, what we are really looking at is to address 
the global market. The market size globally is several times, in fact, several tens of times, the 
capacity that we are looking at. 
Chinmayi U: 
All right. And sir, is there any competitor in India which is planning to enter into manufacturing 
of dielectric films, according to you? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Well, let me tell you, a couple of players have tried, somebody is trying very hard, but market 
acceptance takes time. I would not like to decry any producer. We are a producer ourselves. And 
yes, people are trying, I am sure they will try and why not. But I do not see significant 
competition in the long run. And if, although, I would emphasize that we would love 
competition, because that actually brings out what we are better about and what we are all about. 
I hope that answers your questions, Chinmayi. Categorically, in other words, I am not going to 
say anything plus or minus about anybody else who is trying to get into this segment. 
Chinmayi U: 
Absolutely. I understood. Thank you so much. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Thank you, Chinmayi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We’ll take the next question from the line of Vishal Prasad from VP Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Hi, sir. So, last year, when I asked about opportunities in the export market, you had mentioned 
that we do export, but there is huge opportunity in domestic market. But now, it seems we would 
be looking at export market. So, is it possible for you to talk about what kind of opportunities 
do we see there? And if we are already working with some of the customers? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Okay. Good question, sir. Yes, the export opportunities are enormous. Now, again, the export 
opportunities come from existing markets. And export opportunities also stem from the sunrise 
segments, which are growing faster outside of India than in India, as you can well imagine. 
Having said that, even with our restricted capacity, we are working on export. And in fact, you 
will find that the exports, as I stated earlier in those brief points that I gave earlier, our export 
from the buy exhibition actually went up 6%. 
Small, but it went up because it was constrained by available capacity. So, our existing customers 
are actually asking us for more supplies. Many new customers are talking to us about supplies. 
And even many of the global big players in this segment have, we have got our films approved 
by them for potential supply for their own markets when we have capacity available to supply. 
So, we are working at it. We are ready once our capacities are in place. Obviously, I cannot 
make a commitment to supply today when my lines are a few months away. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Right. And you mentioned our capex would be 500. So, 500 is for one line or both the lines? 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
C. Bhaskar: 
I am not going into the details of the capex. But let me tell you, each line's base cost would be a 
little over 250 crores on base cost of the lines. Of each line would be 250. So, 500 would be base 
cost of the two lines put together. 
Vishal Prasad: 
Okay. So, last question. I mean, I know now we are going sub, we are trying to go below 3 and 
below 2. So, it is difficult to ask. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Sorry, sir, I missed that last line. 
Vishal Prasad: 
No, I am saying since we would be going sub 3 and sub 2, so the thickness will go down. So, it 
is difficult to answer in terms of asset turn. But is it possible for you to just give a hint on what 
kind of revenues we can look at, given the prices which are there today? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Suffice it to answer very simply that the asset turns would improve significantly over where they 
are. I think you would have seen that in the last two years itself on share, on the same capex, you 
would have seen the higher turnover coming in from something like 60, 70 crores. I think we 
have gone up to 160 crores in a couple of years. So, that you can see what is happening to asset 
turn. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pavan Tourani from Citrus Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Pavan Tourani: 
Thanks for taking the question. Sir, you said that in the new lines, you could see the size going 
up to 2 micron. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Down to. 
Pavan Tourani: 
Yes, down to 2. So, I am just trying to get a sense of what could be the realizations that we could 
be expecting going forward? Because the growth that we have seen, even over the last one year 
is a mix of both volume growth and primarily it has come, the growth has come from the product 
mix changes. So, going forward, what, if you have a ballpark figure of what could be the growth 
and realizations in the next two to three years? 
C. Bhaskar: 
I think, initially, sir, your question is the same as what the last gentleman asked. So, essentially, 
it is the same thing. When he was talking asset turns and you are asking, what would the price 
go up to? So, my answer would be exactly what I just said to the last gentleman. 
Pavan Tourani: 
Okay. Sir, and, sorry, if most of my questions are answered, but if you could give a sense of, 
you know, what is the sales or the EBITDA growth potential that we could see over the next 
three, four years with all your capacities coming on stream? That would be really helpful, sir. 
C. Bhaskar: 
You will appreciate that what you are asking for is really very, very forward looking. And I think 
it would be in the best interest not to dwell on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Vikas Mistry: 
In the opportunity, I will ask a simple question that what are the capabilities which we are 
looking now and we wish to have three, four years down the line? And how much in R&D are 
you investing to go below 2 micron and below that such that our value product will increase? 
C. Bhaskar: 
Okay. Yes, naturally, as you will well appreciate, constant research, constant development is 
essential in any high-tech industry. And naturally, we are doing it. But a little difference is the 
way we do it is much of our development is actually tied in with our plant and our operations 
itself. So, it is not that we have built, you know, that we would think of building an R&D center 
outside of it to do fundamental research. What we are doing is developing products for aim 
towards value addition, aim towards meeting customer-specific requirements, and aim towards 
making sure we are future ready. So, I am not going to attempt to give you an answer on how 
much do we spend on R&D because a fair bit of spend is on R&D, but that would actually be 
lost in my plant expenses itself. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay, okay, okay. Second, conscientious on such capabilities? 
C. Bhaskar: 
But rest assured that you cannot survive in this business, which is a high-tech business, without 
constant development. And perhaps I must add that in the last, even if I take just last one year, I 
think from various bodies on quality, on development, on product performance, I think our 
division must have won up. And innovation, we must have won something like 15-16 awards. 
Sorry, Mr. Bakshi is sitting with me, is correcting me and saying we won 20 awards in the last 
year of various things. Aim towards these points which I am mentioning. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Yes, sir. That is heartening to see. So, my next question is that lets put we have a 4,000 tons of 
line and let suppose you start producing lower thickness from let us say 1 micron to half micron, 
then... 
C. Bhaskar: 
We are not thinking of 1 micron. It will be 1.5 upwards is what we are thinking. I mean, we are 
not yet thinking of 1 micron. Who knows, maybe the market will need it soon, but not yet. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay. Just for sake, we can say that we are producing 3 micron, then the amount of kgs will be 
lesser than when you produce 1.5 microns. Then the kg output throughput of the machine or line 
will remain same and hence the total asset turn that can produce on the same line can typically 
double or what is the correlation between all of them? 
C. Bhaskar: 
No, no. Any machine has two parameters which are important. One is what you called very 
correctly throughput. But another very important parameter is line takeoff speed. Yes. If you 
produce very thin film, then what happens is beyond a point, you cannot increase the takeoff 
speed anymore and you will have to reduce the throughput. Of course, the value addition more 
than makes up for the fall in output. But if you have a line that, say, for argument can produce 
5000 tons of, say, 6 micron, it can obviously not produce 5000 tons of 2 micron. It would go 
down, but the value addition would more than compensate for it. Does that explain the answer? 
Vikas Mistry: 
That is absolutely it will compensate. Does it increase by some factor 1.2 times or 1.3 times, 
something like that? 

 
Xpro India Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
C. Bhaskar: 
Okay. Yes, it will go up. It is not straight. If I got exactly the same number, then why would 
anybody take the pain of thinning? Thinning is a very tough process. It is a complicated process, 
difficult to operate. I mean, every problem you can imagine including handling is there. So yes, 
there are problems all around, not only for us, even the user will have problems using when it is 
very thin, even to handle the web wherever he is putting it to use. But it is technically worth it, 
which is why people do that. 
Vikas Mistry: 
My last question is on order what we have placed for two lines. But we have very high lead 
times let us suppose beyond 26. So we are not even thinking to place the order for the next 
machine by the end of this fiscal year, because it will take another four years for us. And we 
have all blue skies from our side. And the financing is also cheap, as you said earlier in the call. 
So what are we even thinking for that for further expansion beyond 500 roads? 
C. Bhaskar: 
I am not making a policy statement or an announcement yet. But yet, yes, we are constantly 
thinking and working on those lines. 
Vikas Mistry: 
Okay, that's good to hear. Thanks a lot, sir. I keep doing hard work and putting good amount of 
money into R&D. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Bhaskar for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
C. Bhaskar: 
Hi. Thank you. Thank you, friends. It was a pleasure to join you all again, and to understand 
your queries, your concerns. So once again, thank you very much for joining us. I would like to 
reiterate that we at Xpro are committed to consistently offer superior quality products backed by 
exceptional services to exceed customer expectations, aimed towards making us the industry 
leader in our chosen segments. Most important, we are trying to make sure that our investors 
and the investment community is satisfied with what we do and what we deliver. I hope I've 
been able to share information which is of some use to you. If you require any further details, 
please contact us or Orient Capital, or we look forward to you joining us at one of our next 
investor meets or otherwise. Thank you very much again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, in case of any further query, you may write to 
irfan.raeen@linkintime.co.in. That's irfan.raeen@linkintime.co.in. On behalf of Xpro India 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
