 
 
SCL/BWR/SE/2023-24/ 
27th May, 2023 
 
FAX NO. 022 – 26598237 / 26598238 
Email - cmlist@nse.co.in 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
SCRIP CODE: SHREECEM EQ 
FAX NO. 022-22722041 / 22722061  
Email - corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI – 400 023 
 
SCRIP CODE 500387 
 
Sub:- Transcript of the Conference call for the Audited Financial Results for the Quarter and Year 
ended 31st March, 2023 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the 
transcript of the Conference Call held on 23rd May, 2023 relating to the Q4FY23 financial results is 
enclosed. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For SHREE CEMENT LIMITED 
 
 
(S.S. KHANDELWAL) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
SHYAM 
SUNDER 
KHANDELWAL
Digitally signed by 
SHYAM SUNDER 
KHANDELWAL 
Date: 2023.05.27 11:54:19 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Shree Cement Limited 
Q4 FY2023 & FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NAVIN SAHADEO - ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: SHRI NEERAJ AKHOURY – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– SHREE CEMENT LIMITED 
SHRI SUBHASH JAJOO – CHIEF FINANCE OFFICER – 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shree Cement Q4 FY2023 and FY2023 
earnings call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Sahadeo from 
ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you all to 
the Q4 FY2023 earnings call of Shree Cement Limited. From the management we have 
with us Managing Director Mr. Neeraj Akhoury and CFO Mr. Subhash Jajoo. Without any 
further ado I hand over the call to Mr. Akhoury for his opening comments. Over to you Sir! 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
Thank you Navin. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the earnings call 
of Shree Cement Limited for the quarter and year ending March 31, 2023. Navin I hope I 
am very clear and audible. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Absolutely clear Sir. Go ahead. 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
So 2022-2023 was an exciting year for Bangur and Shree Cement. On one hand we were 
able to record about 15% healthy volume growth but we also started a new journey of 
remaining the greenest cement company in India. We are very happy to say that we 
currently have 55% of green power share in our process, which to my mind is highest not 
only in India but also in the globe and we are also making significant investment in the 
plant with advanced technologies to improve our fuel flexibility including ability to reach 
higher numbers of alternate fuel and at the same time we are also testing new logistics 
models including testing of EV vehicles. At the same time at Shree we are executing 
systematic interventions to explore full potential of our company covering a range of 
subjects like commissioning of advanced digital solutions or updating our IT platforms, 
enhancing our manufacturing excellence, building our logistics capabilities, as well as 
working on route to market with enhanced product offerings.  
As you know now we have redesigned our organization and we have a very strong 
marketing team which is separate from sales as well as commissioned the technical services 
team which will allow us to bring products with sharper value propositions in the market 
and positively impact not only the volume but also the price performance. We have recently 
launched internal campaign “We Lead” and this campaign is to make sure that Shree 
remains the leader in manufacturing and logistics performance and this program is 
performing well and we expect that it should start giving results in the coming quarters.  

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
We have started recovering our performance in Q4 2023 with softening of fuel prices, but 
also due to start of execution phase of several planned initiatives to mitigate the headwind 
of cost. To focus on the quarterly performance, the company was able to achieve realization 
improvement of 2% while driving the sales volume growth up to 9 million tonnes in the 
quarter as against 8 million tonnes in the same quarter last year, which is equal to about 
10% growth. The capacity utilization had also increased strongly from 71% to 78% during 
the same period and this is largely because of very healthy demand shoots that we are 
observing across the country from infrastructure, housing segment both rural and urban as 
well as commercial real estate. The realization increased by 2%, EBITDA  is down by about 
2% at Rs.892 Crores against Rs.911 Crores in March 2022. EBITDA per tonne has stood at 
Rs.1011 as against Rs.1134 last year.  
On sequential basis volumes were up by as I said by about 10% and realization has 
remained flat during the quarter; however, absolute EBITDA increased from Rs.708 Crores 
in December 2022 to Rs.892 Crores led by operational efficiencies and volume gains. 
EBITDA per tonne sequentially has increased from Rs.881 per tonne to Rs.1011 per tonne.  
For full year, our sales volumes increased from 27.7 million tonnes in 2021-2022 to a level 
of 31.8 million tonne in 2022-2023, where capacity utilization for the year was at 70% as 
compared to 64% in the preceding year. The realization was up by about 3%. Despite 
increase in sales and sales realization, EBITDA excluding other income decreased from 
Rs.3648 Crores to Rs.2942 Crores which is roughly about 19% decline largely because of 
significant and unprecedented increase in fuel cost as well as  raw material costs like fly ash  
and slag. The impact was mitigated to some extent due to higher consumption of alternate 
fuel and import of fuel from newer markets. With fuel prices declining since Q3 of 2022-
2023 combined with execution of several planned initiatives, profitability started moving up 
thereafter.  
The company continues to focus on sustainability initiatives as I said the share of green 
power consumption in total power during the quarter stood at 55% against 50% in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. We have completed commissioning of 122 MW 
of solar and wind power plants in different states during the year. As a result, total green 
power generation capacity has increased to 386 MW at the close of 2022-2023. Another 93 
MW green power capacity would be added this year and next year. The company remains 
committed to continuously increase its share of green power.  
We are also stepping up our efforts to increase use of agricultural, industrial, municipal 
waste to improve our thermal substitution rate. The company has invested in state-of-art 
facilities for handling and feeding such waste materials which will help significantly in 
helping our AFR performance. We are very happy to state that we have fully stopped using 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
coal or pet coke as fossil fuel in all of our grinding units. We are able to achieve TSR of 
4.35% last quarter. We expect to increase it to about 15% by the end of this year.  
I am also very happy to share with all of you that under the National Mission for Enhanced 
Energy Efficiency Shree Cement has been recognized as top performer designated 
consumer in cement sector for achieving maximum energy savings under PAT Cycle II. As 
a result of multiple initiatives taken to bring down its carbon footprints, the company has 
been able to reduce its carbon emission by 3% to 513kg of CO2 per tonne of cement 
equivalent in 2022-2023. 
On the marketing side, the company is continuing its efforts towards fulfilling various needs 
of its customers with premium offerings and better customer servicing. A new vertical of 
technical services have been created to support our sales team. The team has well defined 
KPIs of visiting the construction sites and educating customers regarding  products and its 
applications. We have initiated the process of strengthening our brand equity by engaging 
with experts and advisors for our future strategy. Due to these efforts we were able to 
increase the share of a premium product sale against total cement trade sales from 6.6% in 
March quarter last year to about 7.5% in the last quarter 2023.  
We are also working on various initiatives on digitalization front. Very shortly we would go 
live with our customer relationship management, CRM software which helps in real time 
integration of dealers, retailers, institutional influencers with the company. This would 
support field sales force with live relevant marketing feedback. Logistics control tower 
system and transporters app is also in the process of setup to enable management of logistic 
cycle from order-to-pay, end-to-end shipping visibility is now a reality for Shree Cement 
through our GPS tracking in almost all trucks. 
We are also migrating from Oracle to SAP S4 HANA based ERP to adopt more advanced 
and simplified workflow and processes. In manufacturing operations we have implemented 
Plant Data Management System which is called PDMS to capture data from IOT sensors 
and generate automatic KPI reports and alerts to bring overall efficiency in the operation. 
We are also digitizing our HR operation by implementing state-of-art tool called 
Darwinbox.  
On the expansion plan I am happy to say that we are working now very strongly to achieve 
our goal to reach beyond 80 million tonne capacity in the upcoming years. The 3 million 
tonne East India Purulia grinding unit will be commissioned very shortly by June, 2023. 
Work on 3.5 million tonnes project at Nawalgarh Rajasthan unit should be commissioned 
by Q3 of this year and then our Andhra project, Guntur project is also progressing well and 
should be commissioned early next year. 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
On the demand front we  expect demand to maintain its healthy momentum in FY2024. The 
demand growth is expected to be  majorly led by government thrust on infra spending 
before the Lok Sabha elections in 2024. Infrastructure segment as a result of 24% enhanced 
outlay in budgeted spending of central government on key infra sectors shall be the main 
demand driver. New projects and capacity expansion plans announced by the players in 
capital intensive sector such as steel, start of work in PLI led project and data centers are 
likely to contribute to increase in demand in both industrial and commercial segments. 
 
Demand from housing segment shall also remain strong on expectation of normal monsoon 
and continuation of healthy prices for farm produce along with government thrust to 
schemes like Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana. Industry margins are expected to improve in 
this year because of softening of the fuel prices as well as the declining of the crude oil 
prices. All in all in my view FY2024 is expected to be a favorable year for the cement 
industry. With this I will now open the floor for the Q&A. Thank you very much 
everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. The first question is on the fuel cost. If 
you could just share some details as to what was the cost in Q4 and how do we see coal, 
petcoke procurement and consumption happening on the next two quarters? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
The current fuel cost has come down significantly, but because of the large inventory which 
we were carrying the impact of the same is not right now visible in our last quarter results. 
In fact in March 2023 the per CV cost of fuel was same as compared to what it was in 
December around 2.53; however, the current prices of petcoke has come down to almost 
1.80. The benefit of the same will be visible in the coming one or two quarters, most 
probably for the June quarter you will see the fuel cost declining to around Rs.2.30 to 
Rs.2.40 and then over next quarter it is going to come down. On a full year basis our cost 
was Rs.2.62 in 2022-2023 as compared to 1.69 in 2021-2022. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood and Jajoo Sir in the mix if you can just share is it fully petcoke or also you are 
using thermal coal? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
In March quarter we have used almost 76% petcoke and remaining was the other coal and 
alternative fuel as compared to 50% used in the last year. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Subhash Jajoo: 
One point of time, thermal coal prices were cheaper as compared to petcoke but now 
gradually in the last 3-4 months petcoke has become cheaper, so we are continuously 
increasing the use of petcoke. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Currently on a CV basis petcoke is around 1.80 whereas thermal coal is around Rs.2. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Noted Sir thank you. Sir my second question is more with respect to strategy on inorganic 
growth ambition in the past decade we have seen that we hardly participated in any deals 
and we clearly prefer to build assets given our superior project execution capability. We 
now read over that we are evaluating with various opportunities in the market, is there any 
change in thought process, approach strategy over the next 5 to 10 years, the way we want 
to grow our business to a 80 and 100 million tonnes over the next 5 to 10 years? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
When we are growing of course on organic route we have enough plans to reach beyond 80 
million tonnes. As far as inorganic is concerned it depends on the strategic fit  but also on 
the value creation potential of the target based on that we take some decisions. I would like 
to reemphasize that Shree is very open to such opportunities but the opportunities should 
add value to us at the same time should be part of the strategic effect in terms of the market, 
so we are not against acquisition as has been said by some people even today morning I get 
the same information. We are very open to merger & acquisition, but it should be positive 
for our business as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Good morning sir. My first question is on your premiumization of your product mix, while 
you highlighted in your opening remarks but there have been in our efforts for taking up 
this kind of product mix where Shree end up by FY2024 and how much it can contribute to 
your incremental realization on a per tonne basis? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
Last year same quarter it has been roughly about 6% to 6.5% of premium products. Last 
quarter of this year we have been able to increase it to 7.5%. The journey has started where 
we are bringing up some new products. Just about 2 days back or 3 days back we launched 
a new product in our coastal markets of Odisha by the brand name of Rockstrong. We are 
also working with our R&D as well as manufacturing to come up with some enhanced 
products which has sharper value proposition. With the current brand that we have in the 
market we expect to grow up to about 15% of share in the premium segment by end of this 
year. I would rather  say the journey has started. We are building a brand equity. We are 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
making strong corrections in our brand architecture and this will all help us to communicate 
the value that we bring to the customers in a stronger way. So my first-year ambition is to 
reach about 15% and thereafter we will chart the ways of how to grow it further. As far as I 
think, my view would be, at the current level of pricing , this 15% would give us about 
Rs.50/- per ton advantage in our EBITDA. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Understand the strategy or the product mix of cement pricing. Is it different across regions 
or we have like similar mix of cement products? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
In my view cement is a very local product and so each market, each districts needs to have 
its own unique strategy of products and product positioning and this is exactly what we are 
doing. Each market has its own needs. For example when I just mentioned about coastal 
Odisha, coastal Odisha is known for its weather and is known for its very harsh weather. 
These are specific type of concrete to have durable structures and that is what our focus has 
been. Similarly if you go for a coastal market because there are separate challenges so as I 
said each district has its own approach. We are defining it district-by-district but overall I 
see a space for two to four premium brands in the market as we look forward. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you. Another question is on what was the loss of volumes due to the IT incident 
happened over the last week of the quarter and was that volume recovered in first quarter of 
2024? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
No. there was no volume impact because of the IT incident. We have a very strong business 
continuity process in the company and the moment it was reported that there is an IT 
incident very quickly the BCP process took over and therefore there has not been any 
impact because of this on business performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Kumar request you to join the queue for any followups. The next question is 
from the line of Shyam Sundar Sriram from Franklin Templeton. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: Hi sir. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Hope I am audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes you are audible. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: We are seeing utilizations improving over the last few quarters from a two-year 
perspective.Can you please highlight the pecking order of our strategic priorities such as say 
market share gains, product mix improvement, EBITDA improvement, what would be your 
pecking order of strategic priorities. Would be great to hear that, just adding to that we are 
also seeing the cost curve shifting down led by fossil fuel prices just like JajooJi just 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
highlighted in the prior question. Will we look to share some of that surplus to deepen our 
market presence or will we retain that within the company to improve the profitability? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
So let me try to understand the question first, so first is the strategic priorities. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: More importantly your pecking order how you think of it? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
I suppose to think of all the same pecking order, which is not that one is better than other, 
but let me see if I can answer a part of it. First thing is as we said that the Shree Cement is 
very clear on our objective to become the greenest cement company in the country and this 
is the top priority for us, which is good for environment, good for business and therefore it 
is something that we would like to pursue big as we have been pursuing in the last two 
years. The second priority is to make sure that from the current operations we are able to 
extract more value for our shareholders. This will come in two fronts one is by having a 
better look at the offering that we are making in the market, our product offerings and how 
can we price it better in some cases. What can we do in terms of meeting the exact and 
precise customer expectations. This is something that we are doing and we believe this is a 
journey by itself. It takes some time  before we reach there. We have mentioned to you that 
we have recently partnered with McCann, one of the worlds very known advertising agency 
group to make sure that our brand stories are told well in the market. This is the other 
priority that we have not second but other priority. Third is to make sure that Shree is able 
to maintain its momentum of capacity growth. We are known for this in last several years 
and this is something that we are firmly on ground. We have a very strong team that is 
pursuing this and we believe that in the coming years we should be reaching 80 million 
tonnes through our organic efforts in different parts of the country, which by the way will 
truly make us a Pan India company. These are the three big topics for us but the fourth topic 
that is going to be is the platform on which we will construct all these initiatives. This is 
what I call the very modern organization, organization with advanced IT tools like SAP S/4 
HANA, organization with advanced digital tools, one we are doing in CRM, in logistics or 
in the manufacturing and that is the way we are setting up our objectives for the coming 
year. What I am saying is also applicable to other support functions and they are all 
working around these priorities to make sure that as a company we succeed in the coming 
years. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: Understood Sir that was clear and the other point I was trying to understand is given the 
cost curve shifting down, will we look to share some of the surplus to deepen our market 
presence or will we try to retain that within the company as we also have growth ambitions 
going forward? 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
So I do not think we are going to play a role by which we destroy our price line in order to 
reach the volume target. Our objective strategy is very clear. We have to reach a volume 
level by which our utilization level is at least that of average industry that is number one, 
but by doing so we are extremely conscious that our role is to make sure that the price line 
does not get eroded. We are able to strenghten it  by pushing more premium products and 
that is the strategy we are going to play. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: Understood Sir. Thank you very much Sir. One last question if I may ask is there 
aspirational EBITDA per tonne that we would like to reach in the medium term for Shree 
Cement? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
So we have been leaders in EBITDA per tonne in the industry if you look at the grey 
cement I think I used to believe that even today we should not be in anyway a company 
which is giving an inferior set of numbers on our core business. With the new capacity 
additions, with increase in premium products, with making sure that we are able to work on 
manufacturing and logistics excellence we believe we should be able to create some 
additional room for adding to the EBITDA per tonne performance in the company and that 
is the way for us moving forward. 
Shyam Sundar Sriram: Thank you very much. I will fall back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Khudania from DSP Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Khudania: 
My question is on the debt front like although you have explained in terms of the capacity 
expansion so how do you see your debt levels panning out in the near to medium term or is 
it that your internal accruals would be sufficient to take care of the capex requirement? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Kunal currently we have a net cash of around Rs.5700 Cr as of March ending and we 
believe despite our aggressive capital expenditure program everything will be through 
internal accruals. We do not foresee to take any further debt in the book. In fact the cash in 
the book is sufficient to take care of our needs in the coming few years. 
Kunal Khudania: 
Understood sir that was my question. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital.  Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First on the inorganic 
optionality that you are exploring earlier I believe the thought that used to be that you 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
would not look beyond $80 per tonne kind of valuation for an asset, so given that most 
transactions in the market for integrated plant are happening above $100 so how the thought 
change or you still looking at the $80? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
The value of any acquisition target is based on the quality of the asset, quality of business 
that we are acquiring. It is not right to give one number for any business, it depends on 
which market that asset is, what are the operational numbers, what are the limestone 
reserve for example, so it is not right to give one number for it, each asset is evaluated 
based on the specific set of financials that we get and clearly the idea would be how to 
make sure that by acquiring that asset we are making our business from and that is how it 
could be done. 
Amit Murarka: 
But you are not benchmarking yourself to that $80 number or something I think which used 
to.. 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
Each opportunity has to be evaluated based on the specifics that it brings on the table and so 
$80 per tonne is one number, but asset quality would largely determine what kind of 
valuations we give. 
Amit Murarka: 
The next question is on UAE, so you have invested another Rs.525 Crores in UAE so what 
was this amount for and then how much more is planned to be spend in that asset in the 
coming years? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
No we have not done any further investments in UAE. In fact the other investments which 
you are seeing is in our other subsidiary company like Shree Cement East where we are 
setting up our Purulia grinding unit. For UAE we are not doing any expenditure right now. 
Amit Murarka: 
It is my mistake and I thought that in the consolidated it is showing up and it is showing up 
as an investment in subsidiary. 
Subhash Jajoo: 
That figure is for expenditure done in own subsidiaries and the major part is for the Purulia 
grinding unit which we are setting up in Shree Cement East. 
Amit Murarka: 
Got it Sir. There is no further investment plan in UAE as of now right?  
Subhash Jajoo: 
No as of now apart from certain efficiency improvement expenditure, there is no major 
investment as such. 
Amit Murarka: 
Could you detail out your capex plan for FY2024? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
In the current year we will be spending something close to Rs.3300 to Rs.3500 Crores. 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Murarka request you to join the queue for followup. The next question is 
from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Couple of questions. First one is on volume and capacity 
tied up followup to Shyam’s question in a way you are indicating that you want to bridge 
the gap on utilization between Shree Cement and industry utilization and given Shree 
cement is also adding capacity in the next year how much growth can we look at from next 
year I think earlier in the media interviews and all if I am not mistaken we heard of 36 
million ton in FY2024. Does it still hold and in the release you mentioned beyond 80 
million tonnes versus a target of 80 million tonnes by FY2030 so beyond 80 million tons 
would be by FY2030 are you looking at even beyond 80 million tons before FY2030 and 
after these expansions which one will be of Nawalgarh and all these projects commission 
what could be the pecking order for projects for you beyond this project and then second 
one would be on the branding strategy? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
What was the last line I am sorry, I did not get it, last line please. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Second question would be on branding strategy. 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
So as we said 80 million tonnes is a very well stated objective which our Chairman has 
already communicated to all of you in the last year as well. For this detailed plan site-by-
site is there we are progressing on each of the sites, separate stages of development 
somewhere the land acquisition is over, we are going for EC, in some cases EC has been 
done, and in some cases we are progressing with the land acquisition. So after Nawalgarh 
we expect to have four or five projects. It depends on the date by which we get the 
clearance from the government as well as other regulatory authorities and as and when we 
get the clearance we will be starting those projects and you will hear it from us every time 
when we start a project. We have sufficient limestone to go from current to 80 million 
tonnes which will be mix of Brownfield and Greenfield expansion projects. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
On the volume growth for this year for FY2023? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
Volumes are as we said we should be reaching about 36 odd million tonnes this is what we 
have kept which means the growth are about 13% for us, which is slightly ahead of the 
market estimate. The market growth that we are expecting is in the range of 7% to 8% . So 
we are slightly ahead of that growth largely because we are adding new capacities. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you. Second question is on the branding strategy you touched upon premium 
products in the Rockstrong premium product in Odisha. When you look at the northern 
region and the northern category A products also in addition to the premium category is 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
there some thought on the strategy specifically on the northern region. How would you look 
at improving the utilizations there, is it largely going to be introduction of new premium 
products or may be brand repositioning or introduction of new products and category A 
specifically in that category premium products have also been lot of players are chasing that 
market. How is the initial reception been in that premium category, are you seeing a lot of 
competition in that particular market and in north and overall the premium depth and 
positioning? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
In my view and in our view there is a segment of customers who are looking for products 
with sharper value proposition be it in soaps, be it in cars, or be it cement and that is the 
customer group that we have identified and we have studied their requirements, their needs, 
both stated and nonstated and therefore the products that are being designed and introduced 
in north India are in two stages. One we have two existing premium category brands in the 
market Roofon and Bangur Power, both of them today are in a position in line with the A 
group pricing, but beyond this we are looking at what else we can do to certainly 
communicate this big message, SASTA NAHI SABSE ACHA, with the product that has 
more sharper value proposition and when I say value proposition you might think we can 
talk in terms of cement that are designed for high performance areas for example in 30 and 
40 and 50 grades of concrete. These are the kind of products that we are now launching and 
hopefully we should see one brand at least in north India which will be launched in this year 
in addition to Bangur Power and Roofon. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rashi Chopra from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Thank you. What I am trying to understand is better on a sequential basis our realizations 
were flattish, the power costs were flattish, with the trends that we are seeing and how do 
we kind of allocate that between the remaining cost as well as the sale of power? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Yes Rashi you are correct the realizations were more or less flat, there was very marginal 
increase if you would compare it from the December numbers and yes fuel cost also did not 
move up in fact December quarter the fuel cost was around 2.53 on a per CV basis and it 
remains the same more or less in this quarter that is particularly because of some high-cost 
inventory which we are carrying. We believe some part of it is going to come in this 
quarter.We should see some moderation in fuel cost to around Rs.2.35 in the current 
quarter. 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Rashi Chopra: 
Good and then on the cement realization post the quarter had there been significant change 
or realization the kind of flattish? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
No, in fact you are talking about December and March? 
Rashi Chopra: 
Current. Post the quarter. 
Subhash Jajoo: 
No, the realization has slightly come down I would say as compared to last quarter. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Just last bookkeeping questions. What were lead distance and trade sales in the quarter? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Trade sale was around 80% and lead distance was 463 kilometers as compared to 473 last 
year and 450 kilometers in December quarter. 
Rashi Chopra: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Good morning and my questions first pertains to the Union Cement performance, could you 
share what was the volume numbers and profitability for that unit in FY2023 and what is 
the outlook? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Can you just repeat the question once again. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
The Union Cement, how is that unit performed in FY2023 and what is the outlook, volume 
and margin? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
No, unfortunately we will not be able to share details of any of our subsidiary individually. 
We can only give an outlook. The last year’s performance was not very good and the 
primary reason was because the main export market Sri Lanka and Bangladesh has just 
collapsed. Even the domestic prices were not that good last year and that is why the 
performance was not up-to-mark. But we expect some recovery in the current year. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Great and given that now Purulia will be set up under the subsidiary structure so the 
standalone number would appear slightly distorted so can we have the consolidated 
numbers for cement volumes for FY2023 and FY2022? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
No that maybe from next year onwards we will think about but right now I will not be able 
to share the details individually for any subsidiary. Purulia will only start functioning from 
second quarter. 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Correct and clinker how much was the production number for FY2023? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
What? 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Clinker production in FY2023 full year standalone. 
Subhash Jajoo: 
It is around 20.2 million. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Just because of the external power sales the sequential numbers, because you are not 
reporting it separately, the realization numbers appear volatile. Is there a way to mention 
that in the press release as because it distorts both the topline realization as well as the 
energy cost numbers? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
I got your point but right now our policy is that we will not be able to share the power 
details. We will think about it and maybe from next quarter we will find out a way how to 
give you. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sure at least cement number, when you mention, which is area of analysis so that will help 
us and last question on the total capex on the ongoing projects how much is spending in 
terms of which you will be spending you mentioned that Rs.3300 Crores to Rs.3400 Crores 
on ongoing projects in FY2024 so what would be balance amount that would be left for 
FY2025 primarily to our Guntur? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Yes as we told you like we have already spent around 3300 Crores last year, current year 
we should also expect similar sort of spending. This includes the amount for Guntur, 
Nawalgarh. Purulia is now more or less complete so there is no major amount left but this 
Rs.3300 Crores also includes some of the new projects which we will be announcing in the 
coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Ravi may I request you to join the queue for any followup as we have 
several participants waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora 
from Axis Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Sir my question was similar to the previous participant. JajooJi the thing is if you can help 
us quantify the profitability per tonne of cement because when this thousand is not a 
representable number. Is it possible to state that in the cement what was the EBITDA per 
tonne because it looks like a power has a decent number in this quarter? 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Currently we will not be able to share because we were not allowed to share our power 
number separately, but I appreciate your point, maybe from next time onwards we will find 
a way out to clarify it. 
Nitin Arora: 
Second thing I am sorry for asking you a short-term question the improvement in the fuel 
cost what you talked about we will see it from the next quarter and I am assuming this 
number is not correct in terms of cement EBITDA per tonne which you reported in this 
quarter. Can you help us at least in the direction what the benefit you are looking, is it like 
Rs.30, Rs.40 per ton or is it like Rs.100, Rs.150 per ton from the fuel cost because I do not 
have a base number to see the improvement if you can answer that that is my only question? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
It will be too early to guess that number how much that power cost will be. In terms of 
calorific value it will come down to around Rs.2.35 from the existing Rs.2.50. 
Nitin Arora: 
Got it. This is helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Thank you for taking my question. Sir first is in continuation with Nitin’s question. 
Historically we have always seen that we have carried low inventory so changes in fuel 
price typically has come to us the fastest whether it is on the way up or way down, this time 
around we see that you have built a bigger inventory. Any reason for why this change in 
strategy? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Whenever you are thinking about stocking up a commodity you have to take a view on the 
future prices. Now looking at the volatility in coal prices which was say around a year back 
which was quoting at around $300 now come down to 200, then 175. We thought probably 
this was a good level and it should not go down below this. But prices kept on coming 
down further and  now currently the prices are almost (the last shipment which we bought) 
at around $115, $120 per tonne. So the way the prices are coming down, we thought that 
probably it has come down a lot and that is why we have built in higher inventory. But it is 
a matter of time before that higher cost inventory goes down and again we will see the 
average rate of fuel coming down to these levels. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Fair point. I completely understand. Second question is for Neeraj. Shree is already one of 
the most efficient in terms of the cost structures you spoke about premiumization as one of 
the ways to take profitability up any other way, any sort of cost angle where you think there 
is more scope to improve efficiency or improve profitability that you can talk about or our 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
focus should primarily be on premiumization or brand upgrade whichever way you look at 
it? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
As the way I would see as any other company, we will operate on various levers and I am 
very confident about it that any organization has similar arguments to improve our 
performance whichever lever you use, be that manufacturing, be that logistics, be that sales 
or marketing. These are areas where we do believe there is scope of improving our 
performance. As I said while we have reached very high number of 55% of green power 
still we are evaluating where else we can up this capacity, green power that will help us 
reduce our power cost and similarly there are many other areas within manufacturing, 
within logistics where we find that there is a scope to improve performance and that is what 
we are working on. So it is not only premiumization, premiumization is just one part of the 
journey. There are other levers which we are working simultaneously and I hope given the 
fact that there are proven opportunities, no low hanging fruits, but proven opportunities. We 
should see some events happening in the coming quarters. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kamlesh Bagmar from Lotus Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Sir just one on the volume guidance which we are targeting around 36 odd million tonnes it 
is around utilization of 78% odd and given the fact that barring like say 3 million tonnes at 
Pune we have not commissioned much of the capacity. So our capacities are underutilized 
and it has been there for the last two odd years. So we do not have that great utilization 
numbers on the capacity like our peers like UltraTech. The way they are pushing volumes 
and not at the cost of lower margins they are doing phenomenal work, so why we are 
lagging on that part despite the fact that Shree has been the pioneer in terms of pushing 
volumes? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
I am sure and this is exactly what I was saying that some of the things that Shree has been 
known for which Shree’s reputation was build and one of them was building capacities 
more than the industry growth. So that is something that Shree has done very well and 
therefore has been able to multifold improve our capacities in the last several years. Having 
said that 12% to 13% growth of volumes in a year is by no means  low, it is a very high 
number given the fact that industry growth in the same period is around 7% to 8%. So it is 
not a less ambitious target. It is a very ambitious target I would say. But as I said our 
challenge would not only be to push this volumes by about 13% but also make sure that we 
reach our stated objectives of 15% of our premium products. So it is going to be lot of hard 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
work now for us from now till year end to make sure that we are able to reach such 
ambitions. 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Secondly like I know you have given the clarification on the part of not telling about the 
individual numbers or separate numbers for the power business but like at least we can give 
some trend like how we have performed as compared to with the peers like internally we 
would be doing analysis on that part because there has been so much of volatility in the 
power in a quarter we went down to like say 50 Crores EBITDA loss on that and then we 
moved to 100 Crores profit on that so at least let us say how much we have seen on the 
actual or the pure EBITDA business in the cement? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
We appreciate your point and  internally we have all the numbers. But then you also please 
try to understand that power constitutes, if you look at it from an overall perspective, power 
constitutes hardly 3% or 4% of our total revenue so it is not that material and that is why 
our Board decided against sharing power numbers separately. Earlier we used to give power 
data separately but then looking at the overall things and materiality which is hardly 3% to 
4%, the Board decided that henceforth we should discontinue giving power separately and 
same not to  be treated as a segment. So that is why it is not possible to share the numbers 
but we really appreciate your concern and maybe we will try from next quarter how to 
address it. We will internally discuss and then try to see how we can sort this out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Bagmar request you to join the queue for followup. The next question is 
from the line of Navin Sahadeo from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you for this. Sir just one question from my side because from as you said in Odisha 
we launched a premium product, also we get from the market feedback is that in north per 
se we are looking at launching or recently launched an OPC 53 grade kind of a high 
strength high quality kind of a product so with focus of on premiumization wherein the 
product itself is not a push product it is a pull product which also has a higher cost to it 
same time the influencers or the channel partners have to be slightly rewarded more to 
recommend that product so in general the cost is a little high against that we also have a 
volume target which is much superior than the industry. So how does this trade-off works, 
how do you think this trade-off will be in favor of rising cost and also the volume that we 
are looking at from a margin perspective? Thanks. 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
The way I look at it, the market in India is clearly not one market, we have at least three 
types of market. One market is what we call in automobile terms a Mercedes S-Class 
market, we also have a E-class market and a B class market, and we also have something in 
India which is a very important segment now growing very fast and very big segment which 
is the B2B business. They are non-trade segment of the business. So for each of these 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
segments we have a specific market size and what our thinking is that Shree should be 
present in just not one market segment but multiple market segments so that we can 
participate in each of these market sizes. So it is not like pushing premium means that you 
will not be able to achieve overall volume growth because premium products are going to 
compete in a totally different segment and that segment if I do not serve somebody else will 
serve that segment right. So it is not due to the belief that if you are having a premium 
segment then overall volumes will be constrained, in fact to remind you a multi-segmented 
approach to market will only add to our capacity of further achieving volume numbers, this 
is how I see. 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Appreciate Sir. Great. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shouvik Chakraborty from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shouvik Chakraborty: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Sir I just wanted to know can you share the cement 
realization for this quarter and also for the year-on-year the last quarter also? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
Realization for the current quarter is around 4850 it was similar to that in December and in 
March last year it was around 4743 and for full year the realization will be for the current 
year it is around 4872 as compared to 4732 last year. 
Shouvik Chakraborty: 
Got it Sir. Thank you that was my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is followup question from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sir my questions are answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Follow up question 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Thank you for the opportunity again, so I just wanted to check what is the region wise 
capacity utilization in Q4 and FY2023? 
Subhash Jajoo: 
The capacity utilization in Q4 was around 78% as compared to 71% in March 2022, it was 
72% in the December quarter and for full year last year it was 64% and for a full year fiscal 
year 23 it is around 70% . We are continuously increasing the capacity utilization. 
Amit Murarka: 
I was just checking for like if you could give it region wise let us say for north, east and 
South like I think you used to share it earlier. 

 
 
  
Shree Cement Limited 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Subhash Jajoo: 
In  north we are operating at around 80%, east we are operating at around 82% and south, as 
the new unit Pune has come up, so the utilization is slightly down, at around 65%. 
Amit Murarka: 
Understood and on the TSR expansion to 15% target like does it also involve some capex 
and setting up some units at the plants? 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
Yes exactly what I said that we are setting up state-of-art facilities in our plant for feeding 
AFR which is a major challenge in our industry or how do you feed in. In the calciner or the 
kiln part which has different moisture levels, different chemistry be it in agricultural AFR 
or be it in the municipal AFR, be it in the industrial AFR. Right. So that is why we are 
setting up this feeding system so that we are able to feed to the maximum extent possible in 
the cement plant. So there will be some capex involved and we started last year itself to 
create those facilities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that would be our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Sahadeo for closing comments. Thank you 
and over to you! 
Navin Sahadeo: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities I once again thank the management and all the 
participants on the call. Akhoury Sir if you have any closing comments please take that and 
we will conclude the call. Thank you. 
Neeraj Akhoury: 
Again on behalf of the management of Shree and everybody present today in the call we 
would like to really thank all our investors, all our shareholder groups who have come here 
today. It is encouraging when you all ask questions, when you ask some deep probing 
questions, it is frustrating when we are not able to answer any of those questions but we will 
come back next time more prepared, better prepared. Overall Shree is on the right path, 
right direction. Our assurance to all of you that the performance Shree is known for will be 
continued, the team that Shree is known for will continue, the deliverable position Shree is 
known for will continue. We will reach those targets that we spoke about. Thank you very 
much everybody for participating today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription extract and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
