3IItrTft
3r{d
€ntq-n €Bqr RrFrts
(qrnr rr+r< +r sqq) q-tr1-d $tqtilq: gkcrqn, q{Tsr
Efu
Oil lndia Limited
(A Governmeni of lndia Enterprise) Registered Ofiice "Duliajan, Assam
ffie. c. 19, ter 16-(, iqrsr-2ol SOf iItr( ct{r
Plot No. : 19, Sector 16-A, Noida-201 301, Uttar Pradesh
Kt'rlc / Telephone :0120-2419000 t*s / Fax 0120-2488310
CIN : L11101AS1959GO1001148 {-t-r z E-mait : oilindia@oilindia.in, a{€T{z z Website ' wwwoil-india.com
National Stock Exchange of India Limited I BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
I Department of Corporate Service
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
I Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
I Dalal Street
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
| Mumbai - 400 001
NSE Symbol: OIL 
I RSE Security Code:533106
Sir/Madam,
We writ<!' further to our letter of even no. dated 05.08.2023 &
Conference Call to discuss the Finhncial Results of the Company for
inform herewith that the Transcript of the said Call [dated 09.08.2023]
ouf website as detailed hereunder:
Ref. No. OIL/SEC/32-334{SE-BSE
Dated: 12.08.2023
09.08.2023 regarding
Ql (FY 2023-24) and
has been uploaded on
Sub: Conference Call for Ol Financial Results (F.Y. 2023-24) lTranscriptl
Ref: Reeulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Reeulations. 2015
www.oil-india.com :l 
Investors llf 
Investor Services 4 
Analysts & Investors Meet r|
Transcript of the Analysts'and Investors'Call on 09th August, 2023
Weblink: https://www.oi l-
india.com/Document/Financia l/QlFY24EarnininssConferenceCall0g.08.202three.pdf
The above is for your information & records please.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Oil India Limited
(A.K.Sahoo)
Company Secretary &
Compliance Officer
Encl.: As above
AJAYA 
KUMAR 
SAHOO
Digitally signed 
by AJAYA 
KUMAR SAHOO 
Date: 2023.08.12 
15:30:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 30 
 
 
 
 
“Oil India Limited  
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARISH MADHAV – DIRECTOR FINANCE – OIL 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ KUMAR GOSWAMI – DIRECTOR, 
OPERATIONS – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
DR. MANAS KUMAR SHARMA – DIRECTOR 
EXPLORATION & DEVELOPMENT – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SACHIDANANDA MAHARANA – CHIEF GENERAL 
MANAGER, FINANCE – OIL INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SABRI HAZARIKA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the 
Oil India Limited Q1 FY '24 Results Call hosted by 
Emkay Global Financial Service. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sabri Hazarika 
from Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Yes. Thank you, Yusuf. On behalf of Emkay 
Global Financial Services, I welcome you all to the 
post Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Oil India 
Limited. The company is represented by Shri Harish 
Madhav, Director-Finance; Shri Pankaj Kumar 
Goswami, Director, Operations; and Dr. Manas 
Kumar 
Sharma, 
Director, 
Exploration 
& 
Development. So today's session would be a brief on 
the results by the management, followed by the 
question-and-answer round. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 30 
 
So without any further delay, now I welcome Mr. 
Harish Madhav for the opening comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Harish Madhav: 
Good morning, Sabri and thank you very much 
for arranging this call. Good morning to all the 
participants as well from my side, as well as my 
colleagues present here. I'm expecting that our 
operations director joined little later part of this call 
because he is busy with some interviews. We will call 
if required. And my colleague, Mr. Maharana, he is 
the CGM Finance, he is available and other colleagues 
are also present here. 
So the results we have already communicated to all 
people yesterday as well as posted on our website. We 
have posted a growth of about 3.5% in our profit after 
tax for the financial year for the first quarter compared 
to last year first quarter. And sequentially also, there 
is a little drop, but then the last year Q4 numbers were 
such in different and we accounted for some dividend, 
etcetera, and other income in Q4 last year, about 
INR400-odd crores, which is down to about INR300 
crores this quarter. 
On the physical sites, crude oil production, we have 
continued with the growth of about 5% on a quarter-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 30 
 
to-quarter basis last year. We continued with the 
production growth of crude oil this quarter also, it has 
continued. Natural gas production suffered a little bit 
because of the offtake issues on part of various 
consumers, mainly in the Numaligarh refinery, we 
didn't operate almost for the full quarter for -- first 
initially for maintenance shutdown and then because 
of the fire incident. BBSPL also went into shutdown. 
BCPL also went into shutdown, these were all 
scheduled 
maintenance 
shutdown 
which 
coincidentally happened at the same point of time. So 
that has affected the natural gas production. 
And currently, the production of this BCPL, BBSPL 
has also last week, they have resumed their operations. 
So plant is coming back to the production levels or 
normalized levels. Numaligarh refinery has already 
normalized. So going forward, we expect the natural 
gas to come back to the growth profile that we 
projected. 
Further details, I will request my colleague, Mr. 
Maharana, to give a brief on the company's detailed 
performance, and then we can open up for the question 
and answer. Maharana? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 30 
 
Sachidananda Maharana: Thank you. Good morning, dear friends. 
At the outset, I would like to thank M/s Emkay Global 
Financial Services Limited for organizing today's 
analyst call. I am Sachidananda Maharana, Chief 
General Manager, Finance. I'm happy to announce 
that the Company has been granted prestigious 
Maharatna status vide MOPNG letter dated 4th 
August, 2023. The Company has also received nil 
comment from C&AG on the financial statements for 
the year FY '22-'23. The company's financial results 
of Q1 FY '24 were published on 8th August, 2023. I 
will briefly share information on the performance of 
the company in both physical and financial terms. 
Coming to the stand-alone results, beginning with the 
production numbers. Crude oil production for Q1 FY 
'24 is 0.820 MMT vis-a-vis 0.779 MMT for Q1 FY 
'23, thereby increased by 5.26%. Natural gas 
production for Q1 FY '24 is 745 MMSCM vis-a-vis 
771 MMSCM for Q1 FY '23, decreased by 3.37%. 
On the financial side, the Company has reported 
3.72% increase in profit after tax during Q1 FY '24 at 
INR1,613 crores from INR1,556 crores in Q1 FY '23. 
The turnover has decreased by 22.12% during Q1 FY 
'24 compared to Q1 FY '23, which is mainly due to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 30 
 
lower crude oil price of USD76.85 per barrel in Q1 
FY '24 versus USD112.73 per barrel in Q1 FY '23. 
Average natural gas price for Q1 FY '24 increased to 
US$6.50 per MMBTU vis-a-vis US$6.10 per 
MMBTU during Q1 FY '23. 
The EBITDA margin for the period ended 30th June 
'23, has increased to 53.49% as compared to 44.76% 
in the previous comparative period, an increase of 
19.5%. The earnings per share for the period ended 
30th June '23, has increased marginally to INR14.88 
per share as compared to INR14.34 per share in the 
previous comparative period. 
Coming to financial performance of our material 
subsidiary 
in 
Numaligarh 
Refinery 
Limited. 
Numaligarh Refinery Limited has incurred a loss of 
INR77.56 crores during Q1 FY'24 vis-a-vis INR1,407 
crores during Q1 FY'23, which was mainly due to 
refinery shut down for almost 75 days during Q1 
FY'24. The EPS for Q1 FY'24 is for NRL, it is a 
negative INR0.52 per share vis-a-vis INR19.12 per 
share for the Q1 FY'23. 
Coming to the consolidated results due to the above 
stated shutdown of NRL, there has been some 
negative impact on the consolidated performance of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 30 
 
the company. Consolidated turnover of OIL for the 
first quarter ended 30th June 2023, has decreased to 
INR6,408 crores, vis-a-vis INR11,563 crores for the 
first quarter ended 30th June 22, which was mainly due 
to the shutdown of Numaligarh Refinery Limited by 
almost 75 days during Q1'24, and reduction in the 
prices of crude oil in the first quarter '24 compared to 
first quarter '23. 
The consolidated profit before tax for the first quarter 
ended 30th June '24 is INR1,843 crores, vis-a-vis 
INR4,333 crores for the first quarter ended 30th 
June'23, a decrease of 57.46%. The consolidated 
profit after tax for the first quarter ended 30th June '24 
is INR1,399 crores vis-a-vis INR3,230 crores for the 
first quarter ended 30th June 2023, a decrease of 
56.68%. 
With this, my opening remarks on the performance is 
over, and we are now open to the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. Whoever wants to ask a 
question by pressing star and one on the touchphone 
pad. If you wish to remove yourself from the question 
que, you may press star then two. Particpents are 
requested to use handset while asking the questions. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 30 
 
Ladies and gentleman, we will wait for the moment 
while the questions que are sampled. First question is 
from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I 
have a couple of questions. One was, if we can get a 
sense of oil sales as a percentage of production this 
quarter seems to have declined a bit compared to 
previous quarters. If I look at the last couple of 
quarters, that average has been closer to about 96% to 
98%. This quarter, it's reduced to about 91%. So, just 
wanted to understand the reason for the same, if any? 
S. Maharana: Yes, basically, the sales during this quarter is slightly 
down because mainly because of the NRL shutdown 
which was for 75 days which we had already told. 
Although that was offset by more -- offtake by IOC 
refineries in Guwahati and Bongaigaon. But that's 
why sales is down, but the closing stock has gone up 
to that extent, which we expect to normalize in the 
next quarters to come because NRL has now come 
into full operations. 
Probal Sen: 
Okay. And sir, the reason for the slightly lower gas 
production performance? Any specific reason or is it 
just a one-off? How should we read into it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 30 
 
S. Maharana: As DF sir has already told, the gas offtake was slightly 
lower this quarter, mainly on account of shutdown of 
NRL, BBSPL and also BCPL. These are all scheduled 
shutdowns, which coincidentally happened at the 
same time. So, with the starting of operations that is 
also expected to be normalized. 
Probal Sen: 
So, no change to our annual guidance, sir? If I can just 
ask what guidance you had given earlier in terms of 
our overall production growth that we expect from 
both oil and gas of somewhere around 2% to 3% for 
this year. That is still maintained, right as of now? 
Harish Madhav:So, we maintain that, and most likely, we'll be 
surpassing that the guidance, which we have already 
given we could have seen. The first quarter crude 
production has grown more than 5%. Natural gas is 
the first only because of the reasons which my 
colleague had just mentioned. So hopefully, natural 
gas also going forward we'll keep it up. And 4% to 5% 
growth is not at all questionable, we will certainly be 
achieving that. 
Probal Sen: 
That's great to know. Sir, 1 last question, if I may. 
What's the status of the NRL refinery now? I'm sorry 
if I missed it in your opening remarks. Is it back to full 
operation or what's the status right now? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: Yes, it is back to full operation, 100% capacity 
utilization, it is running normally. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you so much sir. I appreciate your time. I will 
come back if I have any questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Abhishek Nigam from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Nigam: Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, if 
you could just give us some clarity on the pipeline 
business because the revenue has been fluctuating 
over there. So just what is happening over there? 
Harish Madhav: 
Pipeline basically, if you see the whole -- there 
are two things. Basically, we have two pipelines. One 
is the product pipeline, which carries Numaligarh 
Refinery finished products from Numaligarh to 
Siliguri. Now, when the refinery was not in operation, 
by default the pipeline also didn't function, all the 
throughput was very minimal. So, that revenue has got 
affected.  
And also this -- that is the main reason. And the crude 
also has – in the previous questions the crude sales is 
also led by 4%, 5% compared to the earlier period. So, 
crude transportation also to that extent is affected. So, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 30 
 
that is the main reason. And hopefully, these two 
things with the refinery running normally both crude 
and product transportation is back to normal levels as 
of now, and the revenue streams will also normalize 
in the current quarter. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Fair enough, sir. And my second question is 
when the Kirit Parikh committee came out, there was 
this provision that of 20% higher gas price for 
production from new wells, but nobody was really 
sure if IOR/EOR production is included in that or not. 
So is there some more clarity now on that aspect? 
Harish Madhav: 
No, there's no clarity as there. Though the 
guidelines was supposed to be issued by DGH within 
3 months. but we are expecting that it's still not issued. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Okay. 
Okay. 
Sir, 
last 
question 
is 
on 
Indradhanush Gas Grid, if you can give us some 
updates? That will be very useful. 
Harish Madhav: 
On the Northeast gas grid? 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Yes, yes. 
Harish Madhav: 
That gas grid is operational. Basically, the 
project is under execution at the normal flow, maybe 
we will hold this question for some -- a little later 
when the Director Operations comes -- joins the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 30 
 
conference. But let me tell you, the project is moving 
as per the schedule. And I think the first leg of this 
project will get commissioned by end of December 
current year. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Okay. That’s very useful sir. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: Thank you sir for giving this opportunity. First 
question was about the specific reduction in the other 
expenditure that we have seen in the quarter, like 
insurance. One component is exploration cost, which 
has come down. But apart from that, there are 
reduction in the insurance and other element as well 
from INR360 crores to INR128 crores. Could you also 
explain the -- as well as the cost of support services is 
also lower. So could you give us a bit more color about 
it? 
T. Kotoky: 
Actually, the primary reason for this reduction in other 
expenditure is attributable to the lower provision of 
the write off of the exploratory well, which will be 
roughly about INR200 crores. And other provisions if 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 30 
 
we take have also reduced substantially by roughly 
around -- about INR160 crores, and there is an impact 
of INR229 crores reduction in the foreign exchange 
loss, which is actually contributed to the substantial 
reduction in other expenses. 
Harish Madhav: 
What you are referring to insurance, etcetera, is 
basically not a reduction in the insurance cost. It's a 
reduction in the foreign exchange loss component, 
which is clubbed into this. 
Kirtan Mehta: Right. Understood. The second question was about the 
GST on royalty. When I think we met during the last 
analyst meet, the ONGC has taken a provision for it, 
and we were planning to sort of analyse this issue. So 
have we firmed up our view that whether we'll be 
providing for GST on royalty? 
Harish Madhav: 
Yes, we are still examining it. And during the 
current year, certainly some view will be taken. But as 
of now, we have not taken a view. And I understand 
our matter which is pending before the Guwahati High 
Court is also likely to get scheduled for hearing 
shortly. So we are just waiting for that event also to 
happen. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 30 
 
So we'll wait for some more time. Let's wait for this 
Guwahati High Court's hearing on merit, we'll get 
some indication. After that, whatever profitable for us, 
is required, we will take it. But certainly, during the 
current financial year, we are expected to take some 
decisions on decisions on this. 
Kirtan Mehta: Right, sir. That's quite helpful. One last question on 
the capital expenditure plan for the year and actual 
capital expenditure during Q1, both for stand-alone as 
well as NRL? 
Harish Madhav: 
’23-’24, our target capex is around INR4,900 
crores. And in the first quarter Q1, already about INR 
INR1,300 crores is the actual capex. Our target for the 
full year is INR4,900 crores. Actual capex is about 
INR1,300 crores in Q1. 
Kirtan Mehta: Is this only for standalone or it's for the consolidated 
operations, sir? 
Harish Madhav: 
This is the standalone. And NRL -- both 
numbers are the stand-alone and NRL's targeted capex 
or planned capex is INR8,800 crores. And till first 
quarter, it is about INR1,600 crores. 
Kirtan Mehta: Thank you sir, I will come back in the que. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 30 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, we move to the next question and 
reminder to the participants, anyone who wishes to 
ask question, may press star and one. The next 
question is from the line of Varatharajan Sivasankaran 
from Antique Stock Limited. Please go ahead. 
V Sivasankaran: 
Thank you Sir. With regard to the restart of 
Numaligarh refinery, was there a significant cost 
involved and how it has been traded? 
Harish Madhav: 
Can you repeat the question. We missed it 
somehow. 
V Sivasankaran: 
Yes. So Numaligarh restart, was there a 
significant cost involved and how it has been traded 
so? 
S. Maharana: For this restart of this NRL refinery, they have 
considered close to INR7 crores in the financial 
statements as exceptional cost during this Q1. 
V Sivasankaran: 
Right Sir, and you gave a capex of INR8,000-
odd crores for the current year. The overall capex 
number target remains the same? And how about the 
petrochem part of it? Is there any escalation? 
Harish Madhav: 
Your voice is somewhat not very clear. Can you 
once again repeat? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 30 
 
V Sivasankaran: 
Yes sir, the overall capex for Numaligarh 
remains the same? Or has there been any escalation 
and specifically on the petrochem part? Has there been 
any change? 
Harish Madhav: 
No, no. It remains the same INR28,000 crores, 
whatever the approved project cost was, that remains 
the same as of now. There's no escalation. 
V Sivasankaran: 
Ok, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sivasankaran, has that answered your question? 
V Sivasankaran: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. he next question is from the line of Mr. 
Hardik from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hardik: 
Hi Sir, Good Morning. So I just want to check on the 
provision on the write-off we have during the year on 
the comparative basis year-on-year? 
Harish MAdhav: 
What do you want? What details you need? 
Hardik: 
Explanatory write-off, which we provide, earlier we 
used to give a separate number in the analyst release. 
Can you just share the comparable number for this 
quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: 
Total provisions and write-offs for dry well is 
about INR70 crores in current year Q1, it was 
INR400/390 crores -- INR390 crores last year first 
quarter. 
Hardik: 
Sure, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Hemang Khanna from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Hemang Khanna: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question, I hope I 
am audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes you are, please go ahead. 
Hemang Khanna: Sir, I just wanted to check with you. I'm sorry if you 
already discussed this earlier. The other expenses, 
when we look at the breakup, which you mentioned in 
the highlights, there's been a very strong decline in 
other expenses, both on a Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis. If 
you could please just reiterate what were the key 
drivers for the lower other expenses this quarter? 
T. Kotoky: 
Actually, this reduction in other expenses is basically 
on account of lower provision of the write-off for well 
which is roughly about INR200 crores. And other 
provisions have also reduced by roughly around 
INR160 crores. And there is a substantial reduction on 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 30 
 
account of foreign exchange loss. This is roughly 
about... 
Hemang Khanna: 
I actually saw the breakup. Within the breakup 
itself, if you look at other expenditure on a Y-o-Y 
basis, other is about INR206 crores in 1Q last year, 
which is now at about INR68 crores. If you could just 
help understanding what has changed over there? Is 
there anything specific which has led to this? Because 
I think in the previous quarter also, that is about 
INR350 crores. 
T. Kotoky: 
Are you interested in any particular item or what? I 
couldn't understand actually? 
Hemang Khanna: 
If you look at your other expenditure breakup 
which you provided in the financial highlights, the last 
line over there, the other expenditure is at INR68 
crores in -- out of the total. I just wanted to understand 
how has that moved on a Y-o-Y basis? Because 
previous year, that was about INR205 crores. So what 
is -- largely my question to ask is, is this run rate 
sustainable? And is this the kind of run rate that we 
should be building in for other expenses going 
forward? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: 
I think we will respond to this query a little later. 
Let’s take other questions. 
Hemang Khanna: That is ok, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wants to ask question, 
may please press star and one. The next question is 
from the line of Abhijeet Bora from Sharekhan by 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Bora: good Morning Sir. I have a few questions. Firstly, can 
we get the cash cost for both oil and gas exploration 
business? 
Harish Madhav: 
Exploration? 
Abhijeet Bora: Cash cost for oil production and the gas production 
excluding the depreciation. 
Harish Madhav: 
It is about $8, $8.5 per barrels, excluding levies. 
Abhijeet Bora: Excluding? 
Harish Madhav: 
Levies. Royalty, sales, SED, etc. Taxes are 
separate. 
Abhijeet Bora: Okay. And for gas? 
Harish Madhav: 
Gas is around $2 per MMBTU. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 30 
 
Abhijeet Bora: Okay. And what is the opex per barrel in a normalized 
scenario for NRL? 
Harish Madhav: 
Opex NRL I think that number is readily not 
available. Only the GRM is reported. We'll have to 
come back to you later. 
Abhijeet Bora: Okay. And gross debt on both stand-alone and 
consolidated level end of Q1? 
S. Maharana: On stand-alone balance sheet, we have US$1,355 
million. 
Harish Madhav: 
It is about INR11,000 crores -- INR11,000 
crores, INR12,000 crores on the stand-alone and 
consolidated debt is about, about INR18,000 crores. 
Abhijeet Bora: Okay. And the difference largely pertains to NRL, the 
difference between consol and... 
Harish Madhav: 
No. There is another $500 million loan for 
Russian investment through our Singapore subsidiary. 
So $1,355 million is the stand-alone dollar, $500 
million through Singapore and plus NRL rupee loan. 
Abhijeet Bora: Ok, thanks a lot sir. That’s all from our side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 30 
 
Vipulkumar Shah: So for expansion of NRL from 3 million to 9 
million tons, when is it likely to be completed? 
Harish Madhav: 
It is expected completion in '25 -- by end of '25. 
Vipulkumar Shah: So '26 March, we should assume? 
Harish Madhav: 
Yes. By 26 March is the refinery should be on 
stream. 
Vipulkumar Shah: And what should be the peak debt of NRL, when 
they complete? 
Harish Madhav: 
About INR18,000 crores. 
Vipulkumar Shah: And all the debt will remain on the books of 
NRL or some debt will also be on Oil India's balance 
sheet also? 
Harish Madhav: 
Nothing on Oil India balance sheet. Everything 
on NRL balance sheet only. 
Vipulkumar Shah: And sir, regarding Oil India's capex you said for 
this year INR4,900 crores, right? 
Harish Madhav: 
Yes. 
Vipulkumar Shah: So what will be the exploratory -- what will be 
the expense towards exploratory wells and what will 
be towards development wells? Can you give that 
figure? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: 
About 20% is the development drilling and 
about 40% of the expenditure is on the exploration, 
that is drilling plus Survey. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 40% in exploration and 20% in development, 
right? 
Harish Madhav: 
Yes. And the development if we talk about, it's 
only the well drilling costs. My surface facilities, 
projects, all those are another 15% another 15% / 
20%. 
Vipulkumar Shah: Okay sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: Thanks for the another opportunity. Is there any 
update on the lift off of force majeure at Mozambique 
project? 
S. Maharana: Currently, as informed by the operator, they are going 
to restart the project by end of this year, maybe around 
October, November. 
Kirtan Mehta: Right. And is there any update on the sort of revision 
in the project cost? Has the process started to estimate 
the cost escalations? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 30 
 
S. Maharana: Yes. The team is working out at it. So the final 
numbers will be available in another 2 months' time or 
so. 
Kirtan Mehta: Fine, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Harish Madhav: 
There was one question about this, the 
movement in the costs, some other expenditure from 
last year first quarter, INR200 crores. Of course, the 
current year about INR68 crores. The main reason is 
basically last year first quarter, we had made a 
provision of about INR140 crores for the minimum 
work program liabilities in the Mizoram well in the 
Mizoram NELP project, and no such provision has 
been made in the current quarter. So that is the main 
reason of the cost. We can continue with the rest of 
the questions. Another 10 minutes possibly. 
Moderator: 
The Next question is from the line of Mr. Sabri 
Hazarika from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Yeah, Good morning, sir. Thank you for the 
opportunity. Actually, I wanted to ask you regarding 
Baghjan. You have made a provision of like around 
INR200 crores, right? Based on that, committee, 
Supreme Court appointed committee, but right now, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 30 
 
it's still not clear. I mean what exactly is the issue that 
why we are not able to like come with the cost or what 
exactly is happening in this Baghjan additional 
liability? 
Harish Madhav: 
Baghjan, Sabri, the issue is that NGT has 
constituted another committee, which is supposed to 
review and estimate what is to be done as far as the 
restoration is concerned, right? And pending that only 
they had indicated to you INR200 crores, you deposit 
in a separate account. So, that we have informed the 
committee that the money is available instead of 
depositing, let it be with the company. And at any 
point, we will make it available, which has been so far 
agreed by the committee.  
Now what expenditure depending on what restoration 
work is required to be done, if at all, something is 
needed, when it will happen in current year instead 
over 2 years, 3 years, what timeframe. All those things 
the committee has just to decide and give us its 
recommendations. Only then we will know what is the 
actual work of outgo required. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right, sir. So I mean that committee will come 
and you have made -- I mean, INR200 crores of 
provision that you have made. But if we... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: 
There's absolutely no provision. It was just an 
interim order, which says keep or meeting such 
expenditure the company should deposit INR200 
crores, keeps INR200 crores in a separate account. No 
provision has been made, no separate money deposit 
has been done. This is what I am saying. Actual cost 
as and when incurred as per the recommendations, or 
the work decided by the committee that will be 
booked in the respective period. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Second question is on NRL. 
When exactly did it come back on operations? And 
when did it hit the full utilization in, say, July in Q2? 
Harish Madhav: 
It came back to operation, I think in the last week 
of June towards -- between 20, 25th of June, 
sometime, it came back to operation. And then I think 
within a week, it was back to the normal operations, 
because all of the units, one by one unit have to start 
with the CDU and then supplementary units. So, 
currently the refinery is running absolutely normal. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Okay. So for Q2 also, we will -- we can assume 
optimal, I mean, full utilization of the refinery right? 
Harish Madhav: 
Q2 refinery will be fully utilized yes 100% 
utilized. In fact, we may be trying to recover 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 30 
 
something more than 100% because to recoup the 
throughput loss in the first quarter. That will be the 
effort on the part of the refinery. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right, sir. And secondly, another question is 
regarding your other income. So you had -- you said 
some dividend scheme. It came from NRL in Q1? 
Harish Madhav: 
NO NO NO. It came from our Singapore 
subsidiary through which we hold the Russian 
investments Venkor and Taas. So that dividend was 
declared by the Singapore subsidiary itself. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
So are you -- I mean, is there some breakthrough 
in bringing the Russian dividend to India or it's like 
pending from last year only? 
Harish Madhav: 
This is out of the funds, which are already there 
in the Singapore. Russia has been inched up only after 
February or March '22, the dividend. But before that 
whatever dividends were received, they have already 
been migrated to Singapore and out of that only this 
dividend has been distributed. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, last question regarding 
your NRL rights issues, I think, you have allotted your 
share of fund. What about the other parties? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: 
Assam Government also, also, we understand 
the capital approval has been taken. We are expecting 
the actual investment to happen shortly. And EIL also, 
I think they are in the process of offering some 
ministry approval, which is going on. So I think within 
a month or so, EIL also should be able to invest. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Right, sir. Okay, thank you so much. We have 
got like two more questions after which we'll end the 
call. I think the last two questions. And so in five 
minutes, seven minutes, we will be done. Thank you 
so much for this call. Operator, please go ahead with 
the last two questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Next question is from the line of 
Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Probal Sen: 
Thank you for giving me another opportunity. I just 
had one more question about the Indradhanush 
project. Sir, if you think this address our memory in 
terms of what is the additional or incremental gas 
demand that you see opening up once the 
Indradhanush gas grid is fully operational. Any rough 
sense you can get? Because if I remember, you have 
put in place an ambitious plan to reach 4 MP of oil and 
5 BCM of gas production annually over the next 
couple of years. So how important is this 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 30 
 
Indradhanush Gas Grid in achieving that plan? And 
how much demand can be absorbed once this grid is 
operational? Just any sense you can give, sir? 
Harish Madhav: 
You are talking about the Northeast gas grid? 
Probal Sen: 
Yes, sir, the Northeast gas grid. 
Harish Madhav: 
See, actual demand estimate, how much will be 
going through that will not be -- we are not able to say 
as of now. But one thing is very clear because the gas 
grid will be collected to Guwahati and all northeast 
capital-- this state. And there is a facility of both 
forward as well as the reverse movement of natural 
gas. So if required that can also be processed in 
mainland. So accordingly, whatever production we 
are able to do for connecting to IGGL and post 
commissioning 
of 
IGGL, 
most 
likely 
100% 
production will get utilized. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood. So unlike before now your production 
won't be constrained because of our lack of offtake 
opportunity is the point? 
Harish Madhav: 
Absolutely. Yes. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood. And sir, the 5 BCM time line, are we still 
holding on to somewhere around FY '25-'26 to reach 
that target? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 30 
 
Harish Madhav: 
yes Yes. All those production targets we are 
holding on to that. 
Probal Sen: 
Fantastic. Thank so much for your time. I appreciate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our last question from the line of 
Mr. Yogesh Patil from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Thanks for taking my question, sir. I have a few 
questions related to oil production and gas production. 
Can you please provide, how much is JV production 
in oil and how much it is in the case of gas, in terms 
of quantity, what was it during the quarter? 
Harish Madhav: 
Those numbers -- JV production is very, very 
miniscule, in fact,  negligible rather. As far as JV 
production, as you see increase for crude oil is out of 
total 0.82 million tonnes. JV production is only 0.002. 
And in case of natural gas also -- natural gas out of 
745 MMSCM of gas. This production is only 12. So 
12 out of 745 and 0.002 out of 0.82. So that's what I 
said is the negligible contribution that is negligible, 
almost we can say 100% is through OIL India’s stand 
alone. 
Yogesh Patil: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot for this information.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no 
further questions from the participants, I now hand the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oil India Limited 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 30 
 
conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
Harish Madhav: 
Thank you all the participants once again, for 
your interest in Oil India, your interest in our stock 
and in the operations of the company, asking so many 
questions. We are open to any further questions 
through e-mail or anything on telephone. You have 
the contact numbers of our people almost all of you 
must be having. So anytime, please feel free in case 
any further queries you have, any clarifications, we 
are absolutely open for sharing information. And 
thank you so much once again for participating in this 
conference call. And thank you, Sabri for arranging -- 
Sabri and Emkay for arranging this conference call. 
Thank you so much, once again. 
S. Maharana: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Emkay Global 
Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
