 
 
  
31st July, 2023 
 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code : 532755 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Plot No. - C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol : TECHM 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023 conducted after 
the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 26th July, 2023, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.techmahindra.com/en-in/investors/disclosure-events/  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Tech Mahindra Limited 
 
 
 
Anil Khatri  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
Anil 
Mohanlal 
Khatri
Digitally signed 
by Anil Mohanlal 
Khatri 
Date: 2023.07.31 
17:23:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Tech Mahindra Limited Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CP GURNANI – MD AND CEO 
MR. MOHIT JOSHI – MD (DESIGNATE) 
MR. MANISH VYAS – PRESIDENT (COMMUNICATIONS, 
MEDIA AND ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS) & CEO -  
NETWORK SERVICES 
MR. ROHIT ANAND – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. JAGDISH MITRA – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
AND HEAD OF GROWTH 
MR. BIRENDRA SEN – BUSINESS HEAD – TECH 
MAHINDRA BUSINESS PROCESS SERVICES 
MR. VIVEK AGARWAL – PRESIDENT – APJI 
(ENTERPRISE), BFSI & CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
MR. HARSHVENDRA SOIN – GLOBAL CHIEF PEOPLE 
OFFICER AND HEAD MARKETING 
MR. LAKSHMANAN CHIDAMBARAM – PRESIDENT – 
AMERICAS (ENTERPRISE BUSINESS) 
MR. ATEET DHAWAN – CHIEF TRANSFORMATION 
OFFICER 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to the Tech Mahindra Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance, join the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. CP Gurnani – MD and CEO, Tech Mahindra. Thank you 
and over to you Sir. 
CP Gurnani: 
Good morning, good afternoon, good evening wherever you all are thanking you for joining this 
Call. 
This Q1-FY24 Earnings Call, I have with me my senior leadership, whom most of you have 
interacted with, but I do have my other colleague, Mohit Joshi, who is taking over from me, and 
he is MD (Designate). I want to take this opportunity on behalf of everyone to welcome Mohit 
Joshi to Tech Mahindra. He has now spent about 5 weeks in the Company and as the old saying 
goes, “baptism by fire”. Sure enough, he is getting the required exposure at the same time. He 
will share his own experiences with you. 
Tough times don't last. Unprecedented times don't last. Challenges of global economy, 
challenges of communication media sector. I think I can keep counting. Several reasons why 
Tech Mahindra has faced one of its toughest quarters in recent times. My own personal belief is 
some of the transformative projects coming to an end, one odd customer declaring bankruptcy, 
a few challenges on the road and overall, the revenue drop and our cost, I mean we have not 
been able to balance it, right and which has become a prescription for a reasonably bad quarter 
in terms of our overall performance and I can only see an upside. 
Really three or four reasons why I think we have a decent upside: 
1. 
Our client-driven, customer relationships. Our dialogue with the customers is still 
strong. That effectively means we can plan a lot better, and our customer centricity 
will help us recover from where we are. 
2. 
Our investment in talent. Just to give you an example, we trained and upskilled 8,000 
people last quarter in new AI platforms and in generative AI. Effectively, that means 
that we have used some of these challenges to repurpose and retrain our people. So, 
our focus on people, focus on talent overall, is quite strong. Generative AI Studio 
developing a large set of solutions and use cases. I think it will help us as we go 
forward. 
3. 
We clearly are again investing making sure that we continue with our investments not 
only in the new technologies, we have announced more investments in quantum-
computing, cybersecurity and AI, but I think overall our primary differentiator will be 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
5G connected solutions and networks and experience management. And we will 
convert them into solutions for the clients, not only the 30 use cases that I said about 
AI, but also by increasing our reach with the clients. 
4. 
Last but not the least, there are operating levers, both Harsh and Rohit have worked, 
and we are getting into that mode of “Execute, Execute, Execute”. 
So, while we have various accolades also from our technology partners, from different customers 
but I think it is important to recognize that our results could have been better. 
I can take you through the Results, but I think the best way is to reinforce my confidence that 
this quarter is a blip in our growth trajectory. We have a robust pipeline of opportunities across 
all geographies, across all verticals, across all service lines. We pride ourselves on our customer 
centricity and people centricity. We are confident in our ability to overcome the current 
challenges and we will appear stronger as a leader in the IT Services industry. 
We have a solid foundation of capabilities, assets, values and differentiators from our 
competitors. The market demand is still strong, and we do believe that we are in a position for 
future growth. 
So, I can only reinforce that treat this as a blip and we are getting better focused on execution, 
more agile on meeting revenue and cost. 
And over to you, Rohit. If you would like to take us through the numbers.  
Rohit Anand: 
Good evening, everyone. Good morning, good afternoon basically where you are. 
Let me cover the Company’s financials for the Quarter Ending June 2023. 
We ended the 1st Quarter with revenue of USD 1,601 million versus USD 1,668 million in the 
last quarter, which was a sequential decline of 4% QoQ. The decline was greater in our CME 
vertical, which declined by 9.4%, while the Enterprise decline was marginal at 0.4% QoQ. 
Our TCV deal wins were lower than in the previous quarter at USD 359 million. Revenue in 
INR terms was INR 13,159 crores versus INR 13,718 crore in Q4, showing a reduction of 4.1% 
QoQ. 
The EBIT for the quarter was USD 108 million, rupee terms INR 891 crore versus the last quarter 
at USD 186 million, in rupee terms INR 1530 crores in Q4. 
The EBIT margin was at 6.8%, a drop of 440 basis point due to three areas of drop: 
1. 
Revenue drop, impacting margin quarter-over-quarter. We had to take a one-time 
provision in the quarter mainly driven by certain customer declaring bankruptcy and 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
on accounting principles, we have to reserve for that exposure that's causing a one-
time provision in the quarter impacting margin by approximately 2%. 
2. 
The seasonality in Comviva where the top line decrease impacted the margin of 0.5%. 
3. 
There is 2% on one-time provision, reduction 2% broadly on revenue drop impacting 
margins and 0.5% due to Comviva seasonality. 
Below EBIT other income for the quarter was USD 23 million versus USD 37 million in Q4. 
The quarter’s gain was USD 5.4 million compared to a loss of USD 0.8 million in Q4. The 
effective tax rate for the quarter was 27.6% and PAT for the quarter was at USD 84 million in 
rupee terms INR 693 crores. 
Net profit margin for the quarter was 5.3%. Our free cash flow for Q1-FY24 was USD 106 
million, 126% of PAT. DSO was up by 2 days at 98 compared to Q4 at 96. 
As mentioned earlier, we continue to consistently follow a rule-based hedging policy. As of June 
2023, the total hedging book was USD 2.7 billion versus USD 2.3 billion in Q4’23. Based on 
hedge accounting treatment net mark to market at the end of 30th June was USD 33 million, of 
which USD 8 million was taken to the P&L and the rest USD 25 million was taken in reserve. 
We have the cash, the cash equivalent of USD 939 million, in rupee terms INR 7,701 crores as 
of 30th June. 
In summary, I would like to reiterate that we are committed towards executing the planned target 
action as CP mentioned to improve our profitability as we head into the rest of the year. 
CP Gurnani: 
Rohit, I'll just talk for 30 seconds. I just wanted again to welcome Mohit and Mohit, if you would 
like to just say hello to the audience. 
Mohit Joshi: 
Thank you, CP, and it's great to speak to all of you again. Just to make three points. The first is 
that as CP mentioned it has now been five weeks since I joined TechM and I've really been 
gratified by the very warm welcome I've received from the teams, from the wider ecosystem, 
from many of you and from our clients. 
The second piece is that over the past four to six weeks, I've had the opportunity to visit many 
of our clients, to visit many of our centers to take stock of our service lines and I'm very enthused 
by what I see: a very strong connect with the employees, who really have a very unique affinity 
to Tech Mahindra and to the broader Mahindra Group and its values. Got to meet a set of 
customers who again in most cases have had a multi-decade relationship with TechM and really 
see us as an integral part of their tech-driven transformation journeys. And then got to a sense 
of our service lines, right, which really have seen a lot of investment, our innovative, and across 
the board are being infused with AI as well. 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
And the last point I wanted to make was obviously we've had a challenging quarter, but in the 
medium to long run, again, given what I've seen of the company, our clients, the ecosystem, I 
remain very optimistic about the opportunities in front of us. I look forward to working with all 
of you through many, many years to come. Thanks, CP. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The first question is looking at the decline in the revenue at close to 4%, is it fair to say that most 
of the headwinds on the demand especially on the communication side, is fairly behind where 
you may see a gradual recovery or you believe full quarter impact, which has not come in the 
first quarter, may come in the second quarter? And Rohit, just a bookkeeping question, in terms 
of 200 bps provision for doubtful debt looks like the client may have a revenue above USD 100 
million, looks like a big client, and is it in the telecom account or in the enterprise? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, maybe I'll answer the second one first, Sandeep, and then we'll go to the first one. On the 
second one, it's a cumulative number from the discussion the customer had been ongoing for the 
last 3-4 quarters, right, and that's amount is a pile up of that, the quarterly revenues already in 
the Q1 baseline is impacted, so we've not taken that revenue, it's quarter over quarter, not going 
to have a decline or any impact to the year in terms of run rate, but it's a culmination of three, 
four quarters of impact. So, that's on the one-timer. And then in terms of communications, I 
would say, you're right, most of the headwind is behind us as we look forward. But in general, 
the telcos are still pretty tight on their budgets on any capital outlays of projects as well as on 
OPEX. The focus is a lot on over OPEX reduction. So, as we move forward, we'll continue to 
work closely with them to ensure that we align our strategy in making sure we help them drive 
more outcomes as they look forward to the rest of the year and the next year. So, I'll also request 
Manish who is on the call to give a little bit more flavor on as he looks forward for the rest of 
the year, how does he see it across regions and customers. 
Manish Vyas: 
Sure, Rohit. I will just add one additional point to what you just said. I do concur with Rohit that 
the worst is behind us, most of the headwinds we have seen. There is another factor that does 
happen in Q1. I hope all of you do recall there is an element of cyclical nature to one or two of 
our businesses. That also plays out in Q1. Our endeavor always is to try and compensate for that 
through additional growth. But then this was like a perfect storm where all budgetary pressures 
on discretionary as well as the cost take out on current OPEX, all three factors were happening 
at the same time. So, fundamentally and structurally, I think we are still very well placed to 
continue to scale growth from here on. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Rohit, how to look at margins going forward? And a question to Mr. Mohit, as you have joined, 
it looks like both the departments on margin and revenue growth need a turnaround. So, would 
you like to first focus on margins and then look for turn around or you may look to manage both 
and repair both on a going forward basis? 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Rohit Anand: 
So, Sandeep, maybe I'll take care first in terms of our action and then pass it on to Mohit for his 
views. But from an action perspective, when you look at where we are in terms of the 
opportunity, I think there are three, four areas that we've articulated before, which we will 
continue to execute. We've seen some improvement in these metrics, but I think there's more to 
be desired. So, if you look at subcon, our cost was 16% of revenue which we now move closer 
towards 14% and we said that we will continue to aspire and get towards less than 10% there, 
right. So, that continues to be a focus area as we move forward for the rest of the year. When we 
look at the Juniorization opportunities of our pyramid structure we've articulated that that's an 
area of improvement. As we go forward, we'll continue to invest in that and make sure we bring 
more juniors into the organization driving the more efficient average resource cost that will help 
us give more productivity as we move forward. We will continue to drive offshoring because 
we had mentioned that we have room of 4% to 5% improvement in medium term and continue 
to execute on that. So, these are the operating levers we feel comfortable available to us to 
execute as we move forward and then the divestment for non-strategic portfolio, while it has 
small impact on margin improvement, it does have a significant impact on managerial bandwidth 
to focus on what matters most. So, we'll continue to drive that also for the rest of the year. So, 
these are some of the levers that we'll work on, and we mentioned those in the past as well. I'll 
hand it over to Mohit to give his views. 
Mohit Joshi: 
To add to what Rohit said, look at the end of the day, it has only been five weeks in the 
organization and I'm more in a mode to listen and to learn. And we have an extended transition 
over the next five to six months. And so, we'll develop a plan in concert with the entire team to 
turn the trajectory around. Again, I'm sure a lot of those actions will be similar to the ones that 
Rohit has just outlined. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, just wanted to take a dig deeper on to what exactly transpired in the telecom sector and how 
do you see this going forward, do you think that large part of the cuts that you saw in this quarter 
are kind of done and hereafter we've kind of hit a bottom in this one or clients are still reluctant 
to spend, there could be more cutting discretionary spends going forward in the coming quarters 
and any other scope for, let's say, recovery in the telecom spends that you could see over the 
next few quarters? 
Manish Vyas: 
I don't think anything in this large industry happens in very short bursts. There are obviously 
patterns. There are things that we have been discussing over the last several quarters as well in 
terms of how the industry is shaping up. You've seen in the results of many of our other esteemed 
competitors the pressure points that we are facing. The way we look at it and we are analyzing 
the situation is that there will be lot of reprioritizations that will continue to happen on digital 
transformation projects. Almost all the major operators are evaluating those and where they need 
to press the pedal versus where they need to take their foot off the accelerator. And we are very 
well entrenched in all those conversations with most of our key customers to understand that. 
The other pressure point is of course on the OPEX because the cost of capital has changed 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
dramatically. Due to this the need to generate more cash is more acute at this point in the 
industry. I can't predict how soon things will ease out but where we have a good vantage point 
is from our funnel and our pipeline and the discussions both in terms of cost as well as 
opportunities. This is why I called it a perfect storm last quarter that maybe we've hit the worst, 
and we now need to start gradually inching forward. I’m not saying all pressure points are over 
and done with, actually some of those we'll have to continue to deal with, it will be a gradual 
progress in terms of recovery for the industry and as a result for someone like us, but I think we 
will start making good progress from this quarter and definitely from the second half of the year. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
My second question was especially on the manufacturing vertical. I think the manufacturing 
vertical has held up quite well for us over the past 7-8 quarters. I think in the eye of the cut in 
discretionary spend just wanted to basically understand how this segment is looking, because I 
think we've seen this for other players as well the manufacturing vertical continues to be the one 
where almost all the IT vendors are kind of seeing continuous growth. So, is this vertical where 
we could see maybe this growth pattern and the spending continue or what is our conversation 
with our clients leading us to believe? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, maybe I'll add a little bit of flavor to this and request Jagdish to add a few more points. But 
just if you look at manufacturing, overall, the industry is going through a transformation, right? 
So, when you look at any segment within manufacturing increased digitization is happening, 
more and more embedded software is getting created in the machine. That is making the change 
in terms of the requirement from those companies in terms of services they request from us; the 
requirement is becoming software-oriented, the engineer skills requirement that is being 
gathered, getting more software-oriented. So, with that, there's a lot of transformation happening 
and we're seeing the demand shift more in that nature. When you look at our focus on 
manufacturing standpoint, we are heavily entrenched with automobile aero, both of them are 
growing very, very positively from an industry dynamics perspective. A lot of automobiles are 
switching their plans from the existing mechanical cars to more electric ones and they need 
platform orientation, they need engineering support there, they need the system to be put 
together. So, a lot of investments that are happening in that area are favorable to us and then the 
aero vertical is back to shape with travel coming back. So, I think that's something we've also 
recognized, and we continue to invest in this vertical. We made some inorganic investments also 
around thirdware which will be helping us and then some competency that we got. So, all of that 
together is helping us penetrate the clients better. We're helping them service with more and 
more service lines, not just IT, engineering support, but with commerce from an experience 
design standpoint or BPS, which is a very strong and robust franchise for us. So, it's helping us 
penetrate better with the same clients, with the credibility we've been able to drive, the legacy 
of which is very strong from a marketing standpoint. So, that's kind of the underlying reason 
why we feel good about it and we see that the trend will continue favorably as we look forward 
to the rest of the year.  
Jagdish Mitra: 
Thank you for the question and Rohit, you've outlined it. So, from our perspective, growth 
obviously has two components to it from let's look at markets and let's look at the segments. If 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
you look at the markets, a good part of the growth in manufacturing today is being driven by 
Americas and EU in terms of the opportunities that are coming, the areas are right as already 
outlined by Rohit - primarily auto which is our strong segment partnered with industrial and 
Aero and Defense, but also is a function of investments we've done. We've invested in building 
a solution and our engineering services are a critical player in driving the growth, the IES 
capability and the digital capability that we've added. In both of these, the segments that we've 
invested in for electrification and in industry cloud with hyper scaler, a couple of them I think is 
what gives us a little more bullish impact of where we think manufacturing growth will sustain. 
The pipeline is also quite robust, and I think we will start to see even though the conditions 
overall are tepid, we will see growth in manufacturing. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
So, just to wrap it up on that, so we're not seeing too much impact of any cut in discretionary 
spends in the manufacturing space, is that what we can conclude or do you think they are being 
more than mitigated by the kind of catch up spend that the industry has to do? 
Jagdish Mitra: 
I think in this case our work profile defines where the growth is coming from. So, a lot of our 
work profile is today driven by running the business platform. But especially as you know, on 
the auto sector, both on EV as well as on some of the platforms we have created, the warranties 
and some of the other solution platforms we've talked about, are becoming critical for the 
demand to be fulfilled in the auto sector, and though in discretionary spend, there is not much 
cut there, so in the auto segment at least we have that strength coming together. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
First, how should one look at outlook for second half in respect to the deals that you had like the 
trailing 12 months deal win is down by 25%, keeping that in mind, how do you see your second 
half playing out, what are the areas that is giving you confidence? Second is on areas of business 
that are actually positively exposed to generative AI versus the ones that could be negatively 
impacted due to deflationary pressures, how are we preparing for this? And lastly, within the top 
11 to 20 accounts, it looks like a significant decline. Anything going on there? 
CP Gurnani: 
I think it's a good question. So, let's look at it a few different ways. Clearly not only in 
introspection, but it is also time to act. As I said, the company has a definitive plan to look at 
how to stop looking back, but to look forward and look at all the three vectors that will help us 
improve our response to the market. Number one is being able to look at all the technology 
investments and also look at all the reskilling, upgrading our own people or using this 
opportunity to take a few tough calls, for example, our onsite-offshore ratios, our subcon hiring, 
and juniorization. So, that is one which I say which is an easier playbook, but important focus is 
execution. The second part is on the growth vectors. I think there is two parts to growth vectors: 
Number one is on the deal flow be a little more realistic about the closer dates because customers 
obviously are in different segments reacting differently to the cost transformation or business 
transformation proposal. If you're more realistic about our closing dates, I think we will be able 
to prioritize a lot better. Number third, in terms of increasing our account penetration, account 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
reach or to get better engage with the top 200 accounts, I think we're doing a reasonably good 
job. It's just a question of how to recalibrate ourselves during the headwinds. So, obviously what 
I'm trying to say is when you can't score runs by sixers or the bigger deals, then go for singles. 
So, those are the strategic changes that we need to make. But overall, I am confident that this 
was a tough quarter, but it was also a tough wakeup call that we need to be a lot quicker, agile 
and we need to readopt our strategy for each of our customer success offices and each of our 
large deal programs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Rohit, is it possible to quantify the revenue impact of the client bankruptcy event in this quarter? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, revenue impact in this year is going to be none. But when you look at year-on-year, quarterly 
run rate of USD 6 million to USD 7 million. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
So, on a sequential basis, you had a hit of USD 6-USD 7 million because of this event? 
Rohit Anand: 
Q4 versus Q1 yes. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
And is the wage hike impact taken in the quarter partially or at least or that is still pending? 
Rohit Anand: 
Majority of the wage increments already done in Q1. Only for certain senior proportion of the 
employee base - it will happen in the following quarter. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: 
Got it, Rohit. And last question, in a quarter like this, obviously one would have expected the 
company to dial down on cost, but your sales and support headcount seem to have increased by 
almost 200 people. So, is it sales driven investments that you are upfronting or are there some 
element of support staff addition here? 
Rohit Anand: 
That's part of our leadership program hiring that we do for campuses with annual exercises. It's 
more driven by that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
If you look at your head count, there's been a 10% reduction over the last 3 quarters, but our 
employee costs seem to have gone higher. So, is it that the cuts happen more towards the end of 
the quarter, this quarter? What is driving this? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, when you look at 2-3 aspects, which is when you look at year-on-year or last year while the 
head counts overall down, but when you look at increases, the increments happen more towards 
Q2 last year. So, in the baseline, you don't have that impact. And this year, we have managed to 
effectively increase for a majority of the population. We've done it effective April, right? We 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
have a double impact there from a wage inflation perspective, that's causing an offset in a way 
to the correlation, to the headcount reduction and for the QoQ movement, while the reduction 
has happened in IT of approximately 2000 people: yes, from a timing perspective, it's more 
towards the second half as well. That will show us the full quarter impact. Then I think, in 
addition to that what we've done as part of the strategy is that will continue to reduce the cost 
and wherever we have the skills that we've been working on, we've replaced those Subcon 
resources with the full-time headcount. That is also reflected as it is mostly onsite. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Just wanted to get some more color on our expectation of margin recovery over the next 12-15 
months, especially if you look at from a headcount expense perspective, we are currently 
operating at 87% utilization, have seen a 10% headcount reduction in the last three quarters and 
our offshore mix also is pretty much at an all-time high. On the flip side, we are also talking 
about subcontracting, which would mean that subcontractors have to be replaced by permanent 
employees. So, effectively if we had any sort of growth coming back over the next 12 months, 
then our headcount growth has to be faster than your revenue growth. So, just trying to 
understand, I mean some of the levers that you talked about in terms of recovery beyond say the 
current blip that we have, what exactly will drive that specifically? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, Rishi, few areas then maybe I'll start with the Subcon that you mentioned. The 2-3 areas 
within the Subcon, while in some cases you'll end up replacing Subcon with a full-time 
headcount. But when you compare cost-to-cost basis, there is a differential easily of around 25% 
there, right? So, typically you would say a 4% reduction there will reach 1% overall impact on 
margin that is one. That's one kind of direct-to-direct replacement if you do. Second is even 
within the Subcon bucket, there's a lot of opportunity from a vendor perspective that we 
continuously work on to see how we rationalize and optimize the scale benefit at a company 
level. Those are multiple productivity initiatives that we will continue to drive for overall Subcon 
spend given that quantum is pretty large. When you look from a company perspective, 14% from 
an annual basis, you're talking about 800 million plus spend. Then when you look at leveraging 
the scale benefit, there's all productivity opportunities that we can drive there, right? So that's 
the second that we'll continue to work on. And then from other perspective of margin 
improvement, while the utilization is high, from an offshoring perspective we have a good 3% 
to 4% more headroom to get better on offshoring versus where we are today that should give us 
significant benefit and then juniorization when we look at the employee base today versus how 
much pressures we have in the system and how we can drive that go forward? There is an 
opportunity that in the medium term we can get better on. So, those are some of the levers that 
we can continue to work on. And then as I mentioned before, one of the areas that we look at 
from a large deal perspective getting into more maturity stage and execution tightening there in 
line with the planned view, I think that will also help us improve profitability as we drive more 
productivity in those projects. So, those are some of the levers that we will continue to drive as 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
we move forward, including rationalization, secure or divest certain business which we don't 
feel is on the long run strategic or giving us the value that we want. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Girish Pai: 
Thanks for the opportunity. The second-half recovery is based on the existing TCV or are you 
expecting any significant TCV expansion to happen from 2Q onwards that's question #1. 
Second, one of your larger peers talked about shifting away from 5G in the telco space, is that 
what you're seeing on the ground? What does that mean for the investments that you've made in 
the 5G space? 
Manish Vyas: 
I have mentioned that there is a reprioritization happening in the industry from a digital 
standpoint and the digital in telco parlance, answers to everything from 5G to their customer 
experience platforms to the core BSS and others. And that is happening because they are clearly 
looking at where do they get a better bank for the buck from a short term. In terms of if it's the 
US, then it is about a better conversion on the wireless consumer. In parts of Europe, they're 
looking to shore up their enterprise businesses. And clearly as now we all have seen the 
enterprise use cases and revenues from the 5G is going to take longer than probably anticipated 
so that I think is indeed true. I guess we are observing the same pattern. The reprioritization is 
underway. That said, I don't think our investments are in any kind of jeopardy. All of them, both 
on the devices as well as on or for that matter, on our software platform side, all continue to do 
very well, and I think they will continue to serve us well in time to come as we go forward. I 
don't think we are worried about that aspect as far as our portfolio is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Just wanted to understand why our revenues in Europe and RoW have declined sequentially. In 
addition, can you also help me with reasons for the decline in active clients? And the second 
question was with regard to the comments that the Management had made after Q4 Result that 
FY24 will be a very strong year for deal closures, given what we have seen in Q1 how should 
we be thinking about this comment going forward? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, Manik, on deal closures, first, I think we have articulated that our first half would be tough 
given the macro environment and the situation. So, we always maintain that that first half will 
be tough, and second half will be a recovery. It will be a mirror opposite view of the last year 
where the first half was okay and second-half start getting tougher, right? So, I think that's what 
we said and what it's turning out to be is a little bit worse. Hence, the dip you see in the current 
quarter. And I think that's been consistent from that perspective. In terms of the other question, 
you had on number of active clients, I think that's more driven by the reporting guidelines we 
follow on threshold of revenue in the quarter and the last 12 months and basis that bottom 40-
odd clients the fell off that threshold requirement and that's purely a tail change from a quarter-

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
to-quarter perspective, nothing more than that. And I think you have one more question, sorry, 
Manik, if you can repeat that. 
Manik Taneja: 
So, the other question was with regards to a sequential drop that we've seen in Europe and RoW 
as compared to North America holding up quite well. If you could help us understand how the 
two sides of the business, Enterprise and Comms, would have performed across each geography. 
Rohit Anand: 
So, RoW is partially driven by the Comviva seasonality and certain closures in projects that 
happened in network services with one of our customers there where we are working on a large 
project with them, so that drove the RoW decline sequentially. And then from a Europe 
perspective, again the decline in Communication verticals driven more around the Leadcom and 
LCC Network Services where there were project closures versus Q4 that led to the decline there 
and in general certain discretionary spend cut with the telcos that Manish mentioned overall 
more aggravated in Europe this time than US, US is broadly flat QoQ. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
I have two questions, one for Rohit and one for Manish. Rohit, first of all, just a clarification. If 
you can help break down the impact on margins from wage hike this quarter and secondly, all 
the steps which you articulated the steps to improve profitability, juniorization, offshore and 
subcon reduction, won't that be a little deflationary on revenues going forward? How are you 
looking going to replace the impact on growth from maybe billing impact? Manish on the 
Communication side is it possible to give some color on the areas which were impacted? and if 
you look at BPO, it grew this quarter, so the impact was pretty much on the IT side. Was that 
Network Services or the IT which got hit? We have seen commentaries from a lot of telecom 
equipment guys being fairly negative on spend. So, if you can just give us a color on what is 
driving this decline? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, maybe Manish kindly give the Communication answer first and then I'll talk about the other 
point. 
Manish Vyas: 
So, Mukul while we partially answered it earlier, both Rohit and I, but just to be clearer and 
more specific, one is there is the cyclicality that happens to our Comviva business. Second, a 
pretty significant impact from a project closure in the Network space in RoW. Which is just that 
in Q4, we did significant amount of work, a little ahead of time, which I think was positive. From 
an overall spend and where the pressure points are, it is both in the Network as well as in the IT 
space, and IT is largely coming because some of the digital transformation work that had started 
3-4 years ago either they have come to closure and as we speak for the new projects that they 
were about to award, they have pushed these decisions forward as they reprioritize these things. 
So, I think that's coming in from both the Network as well as from an IT Transformation 
standpoint if that answers your question. 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Rohit Anand: 
And just to clarify, your questions were one on incremental impact for the quarter and then 
second, the margin levers for the rest of the year, how much of that is driven by growth or 
elsewhere is it? 
Mukul Garg: 
So, the second question was that, as most of the margin levers which we are contemplating tend 
to be deflationary on growth, how to ensure growth without compensating on margins. How 
should we look at it? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, first from an increment impact perspective for the quarter, as I mentioned, we did increment 
for a major chunk of the population. The impact was closer to 1.3% in terms of margin. And 
there is a smaller size of the population for which the increment will happen in Q2. So, that's a 
smaller impact. This is in terms of annual increments. In terms of the margin levers, if you look 
at the subcon substitution or improvement on scale or other productivity benefit there really is a 
lever which is kind of independent from a growth perspective. And even if you look at the last 
three quarters while growth has been stagnant or down, we've been able to drive a reduction in 
the subcon cost dramatically. Similarly, the other areas also which I mentioned, maybe accept a 
little bit of juniorization which probably needs to be supplemented with growth and the recovery 
in the second half as we look at it. The rest can be worked on as purely productivity measures 
that can help us as we think about margin expansion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Agarwal from Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
So, most of my questions have been answered. Just want to understand one thing and as the 
Management aptly said that this was a perfect storm, but if we look at last six or seven years, we 
have three or four times where we have seen a double-digit EBITDA decline on a sequential 
basis on a Q-on-Q basis. Now how should we look at Tech Mahindra going forward as an 
investor given our portfolio of businesses, given our nature of business, do we see this volatility 
continuing over a longer term and what steps we need to take to make it a, let's say, a predictable 
or a boring organization going forward? 
CP Gurnani: 
I like the word “boring organization”. I think when we last met during our Investor Day in early 
April we have said these are the four things that we will do. #1, bring in an extraordinary focus 
on a few geographies, which included US. #2, we said we will grow Insurance, BFS, 
Manufacturing, Health Services a little more than the other industry verticals. #3, we said we 
will look at cocreation with some of our customers. We look at potential joint ventures with 
them to develop new service offerings or new niches. And #4, we had said we will be looking at 
reselling some of our service offerings as platforms. I think we are going to stay on this trajectory 
and obviously there is a need for us to become a lot more simplified as a structure. #2, there is a 
need for us to be a little more agile in terms of the way we run our own internal operations and 
#3, we probably need to permanently correct our pyramid. I know that Mohit is a little hesitant 
on being prescriptive right now, but he and I have been discussing it for the last 5-6 weeks. And 
in generally, the direction that we had committed to you during Investor Day, we just need to 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
get into that formula that I think I don't remember whether it was Rohit or Manish Vyas who 
had said “We know what we need to do, we just now have to get into execute, execute and 
execute” and I'm going to repeat that I don't know who the original author of execute, execute, 
execute and since Manish I'm willing to give you credit, let's get down to “execute, execute, 
execute”. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations to Mohit on joining TechM. Largely two questions. The first thing on the 
provision side, pertaining to bankruptcy. So, are there any more provisions going to come or 
have we provided them fully? Have we also considered the unbilled revenue part of it?. And my 
second question was just on the BFSI side of the thing, when we see our 40% of our business is 
largely coming from the CME vertical, now fundamentally the business itself, the global telcos 
have been challenging over the last four to five years and the current BFSI business which is 
there, it is more on the Asian banks side. So, just wanted to get an understanding of will US 
BFSI be an important part of our strategy, any color around that, that will be helpful. 
Rohit Anand: 
So, maybe first on the provision side, on this case, we've covered all the risks that we have, both 
unbilled/billed everything so that's been taken care of. In terms of BFSI, yes, US will going to 
be a significant part of our strategy, it's a big opportunity and as we kind of look at our portfolio 
from the past where we were to where we are. Now, BFSI is more than 15% of our overall 
revenue base. We've grown it from where we were to now. We've identified significant gaps, 
both geographically as well as within the BFSI side where we don't play today. So, I think there's 
a clear articulation of that strategy internally. I think the focus will be for us to continue to drive 
those gaps of improvement, including a big focus in Americas as we move forward from a BFSI 
standpoint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
My questions to Mohit. Manish, you had said that there were cost take-out deals that were in 
discussion and probably towards the middle of the year those can fructify. Just wanted to 
understand how those have moved? Are we any closer to closing some of those deals and how 
would that change the growth trajectory in Telecom, if at all towards the latter half of this year? 
Thank you. 
Manish Vyas: 
Of course, Abhishek. I think the deals are still in play. We are still in discussions at various 
stages. Some of these, as I said earlier, have been pushed out because they're evaluating all other 
options as well. But clearly from a vendor consolidation cost take out perspective, reformatting, 
how their tech workforce needs to be architected, all those discussions are underway at this point 
and they are all at the various levels of maturity in the funnel at this point and over the next two 
to three quarters, some of these deals will indeed impact the growth. 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Two questions. First, just want to understand CME, if you can provide some detail on sub-
segment where we are seeing more weakness and how do you expect that to play out over next 
few quarters? The second question is about top 10 client performance. If we look at the top 10 
client fairly resilient whereas CME is very weak. So, typically CME used to have a higher client 
concentration and some of the clients were part of our top 10. So, if you can provide some more 
details about divergent trends between these two? 
Rohit Anand: 
So, maybe I'll answer the second one first and then Manish, can add flavor on your first question. 
On the second one, as we've articulated before, inside the top 10 clients we were seeing some 
pressure in couple of our top customers in the last couple of quarters. And that we had said is 
getting closer towards bottoming out. So, that's happened, and we are seeing some positive 
momentum there. The closure of the projects that we mentioned in Network Services within 
CME were more outside the top 10 customers, one probably closer to the top 20 and the other 
was even below that. So, I think that's what is causing a reduction, which is leading to the 
decrease and then overall discretionary spend cut across the board beyond these couple of project 
closures which have one-time impact. Hence, you don't see that in the top 10, where it's more 
stabilized view now, we see more resilience there. Maybe Manish you can take up the earlier 
part of the question. 
Manish Vyas: 
So, Dipesh, tactically speaking, while there are different customers who are at different points 
in time in terms of their transformation journeys where some projects for some people are still 
behind the curve, some have completed, and some are in the advanced stages. And I think it is 
too detailed to be able to articulate in a short while. But to answer your question, most of the 
trends that we see in terms of discretionary digital transformation spend as well as the cost 
transformation are pretty uniform across the major Tier-1 operators across the world. That said, 
while we are very well placed with many of these companies to continue to take advantage of 
their initiatives, we probably will go through some of these headwind days and quarters. The 
other aspect that played out this quarter like we said, were a couple of one-time cyclical issues 
that are part of our business. Hopefully. we'll be seeing all these behind us as we go forward 
from here. And maybe to provide a little bit more comprehensivity as a response to your 
question. I want to reiterate that the two areas where we saw a significant pushback was one is 
in the IT Digital domain and the other was in the Network Services where some of the re-
prioritizations have happened. Geographically, I think it is pretty uniform at this point. I hope 
this was pretty elaborate for you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity and welcome Mr. Joshi. I have two questions. The first one is last 
quarter we were saying spends related to 5G so on and so forth also some of the deals got pushed 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
off and maybe they could come in 2Q. If you can elaborate, we heard you about challenges, but 
anything specific that played out especially related to 5G that is what I wanted to understand. 
And the second question is for Rohit, on margins based on the portfolio we have today, can we 
assume that we have reached the bottom of the margins and a subpart to it, as you mentioned 
that the subcontracting expenses could be less than 10% of the revenue so is that the priority for 
current year or is it a priority over the next 12-18 months? Thank you. 
Rohit Anand: 
Manish, can you take the 5G question first and then I will take the margin one? 
Manish Vyas: 
I addressed the 5G question earlier. In terms of the watchfulness that has gotten into the mix of 
decision making as far as the 5G spend is concerned, which is part of the overall digital 
transformation spend so I don't think I can add any more color to that question. Let me answer 
the other part of your question first, which is what happened particularly this quarter in terms of 
some of the decisions that got pushed out. So, one is the Enterprise part of some of the major 
telco’s businesses, we were expecting some of these deals to come through both in Europe as 
well as in US and these decisions have been pushed out because their enterprise business is going 
through a lot of organizational changes as we speak. These are specific to a couple of customers, 
but they are significant in terms of both our portfolio as well as the impact that they have on the 
Enterprise businesses for the industry as a whole. These things have been pushed out as a result, 
some of their decisions in terms of digital transformation and cost takeout have been pushed out. 
So, that clearly was part of the surprise element that happened and how that pans out over the 
next few quarters remains to be seen. But we continue to remain in a dialogue with each of these 
customers as we go forward. Broadly, I think I've already addressed in terms of what areas have 
seen a slow-down in spending and what areas will continue to remain pretty important as far as 
spending is concerned going forward. So, I just want to repeat that digital transformation is not 
something that they are stopping. They are just reprioritizing the various areas they want to focus 
on versus what they are doing today. That clarity as it emerges clearly will lead to a lot of 
decisions that will start happening in the second part of the year. 
Rohit Anand: 
And on the margin question from a subcon standpoint, we've reduced that from 16% to 14% 
over the last three, four quarters and will continue to work on it as we've articulated, our 
entitlement mark is getting to 10% and below. Given where we are, we will continuously drive 
that in the next few quarters to get to that level. And see that opportunity flow through from a 
benefit standpoint over the next 3-4 quarters. 
Manish Vyas: 
And Rohit if I may just add one more thing that that while we have had this challenging quarter, 
I hope we appreciate that this is at the back of 12 quarter-on-quarter successful growth quarters 
that we have seen. And the reason I'm highlighting that is just to acknowledge not just the support 
from all of you, but also from both our customers and our teams and partners who continue to 
put in that and believe that this business and the leadership position that we have in this industry 
is something that we are very confident will continue to serve as a great foundation as the 
industry per se transforms and comes back into a growth mode, I think your Company is in a 
pretty good position to take advantage of it. 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
I have just one more question on the margin side. So, the kind of revenue decline which we have 
seen would have started at the beginning of the quarter itself and Comviva seasonality, 
something which is quite well-known. But we don't see any cost intervention taken during the 
quarter to manage the margin. So, the revenue decline is largely understandable, most of the 
peers have also seen. But during the quarter, we have undertaken the wage hike of full impact. 
We went ahead hiring the sales and support staff. Our SG&A costs have also increased during 
the quarter. So, why was no intervention taken to manage the cost and what is giving us the 
confidence that now this is the bottom, and we should see a recovery from here on? Because the 
levers which you have highlighted are largely the same, which you have talked about earlier as 
well. 
Rohit Anand: 
So, I think just from an action perspective, managing cost action did happen just when you look 
at the revenue drop, right, the revenue drop some of it is what we planned, right, like Comviva 
seasonality and some of the project closures that we envisioned, but the backfill of that from 
new deals or discretionary spends that got reduced or as we move more towards the latter half 
of the quarter. So, some of it is well known and some of it gradually happened in the quarter and 
cost actions did take place. If we see the IT headcount that's down to 1000 quarter-over-quarter. 
So, it's more driven towards the latter half of the quarter and will continue to action as we move 
forward, so that that is work-in-progress. In terms of sales and support headcount as I had 
articulated, those are campus hires for the leadership program that we have. Backing off from 
that isn’t something we want to do.  We want to continue, instead of backing away from that. 
So, that's what the increase you see, it's not adding to the sales headcount, etc., given they are 
declining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer from ICICI Prudential AMC. Please 
go ahead.  
Sameer: 
If you think about an environment which we are currently in, the ability to monetize some of 
your levers like last two-three quarters you have been able to bring down subcon from 16% to 
14%, now you  are headed to 10%. So, how should we think about the pace of monetizing these 
levers, especially in an environment where we are facing a lot of headwinds in terms of 
discretionary cuts? And how does that change our margin goal, which we have set up in the 
Analyst Day that you have spoken about? That is first question. The second is that in an 
environment like this where a lot of these short-term projects are getting rolled off. And there's 
a lot of discretionary cut. Last six months TCV generally decides the revenue trajectory, which 
has been weaker for us. So, what gives you confidence that the growth may come back or this is 
kind of the bottom in terms of performance. Thanks for the opportunity. 
CP Gurnani: 
So, Sameer, let me answer this with two broader strokes. One is what I have told my team is if 
he can't go for the sixers, go for the singles. Effectively, what it means is that sometimes when 
you go back to the basics with all your accounts and you are better prepared to listen to them for 

 
Tech Mahindra Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
all those smaller transformative Gen-AI kind of deals, all of that adds up. That's number one. 
Number two for the cost transformation, I would rather take a medium-term outlook than a very 
short-term outlook. Short term outlook is very simple, cut a few layers and you can right size it 
almost on an urgent basis. In a way this is also what I want to propose to Mohit Joshi and Rohit 
Anand. If we take a medium-term outlook, what will happen is that A) As I said I would go more 
aggressive on investing in young talent. That means we invested last year in Tier-2 cities why 
not take a target of 25,000 people in the Tier-2 cities in the young talent? Now that 25,000 people 
will become productive in the next maybe 6 to 8 months, I'm just giving a suggestion. I'm not 
saying we're taking a decision here, rather amplifying the word “Medium-Term”. And as far as 
my existing staff, if I reskill them fast enough and if I focus on those short-term projects, I think 
I'll be able to optimize it for both the market demand. For the medium term I have no choice but 
to correct the pyramid and for that I have to take one shot at investing so that we permanently 
correct the pyramid. Otherwise, we have a challenge in our C&B cost compared to others in the 
industry and the only reason we have the C&B challenge is three factors – #1) onsite-offshore 
ratios, #2) subcons and #3) juniorization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to the Management for their closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
CP Gurnani: 
So, thank you everybody. As I said we all know that we have faced one of our toughest quarters. 
But overall, I want to reemphasize Tech Mahindra is positive about its own outlook. We as a 
team have gone through some of these challenges in the past and we will rally together and as 
committed by many of my management team members here today, we will start improving our 
performance as we go along and the magic word is the same three words that I started the call 
with “Execute, Execute, Execute”. Thank you, everybody. Thank you for your support and I 
need more support as the team repurposes and gets into the recovery phase. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Tech Mahindra Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
