 
 
 
Greenlam/2023-24 
August 04, 2023 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Fax No. 022-2272-3121/1278/1557/3354 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
BSE Scrip Code: 538979 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Fax No. 022-2659- 
8237/8238/8347/8348 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
NSE Symbol: GREENLAM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Call held on July 28, 2023 to discuss 
operational and financial performance for Q1FY 24. 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
PRAKASH KUMAR BISWAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
VICE PRESIDENT – LEGAL 
Encl: A/a 
PRAKASH 
KUMAR BISWAL
Digitally signed by 
PRAKASH KUMAR BISWAL 
Date: 2023.08.04 18:06:16 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Greenlam Industries Limited  
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 30th July 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SAURABH MITTAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – GREENLAM INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHOK SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GREENLAM 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SAMARTH AGARWAL – VICE PRESIDENT FINANCE – GREENLAM 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Greenlam Industries Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saurabh Mittal, Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Greenlam Industries Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to the Greenlam Quarter 1 FY 
'24 Earnings Call. I hope you all have had the time to look at our results. They've been up on the 
websites of the company. And I will take this opportunity to brief you on the key developments 
in the quarter gone by and how we see what's happening on ground in both the domestic and 
international business. 
So in the quarter 1, we commenced production of the third plant at Prantij, Gujarat factory for 
laminates, which takes the capacity to 21 million sheets and boards per annum. We also 
commenced commercial production at the plywood factory in Tamil Nadu, which is 18.9 million 
square meter capacity. It's single-site largest plywood capacity as of now and the most modern 
plant of plywood in the country. 
The capex at the Andhra Pradesh project is going on and hoping that within Q2, we will 
commence the laminate capacity and within Q4, the particle board capacity will be up and 
running. So that's on the capital expenditure and the start-ups of the greenfield and brownfield 
lines. 
On the operations side, in the Q1, we built our teams for the plywood business in both 
manufacturing and sales marketing, expanded teams in the domestic market for our existing 
business lines of laminates, Veneer flooring and doors. We had product launches of Greenlam, 
the flagship brand in the domestic market. We also launched the plywood brand in Q1. 
On the sales side, the domestic business grew about 12% - 13% in Q1. The export business grew 
by 5% - 6% though production of laminates was the highest we've done till date in the quarter, 
lots of it couldn't get converted to sales about INR20-odd crores of revenues were pushed to Q2 
on the export front due to the cyclone issues and containers not being shipped out in the port and 
rail service getting disrupted. 
The initial launch of the plywood with the set of dealers in South India has been quite 
encouraging. We've got good feedback from the market. We started shipping out products to the 
market, and the response has been pretty good. So we are hoping that in this quarter, you'll see 
a ramp-up of the plywood business too. 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
On the demand side, in the domestic market, obviously, we hear from people that market is a bit 
slow, etcetera. As far as we are concerned with our expanded teams, refresh product portfolios, 
ranges being refreshed and the push we're giving to expand sales, expand channel, expand into 
smaller towns, geographies, extensive working on influencers with carpenters, architecture, IDs. 
We think we should be able to use this situation to our advantage and take more market share 
from the market. So I think we should be able to do fine in the market. 
On the international market, too, I think with the range of products we have and the reach we 
have, here too, we think our numbers should be aligned to the broad communication we've given 
on the growth for this year. And like we've said earlier, FY '24, we should be looking at a 20%-
25% of top line growth. 
So we think despite what we hear and see, we should be able to make this number considering 
our existing product lines and the new capacities, a few of which have already gone into 
production in Q1 and some will go into production in Q2. So that's a sense we have on the 
market. So as always, we are more focused on what we are doing, and we still see a large 
opportunity of the unorganized market in India to be taken and to be gained market share by our 
company. 
In the international market, though, there's not much growth, but we think it's also an opportunity 
to take market share from the regional and international companies operating in various markets. 
And so I think overall, with the direction we've set in, we think we should be running well. Raw 
material costs are more or less being stable in Q2, and we did see a reduction in Q1. I think on 
the raw material cost, sea freight both inward and outwards, we think this will be more stable -- 
will be stable in Q2 on the lines of what was in Q1. 
There is some competitive pressures on the people dropping prices, etcetera. As we talk right 
now, we haven't dropped prices in our category although we have corrected case to case in 
certain segments, certain geographies. But by and large, we've retained  the pricing. And as we 
always work on doing product development and improving the value mix, given if there is some 
drop in prices somewhere, we think that will be offset by improved value mix. And so that's on 
the raw material cost side. 
So I think probably that's it from my side. Ashok will take you through the financial highlights. 
And hopefully, we'll be happy to answer your queries and questions, if any. Ashok, over to you. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, friends. I'll take you through the financial performance. 
For the quarter 1 this year, on a consolidated basis, our net revenue grew by 9.5% on Y-o-Y 
basis and degrew by 3.5% on sequential basis to INR515 crores.  
Gross margin grew by 730 basis points to 52.3% this quarter from 45% in quarter 1 last year. 
On a sequential basis, gross margin grew by 350 basis points.  
Gross margin in absolute terms grew by 27% to INR 269 crores in this quarter as compared to 
INR 212 crores Q1 FY '23. 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
EBITDA margin was up by 180 basis points and stood at 12.5% in this quarter as compared to 
10.7% corresponding quarter last year.  
On a sequential basis, EBITDA margin was down by 140 basis points. EBITDA in absolute 
terms grew by around 28% to INR 64 crores in this quarter as compared to INR 50.4 crores in 
Q1 FY '23.  
Net profit for the quarter stood at INR 32 crores in this quarter as against INR 24.6 crores in Q1 
FY '23. 
I'll move on to segmental performance,  
Laminate, which is a major segment.  
For this quarter, Laminate revenue grew by 9.7% on a year-on-year basis. However, it degrew 
by 4% on a sequential basis and stood at INR 472 crores in this quarter. Volume growth stood 
at 5.8% on a year-on-year basis. 
Moving on to -- in this, domestic laminate revenue grew by 13% on a year-on-year basis and 
remained flat on a sequential basis in value terms. Volume growth in domestic market stood at 
18.4% on a year-on-year basis. 
International laminate revenue grew by 6.4% on year-on-year and degrew by 7.9% sequentially 
in value term. Volume degrew by 8.1% on a year-on-year basis, this degrowth was mainly on 
account of disruption at port services. EBITDA margin stood at 14.8%, a growth of 240 basis 
points on a year-on-year basis and a degrowth of 80 basis points on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Production volume was highest in this quarter and stood at 4.68 million sheets at a utilization 
level of 89% on enhanced capacity of 21 million. Sales volume for the quarter stood at 4.17 
million sheets. Our average realization for the quarter was INR 1,086 per sheet. This is up by 
4.7% on a year-on-year basis and 7.7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
I'll move on to decorative veneer and allied. This consists of decored veneer, engineered floors 
and engineered doors.  
In the Decorative Veneer segment, business were flat on a year-on-year basis and  de-grew by 
7.5% on a sequential basis and stood at INR 25.3 crores. Volume degrew by 8.1% on a year-on-
year basis. Sales volume this quarter stood at 0.27 million square meters and capacity utilization 
in this quarter stood at 25%. Average realization in this quarter stood at INR 916 per square 
meter. 
Moving on to engineered wood flooring. Revenue de-grew by 10.7% on a year-on-year basis 
and grew by 20.7% on a sequential basis to INR 10.3 crores this quarter. Capacity utilization 
was at 10% in this quarter. 
Moving on to engineered doors. Revenue grew by 92.6% on a year-on-year basis and grew by 
9.5% on a sequential basis to INR 7 crores in this quarter. Capacity utilization of doors in this 
quarter was 14%. 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Now I'll move on to the new segment, which is plywood.  
We have started commercial production on 9th June in this quarter. we started with a small 
revenue of INR 0.8 crores in this quarter. Sales volume was 0.03 million square meters and 
average realization for this quarter stood at INR 233 per square meter. 
Net debt for the quarter stood at INR 522 crores as against INR 312 crores at the end of last 
quarter.  
Net working capital in this quarter stood at 72 days, which is higher by 6 days on a sequential 
basis primarily on account of higher inventory due to higher stock at ports, inventory being built 
up for plywood unit and laminate unit at new plant. 
That's all from my side. I will now like to open the floor for the question and answer. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir, your line was not audible. So for the exports in laminate, what was the value and the 
volume growth Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q? 
And second, when I was going through your presentation, there is a large expansion in the gross 
margin in the laminate business. So if you could give color on the average prices for the paper, 
phenol and melamine prices that you would have experienced between quarter 4 and quarter 1 
and what it is now for us to better understand the gross margin expansion? Because there is 
realization increase as well, which is there in the quarter, so if you can give these comments on 
these 2 areas. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. So in terms of value of export was INR 235 crores in this quarter. This is for the company 
as a whole, out of which INR 234 crores was laminate. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
INR 234 crores worth of laminates was exported? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. In terms of volume, it was 1.73 million. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
What is the growth Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q? 
Ashok Sharma: 
volume degrew by 8% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And revenue by plus 5% or plus 8% whatever number? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And the second question on the averages for the phenol, paper and melamine prices 
between quarter 4 and quarter 1 and what it is now? So for us to understand the GM expansion. 
Ashok Sharma: 
That probably we will do this offline. 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
But is the GM expansion because of raw material or is it because of the realization? 
Ashok Sharma: 
It's both. It's in terms of raw material prices also, some of the raw material prices corrected and 
as well as the improvement in the value mix also. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And should I assume will they correct more is what you are seeing in the current quarter or now 
it's stagnated? 
Ashok Sharma: 
As we mentioned at the beginning of the call, this is now it is stabilized in terms of that. So what 
we see from here is more or less similar to what it was there in the Q1. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
My first question pertains to, again, the gross margin. And you mentioned that this has improved 
on both forms, value gain as well as softening of raw materials. With the blended realization, we 
were expecting that the contribution from the Prantij Plant going up, the blended realizations 
may look down, but that is not the case. So can you explain and is the current margin sustainable 
gross margin I'm talking about on what could be the direction for the full year? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
On the sustainability of the gross margin, it depends on how things go. Some there could be 1% 
or 2% movement here or there because we also have not been able to sell, as we said, maybe 
INR 20 crores worth of exports have not got invoiced for sales. So maybe the gross margin could 
eventually come down by 1% or 2%, I can't say that so clearly. RM costs are stable. So on the 
question of the Gujarat plant and the existing product mix, so we always have endeavour  trend 
of pushing up the value mix and having some product development, adding new customers, 
expanding markets in categories where the volume mix can be superior. So the push in the future 
and now always has been, while we drive for the commodity program from Gujarat factory, 
we're also upselling and pumicing the other categories and other products. 
So I'm not sure how much will the Gujarat plant reduce the realization, it might just keep it stable 
or there could be some minor correction. When the Andhra Pradesh factory starts there, as you 
probably know, we're putting 2 lines for larger-sized laminates, which primarily will be exported 
and some of those products will be sold in South India, which probably will have a better price 
mix, better value mix. So this could again get altered. 
So despite having higher quantity in the commodity segment, we may be able to maintain or 
even improve the realization. But it really depends on how it goes in the future. 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Ravi? As there is no response from the current participant. We'll move on to the next. 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Achal Lohade: 
What I wanted to check was with respect to the gross margins again. Can you help us understand 
in terms of the product mix, is there a change from fourth quarter to first quarter? 
And secondly, if I see the gross margins have improved by close to 400 basis points, but the 
EBITDA margins actually saw a contraction. So if you could elaborate, how do we explain this? 
Is there any one-off costs, one-off incomes, etcetera, if you could help us understand that? 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So with my limited understanding, the contraction of EBITDA is also due to higher employee 
costs, some higher marketing costs in this quarter. You're talking laminates I guess right now, 
right? 
Achal Lohade: 
Yes, I'm talking about laminates. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Actually, are we talking about Company or laminates? 
Achal Lohade: 
Only laminates. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So only laminates, you see EBITDA margin has come down by about 0.8% which is, I would 
say, largely because the un-invoiced or unbilled revenue, if we had billed INR 20 crores more 
sales of exports, I think probably would have come to better or really similar numbers, Ashok 
Ji? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Achal, in terms of this from the quarter 4 to this year, as you mentioned in the previous time also 
during the quarter 4 earnings call also, that the -- that one of the TV ad expense, which was 
moved from quarter 4 to quarter 1. So some of the expense has moved in this. And as usual, in 
the quarter 1, you will have some additional cost in terms of employee cost -- increase in the 
employee cost, and we are building up the team, also in the build up the team. So those costs 
some were on additional in terms of that. So otherwise, if you see from 0.8%, we'll be like INR20 
crores sales has been not come in this quarter. That could have been the impact on this. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Understood. So in terms of the product mix, any change in that? Given... 
Ashok Sharma: 
Not much of the change, not much of the change, except that this quarter, we have launched our 
flagship 1 mm catalog. So there might be few percentage -- some percentage, there might be 
some increase in this. But otherwise, we are not seeing any huge change in the product mix. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth from Investec. 
Parth 
I just had one question regarding volumes. If I see your Q1 FY '23 presentation. As per the 
presentation, the volumes are 4.12 and those have been corrected to 3.94, it's like 5% variation. 
So can you just help me understand why -- what could be the reason behind this? 
Ashok Sharma: 
We can probably come back to you on this. It is looking the same only. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Can you please explain the question again? Can you come again? 
Parth: 
Yes, sure. So as per Q1 FY '23 presentation, our laminates volumes were approximately 4.12 
and as per the latest presentation, it is 3.94. So there's a like 5% variation. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
I think it has changed. Q1 is 3.9-something. 
Ashok Sharma: 
We will come back to you on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dalal and Broacha Stock Broking Private 
Limited. 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Two questions from my side. Firstly, in the export market, on an industry level, are the volumes 
of the laminates increasing? Or is it just a case that the Indian players are gaining market share? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
My guess is that Indian players are getting more market share is more relevant. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And secondly, in terms of sales, would you be able to quantify how much we lost due to 
the cyclone in terms of sheets? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Will be close to around 150,000, 160,000 sheets, which is not lost. It has been postponed from, 
let's say, the material which was stuck at the port and which is getting shipped -- which is shipped 
in this month, July. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Sir, firstly, if you could elaborate what is the domestic demand panning out currently? And how 
do you see this in shape for the rest of the year? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
This is hard to say that to you. I just said that we hear markets have been a bit sluggish. They're 
a bit challenging and like we said, we still think we have to do our stuff and not complain about 
what's happening in the market. So with our new revamped product portfolio, added team 
members, advertising, promotion, market share expansion. We said earlier, we should be looking 
at overall 20% to 25% kind of a top line number. That's what I can say exactly how it will pan 
out, I don't know. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Understood, understood sir. And sir, when we say that from here, the input cost is likely to be 
stable. So should we assume that for the rest of the year, your Q1 margins will be what will be 
reflected for the annual basis as well? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So this is what we see as we see things now, at least, we have a visibility of the RM cost of July, 
August, September. And if something dramatic happens, costs can again change. And on the 
margins, are we talking gross margins or EBITDA margins? 
Udit Gajiwala: 
EBITDA front. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, I think it should be okay. I think -- we also have lower sales in Q1, sales got pushed to July. 
So things go well with Gujarat factory also got operational towards third week of May. So that 
runs well. We have some plywood losses also in Q1 of about INR4 crores, EBITDA loss of 
plywood because we operated the factory for only 15, 20 days, and the sales team is all built up. 
So that's also incorporated in the Q1 losses. So I think if all these things keep improving, we 
should be able to maintain or better the margins for the year. 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Okay, sir. And sir, just lastly, on the particle board front. So I understand that we'll be 
commencing in Q4 of this fiscal, so '25 will be our first full year of operations. So how do you 
see those numbers panning? Do we see the EPS accreted from what year? 
Ashok Sharma: 
This -- next year will be the first year and we plan, as per our estimate, we will be able to do a 
sales of close to around 50% odd and then it will be increasing. So I think it will become more 
visibility will come in the second, third year in terms of that -- in that. 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Udit Gajiwala: 
So first 2 years, it will be, of course, at a loss on the PAT level? 
Ashok Sharma: 
May not be, depending upon -- it breaks even at the nearly at the first year level at EBITDA. So 
there might be slight loss at the PBT level. But in the second year, we are hopeful that this should 
start adding at PBT level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Ravi from HDFC Securities. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Sorry, my line was disconnected earlier. And in line with what the earlier participant was asking. 
Could you recheck your volume numbers which you have shared because even the full year 
number, even after your setting the Q1 numbers which you have the full year number don't match 
with the quarterly and the annual numbers from the latest presentation. 
Ashok Sharma: 
We'll come back to you on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Just a few questions from my end. Firstly, on the margin front, or the realization front, you have 
actually seen raw material prices moving down because of which you've seen gross margins 
expanding. But at the same time, when I look at your realization, especially on the export front, 
they've have gone up roughly by around 20-odd percent. 
I would like a lot of reason for that, why there's a difference? Because as we understand it, it's 
too competitive an industry, realization ideally should be falling when raw material prices are 
falling. So is it expected to come with a lag? Or is it a product mix, which will continue to help 
you? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
I think two ways to look at it, Sneha. One is because the entire production could not be more or 
less not be invoiced, the denominator in terms of quantity could be different. So assuming INR20  
crores, what was booked as revenue, maybe the realization would have come down, that's one. 
Second, as we said earlier, we continuously work on product development and expanding space 
in the value mix business. We've also not been large commodity oriented player. So our segment 
of line as a commodity, obviously, we have a segment. That's not a very large part of our 
business. So we have not seen much correction of prices on the export front. 
The rupee to euro conversion, rupee to pound conversion has also got altered and rupee 
depreciation to euro and the pound. I think has also contributed to the realization. So what 
happens as we go ahead? Not so sure. But really, one -- I think because the denominator has not 
been normalized, that's also showing a slightly higher realization. It might be corrected, but it's 
also pushing to improve the value mix as we always do. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Understood. Just another question in that regard... 
Moderator: 
Sneha, there's a lot of background disturbance from your line. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Is it better now? 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, it's better. I'll request from you to mute your line when you are not speaking. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sure. I'll do that. Just an extension to the question that I asked regarding the realization. So given 
that there was a product mix impact, there was the impact of not booking the sales, I mean, some 
backlog now, which will be taken in Q2. How do you see realizations going on from here? I do 
understand volumes will come back, but can realization see a sharp dip from here given that Q1 
was an extraordinary quarter in terms of realization? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Sure. Actually, I'm not sure on that, the math on that. Because if you see Q4, we were like 
INR1,008, if you see export, if you're talking exports right, right now? or overall? 
Sneha Talreja: 
Right now only exports because that's where we've seen the major jump. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes. Yes. So exports was INR1,246 in Q4 and now it's INR1290. 
Ashok Sharma: 
So from the quarter 4, if you see, Sneha, there is not much of a difference. Of course, from 1 
year, it looks to be different. But on a quarter 4 basis, 3% - 4% gap in terms of that. So, we are 
not seeing any major change, except that last quarter -- this quarter, there is some INR 20 crores 
sale pushback. Apart from that, there may be some minor correction might happen, but we are 
not seeing any major change in this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Achal Lohade: 
I got disconnected. What I wanted to check, I think, Sneha asked about the export realization. 
Sir, can you help us with the domestic and the export realization for the fourth quarter and the 
first quarter? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Achal, we will do this off-line. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sure. Where I'm coming from, is there a change in the -- because if I see the average realization 
for the fourth quarter was about INR1,008, it's gone up by almost 8% Q-o-Q and you said that 
export realization, 3% - 4% increase. So is there a substantial increase in the realization for the 
domestic market? And if yes, can you help us understand if there is a change in the mix? And 
how do you see it playing out over the next few quarters? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. The domestic realization has gone up by around 11% in that and not much change in the 
product mix as we said that except maybe a couple of percentage, as we said, that we have 
launched our flagship 1 mm catalog in this quarter. And during the launch, normally some 
amount of additional sales might come. But we are not seeing a major change in the product 
mix. 
Achal Lohade: 
So this 11% increase is effectively the price hike? Just to reiterate that. 
Ashok Sharma: 
We didn't do any price hike in terms of that from the quarter 4 to this year. It will be majorly in 
terms of the product mix up. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Okay. And any update on how do you see -- how soon do you see this turnaround 
in the door and the flooring business? 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So on the door, floor and veneer business too. One is the RM costs have stabilized, or they got 
corrected because most of the raw materials of the segment is imported. I think those benefits 
should flow in towards the end of this quarter, early next quarter. The loss versus Q4, I think, 
has reduced -- versus Q4 has come down by about some INR2.45 crores EBITDA loss to INR1.6 
crores. So I don't think we're too far from at least becoming EBITDA positive in this category. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Shah from AK Advisors. 
Jigar Shah: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. So what kind of strategy level changes are you making in 
laminates? Let's say, in order to grab incremental market share? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
That's a big one. So I don't think much strategic level changes are being done. It's more 
execution, which is happening on strategies and directions we have already -- we are already 
moving on right from expansion of the market with the Gujarat facility being bought, adding 
products in the liner commodity segment, also revamping ranges in a certain periodicity. So over 
the last 3 to 4 months, the product ranges of Greenlam, ranges of pointed category. We've just -
- actually in the month of July revamped the bathroom cubicle range, which is a partnership 
business, where the range is designed by British architects and our team. 
So I think -- so it's a continuous program. So right on product range expansion into various 
subcategories of the business, expanding reach in geographies, adding more dealers, intensive 
working -- increasingly working with architects, IDs, carpenters, contractors for the home 
segment. So I think it's just like routine addition and expansion and more execution across every 
customer segment and on the product side. 
Jigar Shah: 
Sure, sir. My second question was like, can you give the geographical mix of our overall export 
business? And how is demand shaping up in specific markets? 
Ashok Sharma: 
As a strategy, we don't discuss about the -- we don't share this geographical reach, but more or 
less, if you can see that the rate is divided into several segment kind of a thing and that as a 
percentage, we don't want to give too much details, which is not there in the public domain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prachi Sharma from Ace Capital. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Sir, I just have a couple of questions. If you can just throw some light on the product pricing and 
how are the pricing of the relaunched Mikasa ply? 
Ashok Sharma: 
Yes. So we are -- in the Mikasa ply, this will be more mid- to premium kind of thing and we will 
be having our pricing. There are mostly in the South. We have launched only in the southern 
state of the 5 states, which we have launched and we will peg our price to the 2 national players 
in the zone only plus/minus a couple of -- plus/minus 2% to 4%. 
Prachi Sharma: 
Okay 2% to 4%, okay. Got it. Also, sir, if you can give some view on the plywood market 
segment demand. How do you see it shaping? I mean what is your view in the, say, next few 
coming quarters? 

 
Greenlam Indutries Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So on the plywood segment, it was too early to give you a sense on how -- what's happening on 
the overall market as compared to -- as in our perspective or as relevant to our situation. So in 
plywood, as we talk right now because it's very early days, we just made -- we've appointed 
about 300-odd dealers and we've got good response from them because primary orders have 
come in. You still have to streamline the secondary demand, create demand in the market, get 
secondary sales out. So -- as we talk right now, it's all going as per -- broadly as per our plan. 
South is the largest market for branded plywood. And like we said earlier, too, we have a good 
network in South India for branded products. So setting the network up, we feel fairly confident 
to do that. And clearly, I think there is competition in the market, we have to work hard to take 
more market share. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for the 
closing comments. 
Ashok Sharma: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. For any further query, you may get in touch 
with us or to the SGA, our Investor Relations advisor. Thank you. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Greenlam 
Industries Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
