 
6th June 2023. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Call on Q4 and FY 23 Results. 
 
In continuation to our earlier communications in the subject matter, enclosed please find the copy of 
the Transcript, which is also available on the website of the Company (www.suzlon.com). 
 
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suzlon Energy Limited 
 
 
Geetanjali S.Vaidya, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
GEETANJALI 
SANTOSH 
VAIDYA
Digitally signed by GEETANJALI SANTOSH VAIDYA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=1f68fbc13c0b8b3a34b3090cec1d1201ad
6adf5a8af53061cc2ac9ca603245ff, 
postalCode=411030, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=70e6fc9b127e425bb9cb937f96d57
75c420ccc6112295e0fe8056eda8aed1812, 
cn=GEETANJALI SANTOSH VAIDYA 
Date: 2023.06.06 13:50:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Suzlon Energy Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. P. CHALASANI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. HIMANSHU MODY – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHINEET ANAND – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Welcome to the Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of Suzlon 
Energy Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the 
end of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal the 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
During this call, the company's management may make certain statements which reflect the 
outlook for the future, or which could be construed as forward-looking statement. These 
statements are based on management expectation and associated with uncertainties and risks as 
fully detailed in the company's annual report, which may cause the actual results to differ. Hence, 
these statements must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Abhineet Anand from Emkay 
Global Financial Services. Thank you, and over to you. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Thanks, Ryan. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd first like to thank the management for giving us 
this opportunity to host the call. Today, we have with us the top management of Suzlon Energy 
Limited, being represented by Mr. J. P. Chalasani, Group CEO; and Mr. Himanshu Mody, Group 
CFO. I will now hand over to the management. Over to you, sir. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Thank you, Abhineet, and good evening to each one of you, and thank you for joining us on our 
FY -- quarter 4 FY '23 Earnings Call. At the beginning, let me apologize to you for any 
inconvenience in the call because both me and Himanshu having sore throat so might hear some 
coughing, okay? So, it's not because there was a hard question. It's because we were not feeling 
well. 
So, I hope I'm sure you had an opportunity to review our results and investor presentation. We 
will share with you an overview of the industry, and we will walk you through our quarter 4 FY 
'23 and full year FY '23 performance. We will then take your questions. As all of us know, that 
with good policy initiatives from the government of India as well as few state governments, the 
wind energy sector has got much needed impetus, providing momentum for industries to kick-
start the journey to net zero. 
The 2030 GOI target of 500 gigawatts of non-fossil fuel-based capacity, which, again, 
substantiated by the recent CEA report of the generation mix for 2030 demand meeting 
envisages that 100 gigawatts of wind capacity to be set up. So, with the current capacity of 
around 43 gigawatts, so we will need wind installations of about roughly 8 gigawatt per annum 
over the next 7 years. 
The current -- recent important announcements of discontinuation of E-reverse bidding and 
resorting to close bidding, coupled with the state-specific bidding for all 8 states with the Pooled 
tariff. I think we feel that would actually make us get back to the pre-FY '17 level of capacity 
additions. FY '24 wind bid plan 2.5 gigawatt each by SECI, NTPC, NHPC and SJVN that is 
making it to 10 gigawatts. And as you are aware that the first 2.5 gigawatts, the NIT has come 
out a couple of days back from SECI, which is in line with the – not eight states, but five states 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
it has come out. The initiatives like ISTS waiver, the extension for COD of projects until June 
25, will again boost the C&I segment mainly. Wind repowering potential of 25 gigawatts and 
the Green Hydrogen mission targets, the concepts like RPO and RGO obligations which further 
boost RE sector in a big way. 
We have also responded to the market requirement of our larger wind turbine through our -- the 
S144 3-megawatt series. Our cumulative orders of 1,542 megawatts are the highest since 2019. 
These include the order book as on March 31, 2023, of 652 megawatt plus orders secured 
subsequently of 890 megawatts. 
Out of this, what is more gratifying for us to say is that 780-megawatt is new 3-megawatt series, 
which clearly demonstrates the immense trust that our clients have on Suzlon's expertise and 
product technology. Our priority going forward is to pursue quality orders with a higher value 
and better margins. Our focus remains on execution and building our order book. Our OMS 
business continues to do well. It has over 16 gigawatts of renewable capacity under maintenance 
globally, out of which close to 14 gigawatt is in India. With a positive sectoral outlook and strong 
fundamentals, we at Suzlon are now well equipped to leverage the market opportunity arising 
from energy transition. 
I would now like to invite Himanshu to take you through our financial performance. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Thank you, J. P. C. sir and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I will be using slide number 18 
to 22 of our investor presentation, which has been uploaded on our website as the reference point 
for my discussion during this discussion. FY '23 has been a historical year for Suzlon since the 
company has seen significant improvement in all key financial parameters. Our balance sheet is 
stronger as a result of a significant debt reduction post the rights issue. Our fundamentals have 
strengthened with a consistent focus on our bottom line. 
We are pleased to report that our consolidated net worth has turned positive after 10 years, and 
it is at INR1,099 crores for FY '23. Net debt has reduced from INR13,000 crores on 31st March 
2020 to INR1,180 crores as of 31st March 2023. This is a reduction of more than 90%. 
Our consolidated FY '23 PAT before any exceptional items has turned positive after the period 
of 6 years and is at INR167 crores for FY '23 on a consolidated basis. This is as compared to FY 
'22 PAT of negative INR249 crores last year. 
With the continuous focus on deleveraging our balance sheet, we have achieved substantial 
reduction in our net finance costs as well. For FY '23, our net finance cost stands at INR401 
crores, which was at INR712 crores for FY '22, yielding into a reduction of close to INR311 
crores, which is a reduction of 44% in the finance costs. 
Hence, there is a marked improvement on all our financial parameters, like net debt to EBITDA 
pre-foreign exchange is at 1.4x for FY '23 vis-a-vis 7x for FY '22. And our net interest coverage 
ratio for FY '23 is 2.1x versus 0.9x for FY '22. Inflation for us is under control as an economy 
and commodity prices have also stabilized, showing great resilience going forward. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
With that, I'd like to conclude my presentation, and we can open the floor for any question and 
answers that the callers may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
Mohit Kumar with ICICI Securities. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very, very strong order book. First question is, sir, how do you see the 
execution in FY '24 in megawatt terms? You did mention that it can reach 1.6 gigawatt, I think, 
which we did in 2017. Is it possible to reach that number in FY '24 based on the order book? Or 
do you think this number can be achieved in FY '25? That is the first question. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Yes. Obviously, we've given you our order book position as of today. So, 50% to 60%, maybe 
almost 60% of that is for the current year and we will book more orders. But as far as whether 
we will reach 1.6 -- in fact, we did 1780  megawatt in FY '17. But I think I would only say that 
instead of taking a guess on me, take a guess on the country, and we will maintain 25% to 30% 
of whatever country adds, our market share will be to that extent. So therefore, I will leave it to 
you for assuming what number will be ours. 
Mohit Kumar: 
But projecting a market share decline in FY '23? Is it right, sir? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
That is primarily because more than 50% capacity of what we are supposed to add was not full 
scope of EPC with us, where we only supply the turbine sent to the commissioning -- erection 
and commissioning and the rest of BOPs with the clients. So, their turbine supplied even in 
quarter 2, a significant amount of it has not got commissioned in March 31. We have limited 
control over that. If we had that, obviously our market share would have been much higher. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is what are the challenges required to get back to this high 
level of activity in terms of capital expenditure and working capital funding. 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, from a working capital perspective, we have made a good start in securing working capital 
facilities for some of the orders that is currently available with us. Of course, this will keep 
getting built up for to match with the delivery schedules of the orders. So, we don't see any 
significant challenges on being able to have the working capital ramp up or done in time to be 
able to deliver on those orders. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Any capex expenditure we need to do, sir? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So capital expenditure, we would not need to do certainly for FY '24 other than the normal 
maintenance capex that we do, which is close to about INR100 crores. But for FY '25, we may 
need to start placing certain advances and orders in FY '24. So that may be a delta of another 
INR100 crores to INR150 crores over and above our maintenance capex that we may need to do 
to augment certain capacities for FY '25. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
That's mainly for our 3-megawatt platform augmentation. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Gautam C Jain with GCJ Financial Advisors. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
Yes, congratulations for very good set of numbers. My first question pertains to your turbine 
segment. They're still not making money if I look at your EBIT. So, can you guide us where we 
are -- we will be able to make money in this line, turbine business? 
Himanshu Mody: 
On the EBIT, you would be right. But at the EBITDA level for FY '23 in the WTG business, we 
have reported INR96 crores of EBITDA for the full year. Of course, at the EBITDA level, 
because we have a depreciation of close to INR250 crores, which gets reduced between the 
EBITDA and EBIT still continues to be negative. But on the EBITDA level also for the WTG 
business, despite lower volumes in FY '23 as compared to FY '22, we've been able to deliver a 
healthy EBITDA margin. 
Gautam C Jain: 
So, what maximum margin we can achieve in this in terms of EBIT margin? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, well, EBIT margin, again, I won't comment on. I will stick to my answer on EBITDA 
margins. EBITDA margins in this business certainly can go upto single high digits in percentage 
terms. 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. Around 8% to 9%, right? 
Himanshu Mody: 
Single high digits. Yes, I would say. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
8% to 9% in those categories. 
Gautam C Jain: 
And the second question pertains to your execution capability. You have written in the 
presentation that you have capacity to, I think, execute more than 2,000 megawatts, right? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Yes, that's what we established earlier in FY '17, the... 
Gautam C Jain: 
You also said that 8 to 10 gigawatts orders need to be placed by different companies in wind 
energy, wind power energy. So how much do we expect to get from those orders in the next 3 
years or 4 years? Can you guide us on that? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
It's like -- as we said that our aim is always to be #1 and #2 in the country in terms of market 
share. And more important than that is that we will be plus 25% let's say, around 30% is the 
market share, what we're aiming. So, this is -- you can't really take the 10-gigawatt bidding 
because they'll get bid at different times and COD is coming in different years. So, the year of 
bidding is not the indication of when the actual COD would happen. 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. So, we'll try to maintain 30% market share? Okay. And my last question is, so we will 
have a good amount of cash generation in 2024 as well. So can further reduction in net debt will 
be seen in 2024? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So certainly, there will be a reduction in the net debt in 2024. It may not be at the same pace as 
what the company has seen in the last few years. But I think through whatever cash flow 
generation as per the amortization schedule of our loan, yes, we will continue to see the debt 
reduction. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Gautam C Jain: 
Okay. Any guidance on your AMC business. So, growth in the future, because that's also 
stagnant for the last 6, 7 years. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
See, OMS is -- there are 2 ways of business growth. One is the turbine business what we do. 
Obviously, as our -- the turbine sales keep increasing in 2 years, to the extent the growth would 
happen. Obviously, you know that -- as a country itself, there's a subdued numbers in the last 5 
years. 
Post FY '17, if you see last 5 years, as a country we did anywhere between 1,800 megawatts 
minimum levels to maximum of 2,200 megawatts. Okay -- it's not just us, as a country we have 
not been growing, whatever the reason. So, whatever has been share, that growth has been there. 
So therefore, it is not something different in the sector. 
We have been growing as per the sector. In the future as we keep growing, that will grow. And 
obviously, we would also look at growing by the multi-brand in the turbines. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Ganguly with Nine Rivers Capital. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
I have two questions. One, regarding you recently won a 300-megawatt supply order, like 
Torrent. Now would it be fair to assume that it is a multiyear contract -- and if that is the case, 
then how do you all manage the raw material volatility risk associated with such projects? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Some of the basic things is we are hedging in the contract as the commodity pricing with the 
steel and maybe even foreign exchange. So that is one way of hedging in the contract as first 
one. Second way is that we do have long-term relationship with our suppliers. So therefore, we 
give them an upfront indication of what we want, and we are locking the price evenly. So, these 
are 2 ways we try to see that we don't go beyond our estimates. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
Okay. My second question is regarding the performance of the Chinese companies in the 
domestic market. So, there are -- Goldwind is a very large company. We don't -- I don't know 
whether they are in India, but envision it currently is -- so if -- how are they performing? And 
are there any regulatory steps being taken by the government? Or are they free to operate in the 
industry? If you can give some shed some light on that, then that would be very helpful. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Obviously, we are hands full with our own affairs. So therefore, I don't want to get into whether 
they have a regulatory hurdle. But only thing I want to say is that the market is going to be what 
we're envisaging i.e., a 10 GW bidding every year, I think there is a pie for everyone. So, I don't 
think that will be an issue. Whether they will have the hurdles or not, I don't think it's right for 
us to comment upon. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
Great. And what is their market share right now? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Their market share? 
Vivek Ganguly: 
Yes. In the domestic -- in the Indian scenario. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
It's not right for me to comment about others market share, Vivek, but we can talk only about 
our market share. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Bahirwani, an Investor. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
I had a couple of questions. My first question is how much are the carry forward losses at 
consolidated level? And related to it, what is the expected tax rate for FY '24? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, for FY '24, I can confirm that the consolidated level, there will be no tax outgo because we 
would be utilizing our carry forward losses. And the total carry forward losses -- on the balance 
sheet as of today  is exceeding INR 2,000 crores. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
Okay. My next question is realization has gone up if we see on quarter-on-quarter basis in wind 
turbine business, it is around INR6.10 crores per MW. So, can we expect this to continue in this 
financial year? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So I think the margins that we've been able to report in H2 of FY '23, we should be able to 
maintain those margins going forward for this financial year. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
If we look at quarter 3, the per megawatt realization was Rs 5.65 Cr. And in this quarter, it has 
come around 6.10. So, you are saying we will maintain the margins of H2, which will be around 
5.8 to 6 Cr per megawatts. Is that right? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, at the contribution level, we should be able to maintain our margins at mid-teens as we go 
along. So, I don't want to comment on specific crores, but mid-teens are what we would be able 
to do. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Himaanshu Kansal with Vijit Global Securities Private 
Limited. 
Himaanshu Kansal: 
Yes. Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand that as far as the 
offshore installations are concerned, you can correct me if I'm wrong. It is the bigger turbines 
that are needed, and they are visible so it's like 15-megawatt kind of turbines. I just wanted to 
understand that government has also started pushing for the offshore in the recent few months. 
So how ready we are for taking on the offshore project? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
We are aware of that, and we are aware of the program when the offshore turbines requirement 
is coming to India and we are getting prepared to be ready by the time that demand is there in 
India. We would be ready, matching the demand schedule. 
Himaanshu Kansal: 
Okay. Just one more question. In terms of reduction from the interest cost, if you can just give 
us some idea as to how much more interest cost can go down this year? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, this year, of course, difficult for me to give you a number, but -- as I said earlier, compared 
between FY '22 to FY '23, the interest cost reduction is about 44%. It certainly won't be to that 
extent because there may be working capital facilities, which is by way of nonfund-based limits, 
which we will be ramping up for execution of these orders. 
So, whilst our term loan from gross debt of INR1,900 crores will keep reducing based on the 
cash flows, but at the same time, our LC and bank guarantee commissions that we need to incur 
for working capital will also be comprising a part of the interest cost. So yes, whilst there may 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
be a reduction on the INR401 crores, but certainly not as high reduction as we've seen in the last 
few years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Eshan Bhargava with Emkay Global Financial Service. 
Eshan Bhargava: 
So, you mentioned that there are no current challenges on the working capital, but just checking 
on another aspect. Last quarter, you mentioned that we were in advanced discussions with 4 to 
5 institutions for working capital. So how have those discussions progressed? Could you give a 
flavor of that? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, without giving names or specific institutions, I can confirm to you that as we speak today, 
we are sitting on close to INR1,000 crores of sanctioned working capital limits available with 
the company from those institutions. And we are, of course, constantly in discussions with the 
same institutions to ramp up the working capital or the project-specific funding to deliver on 
those orders. So certainly, it's a marked improvement over the last quarter, and we see this 
continuing from quarter-to-quarter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ritesh Poladia with Girik Capital. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sir, just to continue on the previous question on working capital. Sir, yesterday, there is an 
announcement of enabling resolution for working capital conversion into equity. So, will you 
have not significant challenges and why did you pass such a resolution? And what's the quantum 
of this retention? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, this was a CP of one of the working capital lenders without taking the name. That in case 
that there is a default on the working capital facilities that have been sanctioned by them and as 
and when we draw down those working capital, in case there is a default, then the lender has a 
right to convert the outstanding loan into equity shares of the company. This is a fairly standard 
enabling resolutions for the most kind of indebtedness that companies take. 
So even when we refinanced our facilities last year, a similar enabling resolution under what's 
called 62(3) of the Company's Act was obtained. So, it is in line with that -- so it is -- while of 
course, this resolution has been passed by the Board and it will be tabled before the shareholders, 
but it is more a CP compliance than in actual -- the chances of it being implemented in actuality, 
given our current financial status is very remote. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
So, this enabling resolution come into effect only in the case of default and not otherwise? Is 
that understanding, right? 
Himanshu Mody: 
That's right. So, the lender needs the comfort that in case of a default, the shareholders have 
approved a resolution so that there are no hurdles for them to convert the outstanding loan into 
equity shares should the situation arise. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
And sir, what's the interest rate currently going on -- for the working capital for you? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, working capital, in our case, is all non-fund-based facilities -- so we typically pay a LC or a 
bank guarantee commission or a letter of comfort commission, which we take from NBFCs. So 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
that range is anywhere between 2% to 3% of the LC or BG commission that we get issued from 
them. So, it's not a term loan facility where we pay sort of close to 10% on our existing 
borrowings, it's a little different construct. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sure. And any advance available for -- from this PSU or the government companies? And is 
there an interest component in it? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, we don't get advances. Of course, when we issue bank guarantees to our customers, who we 
have taken orders from, so what we give as an advanced bank guarantee and against the advanced 
bank guarantees when our customers release the advance to us against the orders. So, to that 
extent, it is cash neutral, and which is by all our working capital is non-fund based and not fund 
based. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from CA Arun Maruti with Shubhlabh Research. 
CA Arun Maruti: 
Congratulations for a good result for this time. Sir, my question is with regard to the facility of 
other -- some inactive players whose O&M activity is not being done by them. So, are we 
envisaging any opportunity in that particular activity? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
As I said some time back on the service business, looking from our turbines. We're also looking 
at the growth in terms of multi-brand turbines, that means which are not our turbines. So 
therefore, we would keep exploring the opportunities. Then we need to be sure that we'll be able 
to deliver the same level of service what we provide to our turbines because we have set standard 
with our clients. 
There's a set of expectations when it is Suzlon turbines and the moment we are confident we can 
provide that service and making the reasonable margins and we are in the market. We keep doing 
it. Already we had done some turbines, and we will continue to keep doing that. 
CA Arun Maruti: 
Okay, sir. And on the casting and forging activities, would you like to say something on that, 
that will be helpful. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
See, the way the demand for wind turbines is increasing, so then obviously, the demand for the 
components is increasing. So therefore, the -- our foundry division is seeing a significant order 
inputs. And they're also working towards the improvement in productivity by doing some 
debottlenecks so that we can increase our capacity for this year and next year and subsequent 
years. And even in Forging, we are finding the order intake increase this year. So, we are seeing 
a growth there along with the parent company. 
So -- and also there, they just don't do with Suzlon, they do non-Suzlon as well. In fact, with 
non-Suzlon customers, they are all our competitors, okay, that every single competitor of ours 
in the wind sector are the customers or the clients for SE forge. So everybody goes to them. 
Therefore, in fact their non-Suzlon business is, let's say this, Suzlon business is 30-40% and non-
Suzlon business is 60-70%. And also, they have an export business, and we see a good growth 
potential there. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
CA Arun Maruti: 
So, can you share to any ballpark number for the guidance that will be helpful; what kind of 
growth we are looking in that particular business? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
It is such a growth, what happened in the wind sector is what you can expect the growth there. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Faisal Hawa with HG Hawa. 
Faisal Hawa: 
With the massive shift to renewable energy in the future, would it be -- like too optimistic to 
believe that we could have -- at more like a INR100,000 crores order book with something very 
similar to what happened to us in the early 2,000 where we were like continuously over booked 
with orders. Do you see that kind of a situation coming back any time soon. As most of the 
players who are very much adapted, recognizing this oncoming slew of orders are not as well 
prepared as they used to be? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Obviously, I don't want to put a number to it, but I can say, yes as the policy is talking about. 
And I'd say there are two growth that are happening now in the wind sector. Earlier, we use to 
mainly depend upon the utility sector where in backed by PPAs used to be significant and retail 
segment used to be small. 
But now with the C&I segment growing significantly, so there is order book coming from there 
as well. We don't need to depend just upon the bid. What I can only say is that we will be pick 
and choose now on the orders of which would give us, one is good margins. And the second 
thing is easy to execute and the third is who is the client, so that we can have a long-term 
relationship in terms of OMS. 
So, I don't -- in my opinion, the order -- at least for the next few quarters, orders would not be a 
constraint. It's a question of how much can we pick up in terms of our ability to execute and also 
the good quality order as well as quality clients. That's what I would put it as. But directionally, 
you are right, there will be more orders in the sector. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And sir, can you just tell us of 2 or 3 shop floor improvement that we have made to really cut 
down on the order execution time and to increase margins for our company? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Earlier what used to happen, as I said, sometime back, if you look at even let' say, the highest 
we did in FY '17. The entire 1,800 megawatt was done by us on EPC basis, mostly completed 
on a turnkey basis end-to-end by us, okay? 
That stretches us in terms of acquisition of land and the number of cranes and our people, ability 
and project management but now what is happening is that because we're having a mix of orders, 
where some part of it is EPC, some part of it, we call it as SIC, which is Supply, Installation and 
Commissioning where the clients are doing and some people, in fact, just taking the turbines. 
They are doing erection under our supervision. So, with that, our capability to execute more 
orders in terms of execution part of it is increasing because there are supplementary efforts from 
the clients as well, compared to what we did in FY '17. So actually speaking, our ability to 
execute projects today on the capacity wise is much higher than FY '17 because we have 
supplemented by clients as well. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
And sir, how are we viewing the whole offshore wind power? Will it finally come into any kind 
of a majority or it's still time to go? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
I'm sure that you know more than me because you people keep tracking the sector much more 
than us. The offshore is aspiration of the country. Obviously, that we need to build the ability, 
there is an aspiration there at specific level. So, we need to build that ability and how long it 
takes for the ability to build and when the first project comes it is anybody's guess work. But 
what we are doing internally is that we don't miss the bus. We are preparing ourselves as and 
when that opportunity arises, we will be there in the market. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And any orders coming from overseas to us or are we not even looking at that? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Right now, no. There's enough in India for us. So, we don't want to take our eye out of India. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Himaanshu Kansal with Vijit Global Securities Private 
Limited. 
Himaanshu Kansal: 
Just wanted to understand how much can we expect from the sale of the noncore assets this year? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So again, we don't want to quantify a number here. But certainly, this financial year as in FY 
'24, we would see sale of one of our substantial noncore assets, but difficult for me to give you 
a number on any indications on the same. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal with Axis Securities Limited. 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: 
Sir, what would be our revenue guidance and EBITDA margin guidance for FY '24? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, as I said, EBITDA margin guidance remains the same that we saw in the H2 of FY '23, which 
would be similar for the group. Revenue guidance -- would let you draw your own conclusion. 
We said that we have close to 1,500 megawatts of confirmed order book, of which close to more 
than 50%, about 55% of that is for FY '24. And in FY '23, we did 664 megawatts, you know the 
revenue was close to INR6,000 crores for the same -- so if we draw even 60% of 1,500 
megawatts in order book, that's close to about 850 to 900 megawatts in orders for FY '24 on 
hand. So that is on hand, which is close to a 30% plus increase in order book. So, you can 
extrapolate the revenue increase from that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rohit Bahirwani an Investor. 
Rohit Bahirwani: 
Yes, just one final question. As per my understanding, 3-megawatt series have higher margins 
as compared to traditional wind projects. So, can you provide some sense as to how much 
variation is there between the two? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
It's not really the higher margins for the turbine, but basically, when you go to the higher capacity 
of the turbines, the BoP cost comes down, the balance of plant cost, okay? So overall margins 
for the clients would increase at the project level. The margins at the turbine level would more 
or less remain the same. And second thing is the margins also will keep improving as we keep 
supplying more and more. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
There is a cost out and you establish your product cycle and things like that. But the -- but 
fundamentally, you increase the size of the turbine, it is the project level cost comes down. I 
hope it clarified it. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ritesh Poladia with Girik Capital. Ritesh, your line is 
unmuted, please ask your question. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
On 3-megawatt series, how economically it is different from this 2 megawatts, if you can give 
us some idea because I believe -- definitely, our efficiency is much higher, but so is the cost. So, 
what's the net gain or is it the economical gain? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
No. I think the previous question I answered with respect to the turbines. When you keep 
increasing the size, so it's not necessarily the cost per megawatt of turbine comes down, but cost 
per megawatt of the project comes down because if you say that we are doing a 300-megawatt 
project, we are putting 2-megawatt turbine, you need 150 footprints which are spread in much 
more area. 
One is land cost increases, the second thing is your entire BoP cost or evacuation cost, everything 
goes up. But the moment you make that a 3-megawatt, only 100 footprints. So, your BoP cost 
comes down. The cost of the project comes down but not the cost of the turbine. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
So, the economics like the IRR for the developer goes up? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Yes. More than that is, I think I look at higher capacity even though all the work is done because 
you keep increasing the capacity when we want to go from 40-gigawatt to 100-gigawatt, your 
availability of land keeps coming down, okay? So therefore, the 2 things would happen with 
this. The requirement of land comes down significantly. 
And the second issue is that in wind projects, major issue is that keep getting issue of pathways 
i.e., your right of ways (ROW) not just during the period of execution, even during the period of 
operations because they are in open area. Those troubles keep coming down in addition to the 
project level cost coming down. 
But significant thing is the main reason for the turbines size going up is that your land area 
required and your constraints in terms of operating comes down in addition to, to some extent, 
the BoP cost comes down. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
Sure, sir. That explains. And sir, what's the replacement demand scenario looks like for next 2 
years? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
It is like in the repowering?  
Ritesh Poladia: 
Yes, because those which are like 20, 25 years old need replacement. So, what the scenario looks 
like in next 2, 3 years? What kind of additional demand in wind turbine? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Wherever we are reaching to that stage, the – because the turbines quality appears to be pretty 
good. So, most of our clients, these are mainly the retail clients at that point of time. We are 
talking about 20-25 years back; we didn’t have the big IPPs, or utility customers were not there 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
at that point of time. So, what they're saying is that, okay, fine, we want to a life extension of 
this turbine. So, they offer us a onetime price for refurbishing the turbines and then keep running 
it. So, it's a win-win for both. So, they continue to get the revenue from that turbine and for us it 
is good that our OMS revenue will continue. 
That's what is happening in most of the cases where the turbine has reached that age. The 
repowering or replacing is not picked up at -- but that's an area which we all have been talking 
for, I think, 5-7 years, but it's still to pick up. It might pick up in the future. But right now, most 
of the contracts for us are happening that way. 
Ritesh Poladia: 
In terms of the O&M business, we did about INR1,900 crores. So -- and it's almost like flat for 
the year. So, what kind of growth one can expect on that? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
As I said, sometimes that growth would also depend upon the number of turbines we keep adding 
each year, okay? Especially the -- we say it's flat because though we added last year and this 
year the significant number of turbines compared to what we have been doing. But because in 
FY '20 and FY '21, our capacity addition was low. 
Those things have come now in the commercial operation. So, it is just not 2 years or 3 years we 
offer a free OMS period along with our turbine contract. So, they come into commercial OMS 
after 2 years. 
So, what you're seeing right now is that what has been commissioned in FY '20 and FY '21. So 
those are very small numbers if you see our capacity addition. That's why you're not seeing the 
growth. So, the last year and this year turbines what we added. So obviously, will come into 
commercial operations gradually next year and the following year. 
So, there's always a lag of 2 years or 3 years, mostly 2 years. Most of our contracts are 2 years 
for some turbine addition to the commercial operation. So that's way we are seeing bit of a low 
growth. But second point is as it is, as sector as a whole, the turbine addition has not happened 
much. But mainly for us is that those 2 years' big. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Nikhil Abhyankar with ICICI Securities. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
I wanted to have -- I just want you to brief us on how are the current policy measures that are 
announced different from the earlier ones? How tangible is the policy measure? How tangible 
are the results? Are you already seeing any shift in the government's tendering activities? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
I think a significant change -- let's understand make it into 2 parts of it. One is pre-FY '17 and 
the second is post FY '17 after the competitive bidding has come-in. In FY '17,  as the country, 
we did about 5.5 gigawatts and thereafter, we have not even touched 2.5 gigawatts, forget about 
5.5 gigawatts. We not even reached 50% of it. The reason for before FY '17 was that every state 
was bringing a capacity addition and there were feed in tariffs. This also had GBI and everything. 
But once the competitive bidding came in, because the tariff was the main criteria, everybody 
went to the states where, it was not states specific everybody went to the states where there is a 
high wind. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
So therefore, you went to us to Gujarat and Tamil Nadu initially, all the bids. 
So, once you get concentrated in that area, so then your capacity addition comes down because 
land issues, your evacuation issues and various issues. Plus, the experience of reverse auction, 
we're also seeing that the tariffs have significantly fallen below the actual level of what you see. 
Cost effective tariffs was not there. So that's the reason some of the projects, in fact, if you 
compare the big megawatts versus the actual megawatts, there is a huge difference. 
These are the 2 reasons why fundamentally things were not moving. Those 2 have been corrected 
now. Because the one is they changed from E-reverse auction to closed bidding. So therefore, 
this -- the criteria of gambling and getting into lower tariffs in the competition because we are 
seeing that if you reduce INR0.05 paisa you will get it, INR0.02 paisa you will get it, you know 
you get into that mood, that will go away, it is a one-time closed bid. So therefore, we will see 
that -- we expect that there will be stability of the tariffs. 
Second most important factor is that they said that they will do the bidding of all 8 windy states, 
it will be state specific bidding. Even if they're doing 2.5 gigawatts on one bid or 10 gigawatts 
in a year, it will be state specific, and the maximum in a state would be 2 gigawatts. But when 
they go for the state specific, because some states because of the wind profile being low, the 
tariffs will be higher, and there could be potentially a problem of PPAs not getting signed for 
that. So, they came up with a solution that we will do a simultaneous state-specific bidding, and 
we will pool all that power and then sell at a pooled tariff. So therefore -- so that's the second 
aspect. 
One is your bidding and the second aspect is your multi-states, so would increase the volume 
because these 2 were the main hurdles in the last 5 years as we look at it from the utility point 
of view. Simultaneously what has happened is that C&I segment which was hardly there is not 
significantly picked up because when you look at the metal industry or the cement or the refinery 
to everybody. 
If you need to do an export, you want to get a net ZERO because your exports will get impacted 
in respect to whether you are green steel or not. Everybody is converting now into a renewable 
power as a captive consumer . So significant uptick has happened in the C&I. So that's, in fact, 
the -- if you look at our order book, almost close to 50% we're getting from that segment, C&I 
segment. 
So, these are the 2 reasons. I think one is changing the bidding term. Second is because you got 
into a different area called C&I segment, we see a great amount of potential, in spite of the fact 
that last 5 years we did not do it. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood, sir. Of the current order book, so how much of it is EPC and how much of it is the 
only supplier? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
I think roughly about 50-50 would be that. 50% would be EPC, 50% would be -- in EPC, again, 
we have 2 parts of it, one is we do along with power evacuation, some we do without power 
evacuation. So, the 50% is both. The balance 50% would be like a pure turbine supply, turbine 
supply cum erection cum commissioning but BoP won't be there. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood. And whatever we commission after 1 to 2 years will be added into our OMS 
portfolio, right? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Minimum 2 years. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Minimum 2 years. Okay. And any plans on monetizing OMS business? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So not yet because we keep looking at optimizing our capital structure from time to time, but 
there is nothing concrete to report. As and when the situation develops and everything develops, 
we will, of course, under the SEBI listing norms, whatever is required, public disclosure, we 
shall make. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Vikas Mukundan with Freelance Consultant. 
Vikas Mukundan: 
I joined the call a little late. My question is regarding the ISTS waivers till June '25 
commissioning of all projects by June '25. Is that going to spur captive projects in a big way and 
since you have land banks in major wind sites, would that help in getting more orders on that 
segment? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
See, the ISTS waiver is obviously, it's for the projects which are coming currently in the power 
grid network, so not on the state network. So therefore, wherever we have a land bank, they are 
actually the evacuation is in the STU network, then this doesn't cover proper. But however, 
having said that ISTS waiver would actually -- because it is only there up till March '25, you 
will see the rush of people trying to complete the project before March '25. 
That's also one reason why you will see that more and more orders coming in, everybody wants 
to complete by the March '25, pressure of that, especially for the C&I segment because at least 
for the big segment, if the substation is delayed, not for the reason, but could not be 
commissioned if the substation is delayed, so they will get an extension for the ISTS, but that 
facility is not there for the C&I segment. 
So, there's big rush of C&I segment to complete the projects before -- but of course, wherever 
we have the land bank, that obviously is an advantage to us whether ISTS is there or ISTS is not 
there. So, either way, the advantage is always there because land is precious for doing wind 
projects. 
Vikas Mukundan: 
Right. And one follow-up question to this itself is how much, since you said there is rush for 
such projects to be commissioned by March '25. How much of interest of this would Suzlon be 
getting? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
No, we won't get under pressure of March '25. We have our manufacturing plans. We have our 
ability of which quarter, how much we'll put this what we can supply. And our schedules when 
we give it in the contract is that it will be according to that. So therefore, the -- obviously, there 
will be pressure for more people asking us to take orders for that period. But if it is beyond our 
manufacturing capacity or supply capacity, we don't take it. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Natraj Shankar, an Investor. 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Natraj Shankar: 
I have two questions. One is you mentioned about working capital of about INR1,000 crores. 
And if I understand earlier you had about INR500 crores of working capital. Let's assume the 
INR1,500 crores are the working capital in it, what is the order book that you can actually take, 
that's one. 
And secondly, what is the initial feedback that we're getting from the state electricity boards for 
wind power, which is going to be slightly more expensive than solar power, is there any initial 
feedbacks from them in terms of their perspective on whether it is sustainable? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Let me take the second question first, okay? The expensive-inexpensive is a wrong term to use 
by just looking at the absolute tariff number, okay? The expensive-inexpensive depends upon 
when are you generating in respect to the demand? So unfortunately, because we don't have the 
time on the day today, so we talk about somebody's giving a 2.60 and something is coming at 
2.90. So therefore, it's not. 
Today's current requirement, if you've seen the most important thing is that the -- for 2030, 
there's a detailed exercise done by CEA. In fact, that is split into five different nodes, as we know 
that East, West. South, North and the Northeast, node-wise they have done the analysis and 
they've identified what is the demand in 2030 (8760 hours). And then they also identified what 
would be the least cost option to meet that demand. 
In that least cost option, it comes that -- at that point of time, there'll be 100 GW (actually 99,815 
MW or something) i.e. 100 gigawatts of wind and the 300 GW of solar -- I think if I remember 
right, 300 gigawatts of solar is what they're talking about -- is the requirement out there. So 
therefore, even from the least cost option, you need both, if it can't be wind, it can be solar. Okay. 
I'm sorry, 300 gigawatts for solar and 100 gigawatts of wind is what they are seeing is the 
requirement. 
So pure wind, pure solar, is not going to serve the purpose of meeting the demand. So therefore, 
this concept of which is cheaper is not going to work because you are seeing clearly, you are 
seeing stand-alone wind bids at the central or federal level, you are not seeing a stand-alone solar 
bid in the last few months, and you will not see also at that level. They're only talking about 
hybrid, RTC at the peak power or the pure wind power. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Yes. To answer your first question. Assuming we have INR1,500 crores of working capital, 
which is fully fungible between LCs and bank guarantees. I mean that would be more than 
adequate for us to be able to service our FY '24 orders. 
Natraj Shankar: 
Okay. That's about, let's say, 700 megawatts approximately, give or take. 
Himanshu Mody: 
I don't want to -- but as I said, it will be more than adequate to service our FY '24 orders. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Riken Ramesh Gopani with Capri Global. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: 
Sir, firstly, just a follow-up to the previous point that you mentioned about the RTC bid that are 
coming through over the last few months. So, across these RTC projects, is there any difference 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
in terms of the IRR that somebody makes on a stand-alone wind project versus an RTC hybrid 
project? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
No. The IRR depends upon what the tariffs. It doesn't depend upon what projects you're doing 
it. So, like -- if I want x percent returns from this project, I will bid my tariff accordingly, okay? 
So, the tariff determines your return. But if you want to compromise on your return and go to 
lower target it is a different issue. 
But otherwise, we -- I'm sure that every investor or every IPP would have their own hurdle rate 
of return and they will get according to tariff, comes out whether it's RTC or pure wind or the 
pure solar. So that's the reason you will see that with the RTC, the cost is higher. So, you'll find 
tariff also going up. That means, obviously, everybody is keeping the return same, but if the cost 
is higher, higher tariff are coming. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: 
Right. But in your interaction with your clients, do you understand that compared to a stand-
alone wind project, this is slightly better IRRs, or it actually is indifferent between a standalone, 
and also just in correlation -- in stand-alone wind project today and what is IRR during your 
assessment based on the current tariffs at which projects are going? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
IRR depends on a number of factors. It is not just a who am I? what is going to be my cost of 
funding, okay? Many people do a different costing and then subsequently do refinancing. There 
are a number of factors which decide your IRR, one is which is your hurdle rate what you are 
putting. So, it's impossible to say that what would be an IRR for a particular given tariff, because 
there are a number of other variables which will decide your -- the returns. 
But I'm assuming that the current tariffs, which are anywhere between 2.90 to 3.05/3.10 is what 
wind is settling down. I'm assuming that is the tariff range, what people are comfortable with 
hurdle rates. what they are expecting. 
Obviously, whatever they did, they are finding pressure on their returns at that tariff level, that 
is the reason I just said sometime back, that the projects are not moving forward. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: 
Understood sir, that is clear. And sir, last question from my side is about the inflow that you 
expect. So, in this year, I mean, what is the kind of -- in terms of gigawatts or megawatts, what 
kind of order inflow do you expect at your company? 
Himanshu Mody: 
At presentation, there is an order book of exactly what we expect -- so again, difficult for us to 
provide you a number. But as we've been saying, there is very active negotiations going on for 
a large order book size. So, we don't want to obviously put a number to that. But currently, given 
the traction in the market, both on the IPP and the C&I segment new order book as we secure 
whilst we deliver on the existing one, the new order book that we secure also quite -- could be 
quite significant. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
The only point I want to make is that the order book is not an issue anymore. We have plenty of 
the opportunities available there. It's a question of two things will decide. One is that how much 
can we actually deliver, the turbines in the next year. We will take order only to that extent. And 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
the second is that we'll cherrypick in terms of, earlier we were obviously constrained with respect 
to working capital and things like that, we were picking up every project which came across. 
We will be cherrypicking up projects which will give us better margins. But as I say, I'm not -- 
looking at the market, it's not just here, everywhere it is happening. So is globally that orders are 
flowing. So, order I don't think is an issue. 
Riken Ramesh Gopani: 
And you do not anticipate, You have not given a guidance on your order inflow but in terms of 
market share, you see yourself either strengthening or having steady state market share in terms 
of new order in the country, right? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Market shares, these two are two different things. Order intake is different. Market share in terms 
of COD is different. So, there's always a time gap between order intake versus COD. So, what 
we will be doing in COD today is, order we received earlier, what we will receive this year will 
be for the next year, the following year. 
So therefore, market share when I talked about is what amount of commissioning we'll do in a 
year because then everybody counts that the commissioning capacity -- so our guidance 
whatever we gave in, this will continue to be 25% to 30% of the total capacity is in terms of the 
commissioned capacity. 
Moderator: 
We take our next question from the line of Abhineet Anand: with Emkay Global Financial 
Services. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Majority of the questions have been answered. Sir, just two questions. One on the competition, 
if you can throw some light, who are active players. We do read some on the, obviously, 
newspaper, but if you can just highlight top 3, 4 players. And second, when you had indicated 
the government and state pipelines of 8 to 10 gigawatt, this exclude the C&I segment, right? 
And what type of market is there for the C&I segment, if you can highlight that as well. 
J. P. Chalasani: 
As I said, in the current order book, what we got is almost 50% is what the C&I segment. We 
expect moving ahead we will continue to have similar one. The C&I will further increase, let's 
say, in the coming years, when you're getting to a green hydrogen and ammonia, which is in the 
beginning stage today, okay? 
Right now, what is happening on the C&I segment is really the current players who want to 
convert or add renewable energy capacity in terms of their production to become green 
production, whether it's steel, cement, refining these people. But the demand in terms of C&I 
for the green hydrogen would significantly come up in the next couple of years. So, there will 
be a constant flow of it. 
In my opinion, frankly speaking, that the -- if you have 100, let's say, megawatts of a bid, at least 
40-50 megawatts, if not more would be from C&I in that ratio. 
Abhineet Anand: 
And on the competition side, sir? 

Suzlon Energy Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Competition is -- everyone is aware. I think whether it is quite for competition or talk about 
players in the sector. So, you have an Envision, you have Siemens Gamesa, you have GE, the 
main players -- so these are the main players. 
Abhineet Anand: 
Okay. Just one last. Sir, this O&M services, any large capacity that are exiting our PPA structure 
in the next few years? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
Come again? 
Abhineet Anand: 
So, see, we would be doing around 13 gigawatts of O&M right now, right, in our kitty as I 
understand. About 14 gigawatts -- so some of those we would have got in earlier years, maybe 
a decade back as well. So, I'm just trying to understand any large capacities in the next 2, 3 years 
that are exiting, are going to exit the O&M services? 
J. P. Chalasani: 
No, this is what I answered. It's not that 10 years old. will not. But the question is that if 
something has crossed 20, 25 years is what it ends. That's why the previous question I answered 
is that still right now, whatever is that is happening, it's mostly happening in the retail sector 
because at that point of time, one of the retail sectors was there, they are actually most of them, 
if not all, most of them are what they're trying to do is that the refurbished the turbine. It's like 
whatever little bit needs to do are refurbishing and then operate this thing. 
Even if they don't have a PPA because they think that they can sell in the market, to get those 
opportunities available. So, we have -- and as far for us, it's good that we get onetime fee of 
refurbishment and we get extension of OMS services, so win-win for both. And even if the PPAs 
not there, as people are saying I still do it because it's -- cost of generation is very low. It's an 
old turbine, depreciated plant, and I can sell it in exchange, and I will get money. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. On behalf of Emkay Global 
Financial Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
