 
 
ZIM LABORATORIES LIMITED 
__________________________________________________________________________________________ 
www.zimlab.in  I info@zimlab.in  I  CIN : L99999MH1984PLC032172 
 
Works : B-21/22, MIDC Area, Kalmeshwar – 441 501 Dist. Nagpur    
Regd. Office : Sadoday Gyan (Ground Floor), Opp. NADT, Nelson Square, 
Maharashtra, India.  Ph. + 91.718.271370  I Fax : +091.7118.271470 
                         Nagpur – 440013. Maharashtra, India. Ph. +091.712.2981960 
Ref No.: ZLL/CS/BSE/NSE  
 
 
              Date: 21.08.2023 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Company Code- 541400 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
(Symbol - ZIMLAB) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), please find enclosed 
the transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q1 FY24 held on Wednesday, 16th 
August, 2023. The same is available on the Website of the Company at:  
 
https://www.zimlab.in/investor-reports-earnings-call  
 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ZIM LABORATORIES LIMTED 
 
 
 
 
(Piyush Nikhade) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A38972 
PIYUSH 
SIDDHESHWAR 
NIKHADE
Digitally signed by PIYUSH SIDDHESHWAR NIKHADE 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=440012, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=325 
MAHALAXMI APPT NAGPURDHANTOLIWEST CENTREL ROAD 440012, 
l=NAGPUR, o=Personal, title=3526, 
serialNumber=3cced6ca26d23668ee558b723602e5236d527adc99269a3
746951cdb919fca04, pseudonym=352620221206180703459, 
2.5.4.20=42e9b6a98356f9095ec25716fc30d8cb8463fc1dc23adada5293c
43849baaf78, email=CSPIYUSHNIKHADE@GMAIL.COM, cn=PIYUSH 
SIDDHESHWAR NIKHADE 
Date: 2023.08.21 09:30:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“ZIM Laboratories Limited Conference Call” 
 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Dr. Anwar Daud - Chairman and Managing Director, ZIM Laboratories Limited 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal - Director Finance, ZIM Laboratories Limited 
Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde - Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of ZIM 
Health Technologies Limited 
Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro - Chief Financial Officer, ZIM Laboratories Limited 
Mr. Zain Daud - Investor Relations, ZIM Laboratories Limited 
 
Moderator:       Ms. Deepika Sharma - Go India Advisors 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
               Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ZIM Laboratories Limited Conference                  
Call hosted by Go India Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and  then 0 on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepika Sharma from Go India Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Deepika Sharma: 
Thank you, Yashashree. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
of ZIM Laboratories Limited. 
We have on the call Dr. Anwar Daud, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal, 
Director Finance; Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, 
of  ZIM Health Technologies Limited; Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro, Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Zain Daud, Investor Relations. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the Company faces. 
May I now request the management to take us through the “Financial and Business Outlook,” 
subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
Thank you very much, Deepika. So, I am Anwar Daud, speaking now. 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, esteemed shareholders, and analysts. I would like to 
extend a warm welcome to all of you as we gather today to discuss our company's performance 
in the first quarter of Fiscal ‘24. I am pleased to share with you the progress we have made in 
line with our core strategy despite facing certain challenges. Our business faced some headwinds 
this quarter, which resulted in a decrease in the revenue. A majority of this is attributed to a drop 
in exports of nutraceutical products in certain ROW markets due to a shortage of US currency 
in those regions. Keeping in mind this challenge and foreseeing a possible delay in payment, we 
were conscious to remain prudent in this business. 
Our pharmaceutical export business for Q1 24 has tracked closely with the performance of Q1 
23. Growth was hindered in the business due to a significant amount of PFI business shifting to 
the next quarter. Despite these challenges, our commitment to innovation remains unwavering. 
In this quarter, we have filed 20 dossiers of New Innovative Products (NIP) across Pharmerging 
and RoW markets. This significant effort adds to the momentum generated by the 2 NIP product 
dossiers filed in the EU during the previous quarter. Moreover, we have also submitted 19 
upgraded dossiers of our existing products across Pharmerging and RoW markets. 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Results have been promising for our NIP products, which demonstrated significant revenue 
coming in from manufacturing and sales of these NIP products during Quarter 1, amounting to 
Rs. 47 million. This is in addition to the dossiers and licensing fees received. Additionally, we 
have made significant strides in our oral thin film products, with revenue coming in from Europe 
this quarter. We have also submitted 6 dossiers in the Pharmerging and ROW markets for this 
business. ZIM and its partners also received 5 marketing authorizations on ZIM’s dossier in 
Pharmerging and RoW markets, reflecting regulatory approval and endorsement of our products, 
quality and safety. 
Our commitment to research and development remains strong, with an investment of Rs 53 
million in Quarter 1 of 2024, representing approximately 8% of our total operating income. This 
investment reflects our determination to stay at the forefront of innovation and industry 
advancement. In terms of infrastructure development, we have added Rs 181 million to our gross 
block during Quarter 1, primarily allocated to the construction of a new warehouse, enhancing 
our manufacturing facilities and optimization of our products. These endeavors are essential in 
ensuring our operations remain efficient and aligned with our growth strategy. 
At this point, I am handing this over to Mr. Shyam Patro to discuss the financial highlights of 
the company. Shyam, over to you. 
Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro:  Thank you, sir. Good afternoon to all of our esteemed participants. 
Let me present the overall “Financial Results” for Quarter1 of FY24: 
Our financials for the quarter indicate both positive and challenging trends. The Total Operating 
Income for Quarter 1 was Rs. 674 million, showing a decline of 27% on a year-to-year basis and 
36% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Our EBITDA for Q1 FY24 was Rs. 59 million, with EBITDA 
margin tracking at 8.8%. While the Profit After Tax for Q1 was at Rs. 2 million, the PAT margin 
from the same period was at 0.3%. 
Our exports, which constitute a substantial portion of our revenue, stood at 80% of our total 
operating income. The Total Exports in Quarter 1 FY24 amount to Rs. 539 million, a 29% 
decrease compared to Rs. 758 million in Quarter 1 last year. This was influenced by the currency 
shortages in certain RoW markets and a shift of significant PFI business orders to quarter two 
of this year. On the positive side, our Finished Formulations Exports witnessed impressive 
growth, reaching Rs. 202 million in Quarter 1 this year from Rs. 135 million in Quarter 1 last 
year, making a remarkable growth of 49.6% on a year-to-year basis.  
Furthermore, our gross contribution for Quarter 1 FY24 has seen an improvement, reaching 48% 
compared to 43% last year. Our operating costs also reduced in Quarter 1 this year versus last 
year, reflecting resilience of our business model and highlighting efficiency in our operations. 
It is important to note that during this quarter, the liquidation of escrow sales resulted in an 
inflow of funds totaling Rs. 306 million. This inflow contributed to lower borrowings and 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
subsequently lower finance costs in the coming quarters, effectively bolstering our financial 
health. 
I would now hand over the floor to the Managing Director to share his closing thoughts. Thank 
you. 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
Thank you, Shyam. In conclusion, I want to reiterate that while we have faced certain challenges 
this quarter, our commitment to innovation, quality, and strategic growth remains the same. We 
remain confident that these setbacks are temporary. We believe that the majority of the 
businesses impacted will rebound over the coming quarters as and when the current situation 
stabilizes and supply agreements are honored. We are confident in our ability to overcome these 
challenges and continue on our journey towards sustainable growth and value creation for our 
stakeholders. We would now like to open the floor for further questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Any one who wishes 
to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touchdown telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use their handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. 
                                                We have our first question from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Hello sir, Good afternoon. Given the currency crisis in the region impacting our revenues this 
quarter, do we anticipate a shift in our targeted market for products in the future? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
No, I do not think so. We do not anticipate. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. And sir, how do we differentiate from our competitors in the OTF segment? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
See there are various points of differentiation that we have presented from time to time. First of 
all, the accreditations that we have in Pharmaceuticals, EU accreditation and also for the 
Nutraceutical NSF accreditation. Then the portfolio, for oral film, I think it is a fairly large 
portfolio in different therapy segments. Then the first-mover advantage is there; we already have 
two MAs and several filings are there in the regulated markets. We already started supplying the 
European market in this quarter, which is also there. Finally, we just do not make Oral dispersible 
films. We make Oromucosal and sublingual films as well. That is the strength of the technology 
platform that we have, which has been branded Thinoral Technology. So, in that sense it is, 
besides the R&D center that we have, where we have co-development projects as well, of which 
we have been aware to all our shareholders and stakeholders from time to time. I think there is 
a rich; there is a depth of research;, there is market penetration; all of them are there. 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Darshil Pandya: 
And on the margin strength, do we anticipate the stabilization of the margins following this 
quarter? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
The margins are, as we have already provided in the last few (if you have seen the oral film 
margins), they remain the same, and we do anticipate that they will improve as we enter into the 
regulated markets, which are presumed to  provide us higher margins, but we have just started.  
Darshil Pandya: 
And any major CAPEX lined up for FY24 and FY25? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
So, the CAPEX are already on, as mentioned earlier, also that it is on the similar lines what we 
are doing. Only the warehouse has been now completed, but other CAPEX of two projects are 
still underway, and it will be on a similar line which has been done last year. 
Darshil Pandya: 
One final question, if I may ask. Can you provide an insight into the utilization of the 
consideration that we have received on the escrow share, sir? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Yes, it has been just utilized, particularly for reducing our cash credit and working capital loans. 
That is what has been given in the presentation: that it will impact our borrowing costs going 
forward. 
Darshil Pandya:                   Thank you so much, sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Jainil Shah: 
Hello! Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the NIP filing in the EU. So, we 
are supposed to file 4 products. Where are we on that and any licensing income visibility? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
I think we have already given information on this, and there is no new information to be given 
for this quarter. On the licensing income, we did receive some milestone payments, and they are 
reflected in our presentation. We are still on track for the 4 filings this year. Did I answer your 
question?  
Jainil Shah: 
Yes. And on the currency-related issues and some orders being deferred, so by when do you 
expect this situation to normalize, and any revised guidance that you would like to give for 
FY24? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
See, I think it is difficult to quantify this kind of future, but we already from the order list that 
we have, we can see that it is evening out. There has been a significant improvement in the 
situation in the markets that we operate in. We do believe that these are temporary phenomenon 
which keeps on happening, and this is all a result of the tightening in the US. Any change in the 
US currency policies do impact global sentiments. But I think Pharma businesses is in general 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
everything evens out, and we have seen these kinds of cycles before as well. And after quarter 
two, maybe we will think of what we can revise or what we can come back to you with. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sir, as of now, mid-teen growth is still achievable? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Yes, as of now, we are just judging the market. So, the detailed revised guidance will be more 
clear by the end of the quarter 2. So, we will be revising the guidance only after quarter two. 
Jainil Shah:                           Okay, okay. That’s helpful. Thank you! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Yogansh Jeswani from Mittal Analytics. 
Please go ahead. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Hi Sir. Thank you for the opportunity! Sir, like we mentioned in our opening remarks, one of 
the reasons for the lower Quarter 1 was the nutraceutical order not coming through because of 
the US dollar shortage. The other reason that we mentioned is that some PFI regular order has 
got missed and will probably come back to us in quarter two. So, is it possible to quantify how 
much of that order was missed this quarter? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
Yes, I think it is not really possible because the orders were there, but the postponement was 
mutual and the contract is still alive. And I think in the end, there is only one reason for why this 
order was postponed, that is the currency shortage and your company is prudent. So, we also 
decided not to go ahead with procurement and supply of order, which were already there, but 
there was a currency procurement delay. The order has come in. Just to answer this question 
another way is that a large chunk of that order has been received in quarter two. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Okay and we now see the dollar shortage issue normalize. 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
I think it will stabilize. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Good. So, On the nutraceutical side, what is the trajectory that we are seeing? Do we see still 
some more pain in it because last year our nutraceutical business had done fairly well? This year, 
what is our expectation with the nutraceutical business? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
I think there will be some pain, which will again even out because this is the first year of 
operation after the COVID-19 surge in nutraceutical business. For some time, presumably, there 
has been some oversupply by all nutraceutical players. It will even out, but the nutraceutical 
story remains strong because prescribing habits and the lifestyle habits do not change once they 
catch hold, and we feel that nutraceutical we have a strong story for us. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Right! Secondly, in one of our presentations, like you mentioned about some marketing rights 
that we have got, I think 5 marketing authorizations that we have got in Pharmerging and RoW 
markets, and then we have also filed 6 new dossiers in OTF in Pharmerging and RoW markets. 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
So, all these together combine what is kind of business that you are expecting from these, and 
also if you could also talk about what these marketing authorizations mean to us and how will 
they change the business profile in the next, say, one or two years? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
It is too early to quantify because we have just received them, and the projections that we started 
off with when we filed need to be revised looking at the ground realities now. In the quarters to 
come, perhaps we can come back with far more ideas about how we are able to quantify. The 
most markets which have some relevance for our business, there is a gap of six months to two 
and a half years between the filing and actually receiving the MA. So, situations are always 
different when the MA is received, and we and our partners do, we look at the situation and then 
come back with what the market could be like once we start operations in those territories. So, 
it is too early yet, and…. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
When you say between the filing and MA and the time which you received the MA, things in 
the market might change, and we might not maybe proceed with all the filed MAs that we have 
received, or you… 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
It can go either way. It can be better than what we anticipated or dampened due to some other 
changes in that market, competitive landscape, and other things. So, it is only after you get the 
MA that you can actually evaluate and quantify. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
And sir, another interesting update that we noticed was that we started out in Australia and New 
Zealand market by appointing marketing and distribution partners. So, if you could just talk a 
little bit more about the potential out there in these markets and what is our strategy and currently 
is New Zealand and Australia contributing anything to our business, or this will be a fresh start? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
This is likely to be a fresh start. It is based on the strategy of leveraging our NIP and oral film 
products in regulated markets, select regulated markets with our own brands partnering with 
strong players in that market, and we have started. So, and we feel that these are markets worth 
investing in because of the kind of margins we see for the kind of products that we make. 
Yogansh Jeswani: 
Lastly. So, if you look at the R&D that we do, we have done substantial amount of R&D, and 
every year we keep filing new and new NIPs, dossiers, and all those things. So, in terms of, say, 
the amount that we have invested so far in last 5-7 years and the amount that we will spend going 
forward, what is the kind of returns that we expect by putting in so much money? Also, we have 
now put up a dedicated subsidiary company which will be focusing on R&D. We have a big 
team in place. So, basically, a lot of infrastructure and lot of manpower is going into it. So, how 
is the management thinking in terms of the amount of money that you are putting in and the kind 
of returns that we expect to reap out of all these efforts, hard work, and, of course, the money 
that we have put behind all this? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
Well, you know R&D is the only way in which you can address the change, the rapid changes 
that are taking place in the pharmaceutical business and all around us. It is the right strategy 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
because that is what will differentiate your company from the others. Our play is not the 
conventional product play, and therefore we feel good strategy for survival, sustenance, and 
increasing profitability, gaining of the profit margins over a period of time. So, the strategy in 
that sense is right. Returns are already coming in from the ROW and Pharmerging markets. As 
I said, we did Rs. 47 million, only with NIP products in the last quarter. So, you can imagine, 
and this is just domestic and ROW. So, that is the right way to do it, and if you see ,the investment 
in R&D is not just an investment in R&D because the conceptualization of our product starts 
from R&D, but it is an investment in quality and how conscious now India is about maintaining 
its reputation in quality, and innovation. So, we will continue to invest. But we will be always 
prudent and judicious about giving whatever money we have in a way that it is sustainable for 
the company, and then it helps the future direction of the company. 
Yogansh Jeswani:                 That was it. Thank you to you and the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question please press * and 1 on your phone now.  
                                                We have our next question from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from Ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Hello Sir. So, sir, just a few questions. So, one is, out of these NIPs, how many would be that 
we are filing or already filed? If you can just talk about how many would be OTFs and how 
many would not be OTFs, any broad comment you want to make? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
We have put this number for you in our presentation, this presentation that we have, and the 
previous one. NIP is unique and differentiated capsules and tablets, and there is no OTF filed in 
this last quarter, although the partners, as we said there are 5; we have given this in the 
presentation. We have quantified how many NIPs we are going to file this year. So, that is on 
track. Those intentions are on track. 4 more NIPs are to be filed this year. And NIP is not OTF. 
OTF is separate, and the NIP portfolio is separate. NIP is tablets and capsules and dry syrup. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Right, right. So, these 20 dossiers that you already filed for NIP, so how many of them would 
be in the developed markets, or these are not developed at all? you mentioned Pharmerging. 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
As we said, ROW and Pharmerging. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, Pharmerging but will not have anything in developed? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
Yes, we have filed 2. As we have already informed, we have filed 2 another 4 are in line for 
filing this year; that is what we are expecting. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Got it. Sir, this Q1 you said, you just mentioned this Rs4.7 crores that you bought from NIP 
alone. So, with all the registrations that you are doing now and also the dossiers that you are 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
filing and also the ones that you filed in the EU, so how do you see this number for the financial 
year 24? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
It is too early to call. We just started; we have filed. Like I said, the time gap between filing and 
actually getting the MA would be 18 to 24 months in the regulated market. Sometimes more; in 
some markets, it is more. In the RoW and Pharmerging market is less between six months to a 
year and year and a half. So, numbers cannot be committed at this moment because the landscape 
changes, the competitive landscape changes, the conditions, it is like you know, we are trying to 
inform all the shareholders and stakeholders that with so many filings. First of all, there is 
substantial derisking on the bets we have made on these products because they are all over the 
global geography, RoW, emerging, and regulated. It is also different regions, different 
geographies. So, that is the strategy: make unique products; this is the business by growing to 
various geographies, different types of economically differentiated markets. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, one question just sort of in terms of your gross margin, this quarter was very good. Loss 
contribution was 48.4, was it driven by the revenue from NIP or some other lower margin 
products were not there, if you can just talk about that as well? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
So, it is the due to product change mix and definitely the NIP product, the margins are high. So, 
some of the impact has come from the NIP products, including oral thin films, and some of the 
lower product sales, product sales have not been achieved in this quarter. So, the overall impact 
is increase in the gross margin. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And sir, could you talk about how much? I mean, I do not know if you answered; my line was 
briefly disconnected. So, I do not know if this question was already asked and you answered it. 
In terms of the Nutraceutical business, we have seen around Rs. 17.5 crores decline, and you 
mentioned that some of the things are improving now, so this is like loss sale, or do you see it 
coming back like you mentioned PFI is already coming back, and some of that order has already 
received in Q2, but in Nutraceuticals this is like loss sale, or… 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
I think we could safely say that it is too early to call now at this moment; maybe after the second 
quarter we would be able to come back and because it is too early really. 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
The formulation in the PFI business of Pharma business, the order has come, but the Nutra, it is 
too early to comment on this quarter. We will be only able to comment by the end of this second 
quarter. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
Fine sir. And just last question, so in the last call, you have mentioned that basically our base 
business that we have that will continue to grow at a certain rate. Obviously, there is some change 
now in terms of certain macro things happening, but do you see that having some impact on this 
year? I mean that 15% odd growth that you mentioned that the base business will have, do you 
see some impact on that in this year or again if you want to have any comment on that? 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
So, that already we have mentioned in the earlier question, as of now, we are assessing the whole 
situation of all various markets in the Pharma and Nutra product. We will be able to come out 
with the clear guidance and the revised guidance by the end of Q2. 
Rohit Balakrishnan:             Thank you, sir. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi! Goodafternoon everyone. So, sir, my first question is on the OTF side, so when we are 
looking at the OTF landscape, our understanding is that this technology is around 10 – 12 years 
old worldwide, and there are few other players like Aquestive, Intel, ATAI, etc., and some of 
the larger players like Aquestive is like $40 million around revenue. So, technology which is 10 
-12 years old already commercialized, and the largest player is around $40 million, so is there 
any restriction in terms of size of the opportunity where OTF can be commercialized? Any 
thoughts on that? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
See, the market is about $6  or $7 billion market, and the largest product is in excess of $1 billion, 
and the revenue is in excess of $1 billion. There is only one product which contributes this much, 
it is SUBOXONE and in fact, even though the old technology is 12 years old, if you see 
historically, the whole pharmaceutical business is about 250 years to 300 years old, and this is a 
new dosage form which is 12 years old, so certainly we are an early mover and it is moving 
slowly, but I think being an early mover, will have its own reward, especially if you, I am sure 
you must have heard I answered one of the questions on what differentiates us is the 
accreditation, the kind of work we have done, the kind of technology we have built up, and the 
versatility that we have in this technology. So, once the acceptance grows, we are very well 
positioned to take advantage of the growth of this dosage form in the global markets. We have 
regulated market dossiers ready, we have got partnerships in place, the market is especially 
growing in Nutraceutical in the developed market, and we have NSF registration. An interesting 
area is the e-commerce marketplace. We do think that this dosage form provides advantages, 
because it is a new dosage form and because it is difficult to convince the existing prescribers or 
patients to suddenly start appreciating its advantages because they are used to taking something 
which is different for a long time. We do see a gradual acceptance of this dosage form in all the 
markets that we are in. Just to repeat myself, about the first supplies to Europe took place in this 
quarter. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, when we are looking at the indication, essentially it could be categorized into 3-4 areas, one 
is Opioid use disorder and CNS, like Parkinson's, Seizures, and Migraine; then Nutraceuticals 
and then are some allergic things. So these are the 3 or 4 major indications under which most of 
the OTF players are playing, so are we present across all of them, or are we only restricted to 
certain areas in terms of the product development or approvals? If you can talk a bit about that. 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
We are therapy agnostics, and we are like as you said and you are asking this questions, so the 
answer is yes, we are present in all the segments. And the idea is as you said, that at this moment 
most companies are present in CNS, and those therapeutic segments actually lend themselves 
well to this dosage form, but in general there is a trend for this new molecule then the newly 
coming off-patent molecules and drugs to be smaller and be more potent, and therefore that is 
why they have increased role for this dosage form to play in the coming future. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And sir, the second question was on NIPs, so if you can talk a bit about on the NIP side, I 
understand some of these are complex generics with some different delivery systems, right? So, 
delivery system is the place where probably we are bringing innovation part? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
What I will do is because there is one gentleman who has not spoken in the entire conversation, 
and that is Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde, who is the person behind many of these platform 
technologies in NIP. So over to you Dr. Mainde, maybe you can speak better on these things. 
Dr.Chandrashekhar Mainde:  Good afternoon. See this NIP product, we are presenting with respect to the advantages to the 
patients. As we  have already indicated in one of the first filings, there is an added advantage of 
the size of the capsule. And as a second product, we are also submitted to the European Union; 
we have a very specific Cold Forming Technology. So, this NIP products, what we are doing, 
are a generic product, but they are adding the advantage over the existing generic. Existing 
generic mean, first of all, that they are just what you say, going out of patent the originator. So, 
this will have advantages over the originator, not the normal generic players, but the advantages 
over the generic. And what we are talking about the 5-6 products, there is a very limited generic 
competition; there will be few generic players as there is a very high technology, and in this high 
technology and product, we are having some advantages that will boost the promotion of our 
products in this markets. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, is it fair to understand, sir, that let us say if once the product goes off patent and becomes a 
generic, instead of an innovator, maybe there are 8, 10, or 15 players which comes into play, and 
even within those, you will try to play in an area where the number of players is less and even 
within those number of players, we will have some advantage over the other generic player? Can 
we say we are having that? 
Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde:  That is right; what you have said is right. Let us take the first example. As I told you, we have 
already filed, and that gives us a size advantage, so even after there are generics, but when our 
product is superior to that of the generics with everything that is in the generics. So, that will be 
an added advantage for us. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And also, sir, when we look at some of the regulatory market products list that you have, 
we have some products like Mirabegron or Tofacitinib they are still under patent, so are we also 
trying to crack some of those products which are under patent which probably going to be off 
patent later? 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Dr.Chandrashekhar Mainde:  As we disclose, some of these products are in our pipeline, but at present, I think about the 
technologies of these products, how we will work on the patent, and... 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
I think some of it comes as a secondary development; you are talking about the cracking of the 
patent. If you see, there are some products which have been in the market for as many as 60 
years or 30 years without any formidable competition because of the technology barriers, so this 
is what ZIM does best and the purpose whenever it uses this technology barrier. ZIM is also 
mindful of providing a convenient and treatment-adherence advantage to the patient, and for its 
partner a technology barrier, which cannot be so easily overcome. At the same time, the third 
advantage like, as Dr. Mainde was saying in some cases we have tried to improve upon the 
product that the originator already makes. See the shortcoming in the originator’s presentations 
or the dosage form in which the originator is presenting itself and the kind of observations of the 
patients have made over a period of time, even though it is an original product and trying to 
improve upon it. So, that is what he is saying. 
Dr. Chandrashekhar Mainde:  We can make only one statement. What products you talk, we are in this line, and we are 
observing these products on our platform-based technologies, which will offer an added 
advantage over the innovators products. 
Dhawnil Desai:                      Got it, sir. It was very helpful, and thank you for such a detailed explanation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press * and 1 on your phone now. 
                                                We have our next question from the line of Prafull Rai from Aarjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Prafull Rai: 
And I have a few questions, in the quarter your top line was affected because of dollar shortage; 
could you just give some sense in terms of what is the revenue contribution from the market 
where your sales are affected because of this dollar issue? 
Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro:  So basically, our 80%  revenue comes from exports only. The reason for the deviation is that 
dollar availability in the market was less. As per the policy of the company, unless and until we 
get the advance, or else we will not ship. 
Prafull Rai: 
So, how much it impacted? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
I think about 150 million to 200 million is impacted, and most of it is a deficient in the 
Nutraceutical part of the business.  
Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro: And apart from that, there is some shipment of movement of orders from Q1 to Q2. 
Prafull Rai: 
What would be that quantum like if, in case, you can get some sense of numbers? 
Mr. Shyam Mohan Patro: So, Q2 results are yet to publish, so we limit ourselves to this statement only at the moment. 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Prafull Rai: 
Right! The second one is on the R&D side, we continue to spend on R&D. Do you have any sort 
of thought process in terms of what is the kind of payback period for the R&D expenses we do 
in sense like, because the allocation continues to be on the higher side, whether the revenue goes 
up and down? Any kind of insight you can give on the way you think on the payback for the 
R&D expenses? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal:         So, as mentioned earlier by Dr. Anwar Daud, the R&D expenditure has got 2 parts: number 1 is 
on the development of the NIP products, and second upgradation of the dossiers and systems of 
the existing manufacturing facility. So, the return on investment of NIP products, as mentioned, 
started in the first quarter when we started receiving the sales from RoW and emerging markets, 
and that will continue to grow in the next quarter and it will grow significantly in the next quarter 
for RoW and the domestic and emerging market, for which we have started replacing the orders. 
So, as soon as the sales will increase, our (ROI)  Return-On-Investment product-wise will also 
be given, and we are getting this in coming quarters and when the EU registration comes as 
mentioned earlier, it takes around 18 months to come. I think six months have already been gone 
for two products, and another four products will be filed this year. So, by end of the next year, 
the EU revenue will also start generating, where we are expecting an increase in margin and 
better return on investment on the product which has been done. 
Prafull Rai: 
The third question was about marketing authorization; could you specify what regions have you 
got these authorizations from? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
These are basically received from Europe. In the RoW and Pharmerging, there are 220 areas, so 
at this moment it is difficult to quantify, but maybe in due course of time we will also be 
providing that the specific information whenever contractual obligation permit. Sometimes there 
are contractual obligations where confidentiality is required, so those we can't give accepting by 
saying the name of the product and other things cannot be disclosed, but whenever we can, we 
will certainly keep on providing and updating this on our website. 
Prafull Rai: 
But these are largely European markets, right? 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
No, as I said earlier, these are Pharmerging and RoW markets where we are active. 
Prafull Rai: 
No, I am saying the marketing authorization which you have got; I was asking for the regions 
from which we got these authorizations from. 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
We have 5 MA received in Europe and 5 are received in Pharmerging and RoW markets, in the 
last quarter. 
Prafull Rai:                            Okay, Okay. Thank you! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Karthi: 
Sir, Good afternoon. So, a couple of questions: one, can you talk about the current contribution 
of thin films from India and any new products in the pipeline that you can highlight, sir, 
immediately within the next 3 months whatever? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
The current contribution as of now, the total sales in India is around, we can say, not that 
significant; it is below around 5%, we can say. The new product of oral thin film, as mentioned 
in our presentation and by Dr. Daud, we have got market authorization from Europe. 
Karthi: 
I am asking you specifically about India. 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
So, India as of now, there the contribution is very low. 
Karthi: 
And what is the pipeline looking like? How many products are in the pipeline? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
In India, there are a lot of products in pipeline, but due to various considerations and the 
partnering available, we are in the form of Pharmaceutical and Nutraceutical. The products are 
there, but we are not getting the traction as of now with the required margin what we have. So, 
the focus has now been shifted to Europe. 
Karthi:                                   Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Keval Doshi, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Keval Doshi: 
Hello! My question is that we lost sales during this quarter due to our customers not being able 
to give us the Letter of Credit. What I understand so far is our business model is we don't sell 
directly to customers in various geographies; we have our marketing partners who do that. So, 
would it be fair to assume that our marketing partners have failed to provide the ships, and 
therefore we have not been able to ship the goods? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Sir, the customers are basically the distributors and the B2B manufacturers, so we are supplying 
to them directly. The marketing partners are mostly in the formulation segment, and through 
them also we have certain geographies. There were issues of the LC delay. So, in both cases, but 
the PFI part, in the next quarter we have compensated, we have received the order, and received 
the advance also. 
Keval Doshi: 
So, you mean to say that it is not a complete loss and we are going to recoup the part of the 
business? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Yes, in the Pharma front, we are planning to recoup on the part of the business. 
Keval Doshi: 
What is our model for the nutraceutical business? 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
It is of the similar nature. The nutraceutical customer is yet to confirm the LC and the advance. 
Keval Doshi: 
So, does it mean for the customer also this would be a loss of business? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
That is true; if he does not buy the businesses, he will also not take ships. 
Keval Doshi: 
We can understand we don't have exclusive arrangements with any customers. So, we have to 
dispatch… 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
No, there are no exclusive arrangements with customers unless and until it is a co-development 
project where they have paid for the co-development of our new product. 
Keval Doshi: 
So, from a strategy point of view, do we talk to parallel customers to make sure that if somebody 
is not able to pick up? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
That already has been initiated, sir. The marketing agent, the marketing head, and the businesses 
head have already initiated with other customers, and we have started engaging that also. As 
mentioned earlier by Dr. Daud, we have started looking at other markets, Pharmerging and other 
markets for the sale of products, both in Pharma and Nutra. 
Keval Doshi: 
So, from a long-term point of view, we have superb R&D, we have products which we have 
innovated which are difficult to copyright, and our success is dependent on how deep the pockets 
are, how interested our marketing partners or our distributors are. So, is this something which 
you are thinking to correct from a long-term point of view? 
Mr. Zulfiquar Kamal: 
Yes, this was already in the process of correction. We were diversifying our market position. 
We are going into LATAM Pharmerging and other developed markets by improving the quality 
of our product. But this setback came a little bit earlier. As per our strategy, we are going ahead 
with the NIP product also, and we will be marketing it. As we mentioned earlier, we have opened 
our own subsidiaries and appointing our own marketing partners. But this is a temporary setback 
looking at these few quarters; our core strategy remains the same. 
Keval Doshi:                           Thank you! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over the 
conference to Dr. Anwar Daud for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Anwar Daud: 
Thank you very much, and I think it has been a good conversation. Good day to all of you. We 
will be coming back to you with many of the questions that have been raised, and as usual, I 
assure on behalf of all of us here, to all the stakeholders and investors that this company will 
continue to remain very transparent, and any material change or any material development will 
be promptly made available in public domain and certainly if there is any other question, you 
are free to write to our Investor Relations Executive and, we will be very happy to keep in touch 

 
ZIM Laboratories Limited 
August 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
and give you a very forthright and trying to reply on anything that you have raised as long as we 
are able to do it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
