 
 
Page 1 of 7 
Saksoft Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Saksoft Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now had the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor relations for  Saksoft Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
call for the first quarter of financial year ending 2024.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today’s earnings call maybe forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today’s earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. Aditya Krishna – 
Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Niraj Ganeriwal – Chief Operating Officer and Group 
Chief Finance Officer. Now, I request Mr. Aditya Krishna to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Thank you Anuj. Hello, and good evening everyone. Welcome and thank you for joining our Q1 
FY24 earnings call today. Let me firstly give a brief introduction to Saksoft for the sake of some 
of the participants who may be new to the company. Saksoft is a digital transformation partner 
that assists our  customers to automate, modernize and manage IT systems through a 

 
Page 2 of 7 
combination of domain specific technology solutions, and solution accelerators from 
consulting to support. We have been in business for almost two decades now with offices 
across 16 locations covering USA, UK, Asia Pacific and Europe. We have an associate strength 
of +2000 employees. Some key verticals that we operate in are FinTech, telecom and utilities, 
transportation & logistics, retail and healthtech. The interconnected nature of the verticals 
mentioned addresses a huge market, which also facilitates us to cross sell and upsell service 
offerings to our clients. These verticals are supported by horizontal service offerings spanning 
analytics, cloud solutions, legacy modernization, intelligent automation, application 
development and testing. As a company we offer a bouquet of digital transformation services.  
Now moving on to the quarter under review. I'm delighted to share with you that we continued 
our growth performance with 24% year-on-year growth in revenue and 54% growth in EBITDA 
despite a visible slowdown in the IT sector. We believe that the improved revenues in this 
current quarter is a reflection of the differentiation that Saksoft has created over the years. As 
we move forward in our journey to reach $500 million in revenues by 2030. We have recently 
acquired another software design and development company with niche expertise in cutting 
edge e-commerce applications headquartered at New York, with offices in London, Gurgaon 
and Noida, namely Solveda. Solveda will add another market niche for us with its capabilities 
and strength in the e-commerce vertical, especially for the B2B segment. The e-commerce 
space is witnessing significant global technology spend, as physical stores add digital to the 
distribution channels. This acquisition is to reinforce our focus on the select industry verticals, 
and is a testament to our inch wide mile deep strategy.  
As an additional step to reach the $500 million revenue, we are also investing in front end sales 
force to have more feet on the ground to acquire new logos and scale the existing ones. We 
are also investing in more capabilities to plan next phase of growth. As we grow our business, 
we realize the importance of contributing to a greener, cleaner world. And towards this 
objective we are adding sustainability is also one of our major goals. Now, I would request my 
colleague and our CFO to give you the financial highlights for the quarter under review. 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
Thank you Aditya. And thank you everyone for taking the time and joining our earnings call 
today to discuss the results of the first quarter of financial year 2024 under review. For the first 
quarter of FY23-24, revenues were reported at INR 183.47 crores, representing a group growth 
of 0.78% increase over the previous quarter and 23.95% growth over first quarter of the 
previous year. EBITDA for the current quarter was INR 34.53 crores which grew by 6.23% over 
the previous quarter, and 53.67% over the first quarter of the previous year. The EBITDA 
margins reported at 18.8% representing a growth of 96 basis points over the previous quarter. 
Net profit for the quarter was INR 25.15 crores which grew by around 0.68% increase over the 
previous quarter and 41.29% growth over the first quarter of the previous financial year. The 
PAT margins for the quarter FY23-24 was at 13.7%.  

 
Page 3 of 7 
Now coming to the revenue split by geography for the quarter- the Americas contributed to 
44% of our revenues, Europe contributed to 21% while the remaining 35% came from Asia 
Pacific and other regions. The onsite revenue mix was 45% and offshore at 55% in the current 
quarter. The revenue split across verticals for the financial year 23-24 is as follows. FinTech 
contributed to about 37%, Telecom and utilities around 19%, Transportation and Logistics 
contributed to 12%,  Public sector and Healthcare and retail at 5% and 4% respectively.  
Coming to some of our customer metrics. Saksoft had around 14 customers of +$1 million 
revenue and we added another customer this quarter $0.5 to $1 million client profile. The total 
employee count at the end of the quarter stood at 1993, of which 1813 were technical. With 
the utilization level of the employees excluding trainees standing at 85% for the quarter. 
Revenue contribution from the top 20 customers continues to remain about 70%. In terms of 
balance sheet and the cash flow position the cash on hand as of 30th June 2023 is around 192 
crores while debtors days for the quarter is 57 days. That concludes the updates on the quarter 
and now we can open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take the 
first question from the line of Vikas Srivastav from RBC. Please go ahead, sir.  
Vikas Srivastav: 
Few questions interrelated. Solveda, do you expect this to be EBITDA accretive, seecondly with 
this acquisition would you throw some light on the consolidated EBITDA margins for the year. 
And the third question was that, will you give a range of your original target or any upward risk 
of your original target of $100 million for the year both including the existing turnover of 
Solveda and the growth and the organic growth given the year, balance nine  months of the 
year? 
Aditya Krishna: 
As far as EBITDA being  accretive, Solveda has a EBITDA margin of above 20%. And Saksoft 
currently is operating at between 17% to 18% EBITDA, so it will help our combined EBITDA for 
sure, that's number one. Number two, what Solveda does is, it opens up another market niche 
for us with a competitive advantage. So as an organization we are trying very hard to compete 
in niches rather than be a pure commodity technology company. And the only way we can do 
that is to have competitive moats around the areas we operate. And we do this through 
building of accelerators, artefacts, etc. Now, what Solveda has is, it has a very strong artefact 
for organizations that are looking to add digital to their existing distribution channels. And 
that's what excited us about this company and that's why we decided to acquire them, because 
we are confident that with technology spend more and more towards digitalization of physical 
stores by organizations there will be opportunity to grow. As far as the combined entity is 
concerned, at this point, I would say that we are sticking to our guidance of achieving 100 
million in this financial year which is 23-24. 
Vikas Srivastav: 
Okay, got it. That confuses me a little bit, because our guidance was 100 million without 
Solveda or when you gave a guidance of 100 million in the previous quarter did it account for 

 
Page 4 of 7 
M&As, how does that work? And my second question really was, if in terms of or if you are in 
a position to share acquisition costs and turnover, etc of Solveda as it stands today? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Okay. So whenever we have given guidance, it has been for both organic and inorganic. So, let's 
be very clear about it. Our 100 million was organically and inorganically so Solveda will 
contribute to it now. Obviously, we hope to beat 100 million. But as of now, we're sticking 100 
million given the headwinds that are happening in the tech industry. As far as revenue of 
Solveda is concerned, they are targeting $8 million in this financial year. And the price we will 
pay  is about $18 million. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. So, the next question is from the line of Hiloni from Pi Square Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Hiloni: 
I wanted to know our PAT margins, what we were targeting for the year was around 14% to 
15% does that stay intact? 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
We are definitely looking at moving towards 14% as we move forward, this is the first quarter 
and we should see some improvements coming in as we move forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Dhrishti Shah an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhrishti Shah: 
I had a couple of questions, first one being-Could you please talk about your order book and 
visibility of revenues for this financial year? 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
In terms of order book, see generally as we have mentioned, we generally start the year in 
terms of we have given a guidance of almost 100 million for the current financial year. Our 
order book is typically 78% to 80% of the targets which we have and the guidance which we 
have given and it is continuing to be in that direction. With Solveda coming in from an 
acquisition perspective, to that extent it adds because of the order book which we are having. 
And as we speak, we are still looking as Aditya had mentioned to the previous question of Vikas, 
our focus is to reach 100 million by the end of this year. 
Dhrishti Shah: 
Understood. So you've also spoken about your $500 million target by FY30, just wanted to 
know the roadmap that would lead us to this target? 
Aditya Krishna: 
We need to grow by 25% to 30% year-on-year to get to 500 million by 2030. So it's an uphill 
task, but our team is up to it. Definitely the market opportunity is there, the business 
opportunity is there. And what we have done over the last, three, four, five years has been to 
build or to put the building blocks in place, which is why last year was our best year ever in 
terms of growth and in terms of revenue. If you have noticed, we have been growing quarter-
on-quarter although this quarter was muted, but we have been growing quarter-on-quarter for 

 
Page 5 of 7 
the last almost 20 quarters plus. So the key is to grow, that's where the focus is. And I'm 
confident with what we have, the building blocks, the strategy, the offerings, the target market, 
the focus that we have, we should get there. 
Dhrishti Shah: 
Sure. Just a couple more questions, guarding EBITDA we see a good improvement in the 
margins. So what exactly helped us with this improvement? 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
EBITDA improvement is  primarily on account of operational efficiencies and effectiveness. As 
you have seen that the quarter was quite slow and muted, when there are such time we are 
able to focus internally better in terms of operations. And we ensure that the overheads and 
others are controlled well and monitored well. So it's predominantly a factor of operational 
efficiencies and effectiveness. 
Dhrishti Shah: 
Understood. And if we see the revenue contribution from our top five clients that has slightly 
come down this quarter, what exactly led to this? 
Aditya Krishna: 
This is the reason why, I responded to Vikas’s question earlier about, headwinds and the fact 
that organic and inorganic is important to get us to our items of 100 million. There is a 
slowdown in the US, there is a slowdown in Europe. So a lot of our customers are deferring 
projects - they are reducing technology spend temporarily. I'm pretty sure this is temporary as 
is the case with most other technology companies. And that's the main reason why there has 
been a drop, and it's not a significant drop it's only 1%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vikas Srivastav from RBC. Please go 
ahead sir.  
Vikas Srivastav: 
Aditya, if we take out 8 million we are left at 92 million, this muted growth this year, this 
quarter, are we saying it was an aberration, because if I remove the 8 million which you're 
adding or 6 million because you have three quarters left, post your Solveda purchase, we are 
then looking at, you're already there on that run rate if I look at the current quarter. Are we 
looking at muted organic growth other than acquisitions right through the year, then, if you 
can throw some light on this. If I'm looking at my base figure of 92 from organic, I'm just 
distinguishing between organic and inorganic. And I remove Solveda from the, assuming 
there's no growth and we assume it's $6 million for the next three quarters we are at 94. It 
pretty much gives muted quarter-on-quarter growth on our original organic business. That was 
one question if you answer that, I have another question after that. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Like I mentioned Vikas there are lots of headwinds right now and while the focus is to grow 
organically at a faster pace, I can't forge the numbers, with what, six, eight months left in the 
year, that will give us about, $5, $6 million of Solveda. We will grow organically, for sure we 
will grow, now will we grow at the same rate as we grew last year? Probably not, for two 
reasons one the base is bigger. And secondly, US economy or the US technology spend is not 

 
Page 6 of 7 
at the same level as it was last year. So there is a little bit of conservatism built in. I don't want 
to be overly conservative, but at the same time, I don't want to be optimistic, by getting to 100 
million  next year, which is a year ahead of our original target. I would be happy with that, as 
well as we can set the base for next year and the following year. 
Vikas Srivastav: 
Okay. And just a little more information on the Solveda. Is it a regular kind of, earnout kind of 
deal or is it 100% stock purchase. 
Aditya Krishna: 
There's no stock purchase, we have never done a stock purchase, we always do cash, we always 
do a mix of internal accruals and if necessary, a little bit of debt. Here, it's been all internal 
accruals and there is an earnout.  In all our deals we buy 100% on day one, we normally pay 
anywhere between 50% to 60% upfront and the balance is over a two or three year earn-outt, 
and this is exactly the same. 
Vikas Srivastav: 
Alright. And what's the stock option, to what level are you giving stock option within the 
organization now? 
Aditya Krishna: 
We have 6% of our equity allocated for employee stock options. 
Vikas Srivastav: 
And what is the level till which, top down till what level are you offering stock options to 
employees? 
Aditya Krishna: 
Its leadership that means my one down and one level below that. So the total number of my 
colleagues who would be eligible would be in the range of 20.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next follow up question from the line of Hiloni from Pi Square 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Hiloni: 
I wanted to know what was our attrition rate. 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
Our attrition rate for this quarter was much lower as compared to the past it was around 17%. 
Hiloni: 
And last year, what was the number, Q-o-Q or Y-o-Y what would that number be? 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
That was close to 24% to 25%. 
Hiloni: 
Last year, it was close to 24%, 25%? 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
Yes.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rajan, an Consultant. 
Please go ahead sir. 

 
Page 7 of 7 
Rajan: 
What percentage of profits is spent on learning and development of employees? 
Niraj Ganeriwal: 
In terms of learning and development, there's a continuous process of learning and 
development which we have. There is no specific measurement in terms of what is actually 
spent because learning is a integrated part of our employees, we have our LMS tool. And most 
of our employees in the technology sector and the delivery team are required to complete 
certain courses. And, that's something which is done regularly. In terms of numbers, 
unfortunately we don't have one to give you today. 
Aditya Krishna: 
Because it's also a combination as we take trainees, we train the trainees to join experienced 
teams now that also learning, that's also training. So, it's a difficult metric to really answer. But 
it's a good question. We should keep it as a metric to evaluate and monitor going forward. 
Thank you for that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Aditya Krishna: 
We thank each one of you for taking your time to participate in this call, and your continued 
interest in Saksoft. We believe that with every passing day, we are closer to our goal. I hope 
we have been able to answer your queries, in case of any other queries please reach out to us 
or Valorem Advisers, our Investor Relations Advisor. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Saksoft Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
