 
 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
Regd. Off. : Raheja Tower, Plot No.C-30, Block ‘G’, Next to Bank of Baroda, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone : +91-22-2656 4000 Fax : +91-22-2656 5451 Website : www.chalethotels.com 
CIN : L55101MH1986PLC038538 
August 4, 2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: CHALET 
Scrip Code:  542399 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject:  Transcript of the Earnings Call in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), please find attached herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call 
held by the Company on July 31, 2023, in respect of the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript will also be disclosed on the website of the Company i.e. www.chalethotels.com. 
 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
Christabelle Baptista 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
CHRISTABELLE 
BERNADETTE BAPTISTA
Digitally signed by CHRISTABELLE 
BERNADETTE BAPTISTA 
Date: 2023.08.04 20:36:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Chalet Hotels Limited  
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY SETHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to First Quarter Ended FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Chalet Hotels Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Sethi, MD and CEO, Chalet Hotels 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Sethi. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for Chalet 
Hotel’s earnings call for the latest quarter. I trust you've had an opportunity to read through the 
results and the presentation, which were uploaded on our website a couple of days back. 
While the global hospitality industry has been resilient with strong RevPAR numbers on the 
domestic front as well, the ADR-led resilience has continued robust momentum. Domestic air 
travel continued to exhibit strength through April and May, but did see some seasonal slowdown 
in June, while international air traffic is now touching pre-COVID levels. The IMF has recently 
raised India's GDP growth forecast to 6.1% from 5.9% for the financial year, driven by strong 
inbound investments in Q4 of FY '23. 
The consumption story for the country remains strong on favourable demographics, improved 
air, road and rail connectivity and the government's push on infrastructure projects. At the same 
time, the hospitality industry continues to be in a favourable demand-supply cycle, which bodes 
well for the industry and our company. Chalet continues to break previous records of its own 
performance and I'm happy to report the best-ever quarter 1 in room rates as well as on top line 
revenue. The average room rates for the portfolio at INR10,317, recorded an industry-leading 
growth of 38% year-on-year. 
Our consolidated revenue for the quarter was INR3.1 billion, representing a 21% increase, which 
compared -- when compared to the same period of last year. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA for 
the quarter stands at INR1.3 billion, reflecting a 24% growth year-on-year. There is a one-time 
impact of INR57 million on account of preopening expenses at the new Hyderabad hotel and a 
payout of GST charges of INR107 million. 
In the Hospitality segment, the revenue grew 23% year-on-year to INR2.8 billion. Room revenue 
grew 30% over Q1 of FY '23, while costs remained well under control. The portfolio F&B 
revenue at INR0.9 billion was 8% higher than the same quarter of the previous year. EBITDA 
for the Hospitality division was at INR1.1 billion with an EBITDA margin of 40%. If you 
exclude the one-off expenses that I mentioned earlier, that is on the Hyderabad hotel, the 
EBITDA margin for the hospitality business was actually 42.5%. 
During our first full quarter of operating the Dukes Retreat under the Chalet umbrella, the focus 
has been to integrate and align the hotel team with the culture of Chalet and introduce changes 
aimed at enhancing guest experience. We are in advanced stages of designing for expansion and 
repositioning of the resort and we expect to commence work on-site in early October of this 
year. We now expect to add approximately 70 new rooms, to the property, up from the earlier 
plan of 50 additional rooms. This will take the key count of the resort to around 150. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, on the 4th of June, we proudly launched the Westin Hyderabad HITEC 
City an all women-run 168-room hotel. Other highlights of this property are the entire property 
has been exclusively booked by 1 client for a period of 3 years and the entire hotel is run on 
green power. Leasing at the 2 office assets in Bangalore and Mumbai has been progressing a 
little slower than expected. However, the pipeline of lease is strong and we are probably going 
to see a lag of around a quarter from our earlier leasing plans. 
A quick update on the project pipeline. On the commercial projects, for example, at the Cignus 
Whitefield Bangalore Tower 1, the first client is expected to occupy the top 3 floors of this tower 
in the next few weeks. The second building, the Cignus Whitefield Bangalore Tower 2, which 
is repurposed from a mall is in final stages of completion and will be ready for handover to our 
tenants from September of this year. The Cignus Powai Tower 1 at Westin Complex in Powai 
is in final stages of completion and at the second commercial tower at Powai, all the approvals 
have come in and site preparation work has already commenced. 
On our hotel projects, the additional 88 rooms at Novotel Pune Nagar Road are ready and we 
are waiting the OC of the floors to open up the inventory. The work on the upcoming Taj Hotel 
project at the Delhi Airport is on schedule and project work on-site will commence sometime in 
the current quarter. The design for the additional 130 rooms at Marriott Bengaluru are ready. 
We have earlier mentioned 140 rooms, but the recommendation has come that we create some 
long-stay products in that. So, we've converted some of these rooms into service apartments, 
consuming more than 1 bay. So, expected key count growth there is now 130 rooms. And we 
shall be starting work on the site in the next few months. 
For the Raheja Vivarea, our residential project at Koramangala, Bengaluru, the RERA 
registration is now completed. We expect to commence sales for the project in the festive season 
towards the end of the calendar year 2023. As part of our growth strategy, we continue to explore 
opportunities for high-quality ready and greenfield assets in key cities and leisure locations. 
In conclusion, I can say with significant confidence that the combination of strong tailwinds for 
the industry and our own strategic growth initiatives hold a strong promise for the future of 
Chalet Hotels. 
On that note, I now hand over to Milind to give you a deeper flavour of the key numbers of the 
quarter. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you, Sanjay. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Let me start on a positive note. ICRA 
has upgraded the credit rating of the company to A- with positive outlook from BBB+ with a 
stable outlook. We have come a long way from turbulent to robust business environment with 
strong macroeconomic tailwinds for the country and the sector. We continue to deliver strong 
performance. Keeping out the seasonality of the business, we delivered the best-ever quarter 1. 
I would like to highlight the resilience seen in our ADRs, which was at INR10,317 for the quarter 
under review and was higher than the ADR seen in the seasonally better quarter Q3 FY '23 at 
INR10,168. In the Hospitality segment, revenue grew by 23% year-on-year basis to INR2.8 
billion for the quarter ended June '23, led by strong ADR growth. We saw healthy growth across 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
our portfolio. Reported hospitality EBITDA for the quarter was at INR1,141 million, which 
included one-time preopening expenses related to Westin Hyderabad HITEC City of INR57 
million. Excluding the impact of this one-time expense, the EBITDA was at INR1,198 million, 
which translates to an adjusted EBITDA growth of 26% on a year-on-year basis and margins of 
42.5%. Both the Westin hotels at Hyderabad operate as a cluster and are expected to report 
higher margins with the commencement of operations of the new property. 
I would also like to highlight that this was first full quarter of operations for the Dukes Retreat 
and about a month's performance for the new Westin at Hyderabad. Employee expenses were at 
13% of total revenue, which included annual salary hikes and employee expenses for Dukes and 
the new Westin. Consolidated revenue for the quarter was INR3.1 billion, a growth of 21%, 
year-on-year basis. 
As shared by us last week through a stock exchange intimation, GST department had 
commenced search proceedings at our offices and some of the hotel units. Subsequent to that, 
they have identified certain input credits pertaining to July '17 to financial year '23, which the 
authorities believe to be ineligible for such claims. Accordingly, the company has made a GST 
payment of INR107 million on 27 July, 2023. And the same has been taken into account in the 
results under discussion. Excluding the impact of this and the one-time preopening cost, 
consolidated EBITDA was at INR1.3 billion or 41% of total revenue. 
The company has received NCLT approval for the amalgamation of 2 of its wholly-owned 
subsidiaries that is Belaire Hotels Private Limited and Seapearl Hotels Private Limited, owning 
company for Novotel Pune. Subsequently, the financials for FY '23 were restated and we have 
recognized a deferred tax asset of INR584 million in taxable losses for the 2 entities in the quarter 
under discussion. During the last quarter, the company spent around INR800 million in capex 
on the operating projects. Post this, the net debt of the company increased by INR300 million 
from March '23. The rest of the capex was funded by internal accruals. 
Out of the total debt of INR25 billion, around half is allocable to new investments in office 
building under construction, new hotel projects and hotel expansion, leaving the company at a 
healthy leverage and return ratios on invested capital. The cost of finance as at June '23 declined 
19 bps quarter-on-quarter to 8.56%. The company has a capex plan of INR5.6 billion for the 
remaining part of FY '24. This includes capex of INR2.6 billion on the commercial projects, 
including the second commercial tower at Powai. The balance of INR3 billion includes the capex 
of renovation and room addition at Dukes Retreat, new hotel in Delhi, expansion at Marriott 
Hotel in Bengaluru and other repair and renovation costs of our existing hotels. 
Business is well-funded with internal accruals. Available lines of credit and undrawn lines of 
credit are at INR5.5 billion. On the residential project at Bengaluru, the construction work is in 
full swing. The total subscription received from promoters stands at INR2,000 million and the 
promoters have given INR700 million as interest-free loan as of June '23. As Sanjay mentioned, 
the project is on track for cash generation in the current financial year. 
With this, let me open the floor for questions and answer. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja 
from Antique Stock Broking. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Yes. Yes, sure. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on another good quarter. I have 3 
questions. First one is, what is the reason of 70% occupancy, which is lower since you have 
reported data in any of the Q1s, obviously, excluding the COVID period? That's my first 
question. Should I ask other 2 questions also right now or do you want to answer the first one 
and then go ahead. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
If you can limit yourself to 2 questions, we'll come back to you after the second one. Ask the 
second one also, please. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Okay. Sir, second one is, can you please also talk about the recent weather-related impact we 
have witnessed in the month of July? And is it similar to what we experienced during July of 
last year? So yes, I mean, these 2 questions. And one I had a little bit of longer-term that maybe 
if I can come back. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Sure. Thank you, Vikas. Good to have you back on the call again. So, the 70% occupancy that 
you're referring to for Q1 is actually not a bad occupancy. It's a pretty decent occupancy. It's just 
that last year, we had the IPL happening in our Mumbai hotels, if you recall, for almost 2 months. 
We had IPL teams in the 3 big hotels that we have in Mumbai, the JW Sahar, the Westin Powai 
and even in the Four Points Sheraton in Vashi. So these 3 hotels, IPL business had taken the 
occupancies up. But as you can see, in spite of IPL not happening in a concentrated basis in 
Mumbai this year and being spread across the country, the portfolio shows very healthy 
occupancies at 70%. 
And I differ from you that 70% occupancies are lower than what they were there pre-pandemic. 
I think pre-pandemic, we were at this or lower. So all in all, it was a good quarter. And this was 
on the back of a very aggressive rate growth. You do tend to let go of some low paying business 
when you're increasing your rate so rapidly. So, you've got to keep that in mind. On a RevPAR 
basis, which impacts the overall revenue and profitability of the company, I think we've done 
brilliantly well. 
On your question regarding the weather in July, rains have been very intense in whole of July. 
In fact, later part of June and whole of July, it has affected some amount of the F&B and banquet 
business. And if you have -- July, I think we had 4 Red Alerts in Mumbai alone. And when a 
Red Alert gets announced, people outside the city do not have a sense of how bad or good it is. 
They tend to defer plans. And we've seen that happen during July a little bit. But all in all, it's -
- I think Mumbai has held out extremely well in spite of the rains and the city has been largely -
- has not been flooded. So that's a good -- very positive sign to give a lot more confidence to 
people. 
So that's the 2 questions, Vikas. Have I answered them? 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Yes, yes. I mean the only thing is when I talk about the occupancy, so even if pre-COVID, when 
I look at Q1 '20, Q1 '19, we used to do somewhere around 75%. But you are saying that we 
shouldn't read much into this quarter occupancy. And it's largely because of the rates and also... 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Sanjay Sethi: 
You've got a RevPAR growth of some 26%, 28%, revenue growth of 30%. We will apply what's 
available to us as best practices in revenue management and go either the occupancy or the rate 
route, depending on what's best for the business. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. 
Karan Khanna: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on another strong quarter. So firstly, talking 
about the newly opened Westin Hyderabad at HITEC City. Sanjay, could you talk about the 
terms in terms of the ARR's annual escalation and the lock-in period at which you've sold out 
the rooms? And as a follow-up, given that strong demand, would you look to add more rooms 
here to meet more such capital demand from corporates at Mindspace Park? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you Karan, so yes, to answer your Hyderabad question upfront, we're very excited about 
the hotel. Given that -- we were opening 168 extra keys in that market. There was some concern 
because of the shape of the IT industry, etcetera. But this turned out to be a boom -- brilliant 
boom that we were able to lock-in the business with one single client. The agreement is for 3 
years with a 1-year lock-in or 14-month lock-in, which gives us an opportunity not to have a 
ramp-up period. So, we're getting 100% occupancy at market rates to begin with on day 1 itself. 
We opened it to guests on 4th or 5th of June and we didn't have all the inventory available 
because we were still completing some of the rooms and some of the public areas during that 
period. But over the period of the next 10, 15 days, we were able to hand over all the 168 rooms 
and they've occupied all rooms as and when they came by. 
In terms of rates, I wanted to give you detailed rates, but I think our presentation has already 
given you an essence that they are occupied at 100% occupancy, complete use of the public 
areas in the F&B space. And we've built in fairly strong increases year-on-year to this year's 
rate, which is in line with the market rate. So, market rates increase annually, which is in double-
digit plus growth year-on-year for the next 3 years. That's all I can share with you. Rest of it is 
confidential data of the client. On a RevPAR basis, this hotel is actually outperforming the 
Hyderabad Mindspace, which is the hotel 1. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. That’s helpful Sanjay. Following up, if you talk about your room income versus the F&B 
split. So this was 37:63 in first quarter of FY '23, which has gone down to 33% F&B and 67% 
room. Because when you look at your other larger listed peer, for them, the rooms, the F&B to 
room income split has been 45% to 55%. So if you could help us explain the divergence in terms 
of the trends that are shifting more towards the room rate? Is it because of the way room rates 
have gone up for your business? Or is there any other trend that you're picking up in terms of 
F&B. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, look at it from a perspective, overall perspective, Karan here. Occupancy has gone down, 
right? What's driven our business is room rates. So, there's a disproportionate increase in room 
revenue in spite of lesser guests in the hotel. And despite that, we've had 8% growth in F&B 
revenue. So, look at from that perspective, you will find that it is a pretty decent performance. 
It's just that we are really doing well on the room rate side that's causing this imbalance that as 
you see it. From our perspective, there are 2, 3 things, one, it is growing. Number 2, we did have 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
1 or 2 of our F&B outlets out for renovation. For example, the one restaurant in Powai and -- is 
under renovation, a small -- the smaller ballroom in Powai was under renovation, it's being -- all 
being handed over now. In fact, has been added back. And the second specialty restaurant in 
Powai will get handed over another 3 months' time. 
So, all that's been out of action. But overall, whilst we could have done slightly better in F&B, 
if you really look at the big picture, it is not a dismal performance by any standard, but some 
decent performance. 
Karan Khanna: 
Certainly, your staff to room ratio has gone up to 0.96 for the quarter. And I remember in the 
past, you spoke about 0.9 number as where you expect this stock to room ratio to settle at. So, 
we have seen the increase in employee costs across the board amid higher attrition and talent 
crunch in the industry. So, what kind of staff cost increase do you expect going forward? And 
where do you see this number settling. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, there are 2, 3 things that have happened and 2, 3 things that will happen going forward, 
Karan on this. One, we added Dukes Retreat, which has an employee ratio, which is much higher 
than the rest of the portfolio. So that dragged up the rate -- the employee numbers a little bit on 
a per room basis. But I did mention earlier also that I expect it to be within one, but it will hover 
around that area as we build in services and open new F&B outlets in our hotels because as and 
when you open new outlets in hotels, they will require employees, right? And the number of 
rooms will not change. So that's going to be difficult to hold to. But we are still committed to 
staying at 1 below, in fact, below 1 is our goal. 
The things going forward, 2 things are going to happen. We haven't got the full impact of Westin 
-- second Westin hotel, which is The Westin HITEC. And when you get it this quarter with 168 
rooms operating at I think point 0.6 or 0.65 employees per room, that will bring down the average 
a little bit. We've got 88 rooms in Pune, which are about to open, which will have an incremental 
impact, which will be very minimal in terms of number of employees. And then we're applying 
the 130 incremental rooms in Bangalore, which will also have a very minimal incremental 
impact in number of employees. So, hovering around this 0.9 and 1 range is the range that we 
want to be at. 
And we have, obviously, over the last few quarters, focused very strongly on the guest 
experience part of it to stay competitive in the market and we continue to serve our guests at the 
optimal. But am I concerned about these numbers at 0.96? Not at all. It is by far an industry-
leading number for our category of hotels, which is in the upper upscale and luxury space. 
Karan Khanna: 
And lastly, you've onboarded Mr. Shwetank Singh who has been appointed as the Chief Growth 
and Strategy Officer. So, is this in line with your strategy to focus more on the Leisure segment 
given his past -- he was involved at Golden Sands LLC in Dubai. So, is this step in that direction 
to increase your presence in the Leisure segment? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So Karan, Shwetank comes in with a rich experience on growth and development.  
Yes. So Shwetank comes as I said, with rich experience under his belt on business development, 
growth, asset management, all of that is his forte and he comes with that. And he will come and 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
strengthen our top and senior management team that we have at Chalet Hotels to prepare us for 
the next jump and growth that we are planning to have in our company. I hope that answers that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. 
Archana Gude: 
I have 2, 3 questions. Sir firstly, can you please help us understand the management thought 
process on partnering with Indian Hotels for new -- our New Delhi Hotel? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, thank you for asking the question, Archana. We had covered this the last time around, but 
for your benefit, I'll just repeat this. We've always been brand agnostic in terms of our strategy 
of deploying brands at the locations. We have looked at what is the most suitable company or 
brand to operate that hotel or put on that hotel, we have decided that we will go with the franchise 
route in the Delhi one, which means we will run the hotel on our own. We needed a brand to 
partner us in terms of the brand on the building, the distribution and sales capabilities and the 
loyalty programs. 
And given that the hotels that were there in Aerocity area or near the airport over there, we 
thought the best fit will be someone who isn't present in that area so that all the focus on sales 
and marketing, distribution and loyalty program will be centered around this one hotel that 
they're building up. And so therefore, we decided to go with the Taj brand on this one. The IHCL 
team was very welcoming. And I think we've had great relationships in the past and we look 
forward to strong relationships in the future. I might also add that Taj has shown that the brand 
has done well at other airport locations in Mumbai and Bengaluru. 
Archana Gude: 
Sir, my second question is on the mix of domestic and foreign guests. So from current level of 
33% of foreign -- in the overall contribution, how we should look at this segment from, let's say, 
2, 3 years down the line? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
I think it's difficult to predict this, Archana, but I think we should be a around an equal share in 
a year or 2 from now. In fact, I think this should start leveling out from October-November of 
this year. 
Archana Gude: 
And lastly, sir, if I can just squeeze in one more. So, on the Cignus Powai and Bengaluru, can 
you help us with the demand and some colour on rental rates for the commercial properties in 
and around our properties and also the typical lease period? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, typical lease period ranges from 5 to 9 years, around that much. Bengaluru, the market rates 
over there are hovering around INR60 rental. Powai, the market rates are between INR110 and 
INR125 and some good buildings is even going up slightly higher. The demand -- on the demand 
side, Bengaluru, in the latest report that was, I think, released by one of consultants seems to be 
right on top. So that sort of reiterated our belief that, that market will do well followed by 
Mumbai at number 2 in terms of demand, its option, as a percentage of supply. 
So on both cities, we are confident that whilst it will take a little time, we took the right decision. 
In any case, this was built on land that we already had. So, we're sweating the real estate assets 
that were in the Chalet portfolio. And as and when they get occupied, we are seeing very, very 
strong returns coming from these assets. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
The first question is that the Dukes that we have expanded the number of rooms. What is the 
revised capex number? And since you're starting, you said a construction or expansion works in 
October, but when do we see the new rooms becoming operational? That is the first question. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, Adhidev, at Dukes, we had 80 rooms to begin with, that's what we acquired the asset with 
potential development of adding more. Initially, we thought we'll add about 50-odd rooms, 48 
to 50 rooms. With the revised FSI and all that we have in hand and the ground coverage that's 
available and the views that we have, we've been able to fit in 70 extra rooms without diluting 
the product at all. In fact, the product gets enhanced significantly with this renovation and 
expansion, which will take the key count to 150. As far as capex is concerned, it's going to be in 
the range of about INR100 crores, give or take a few. In terms of opening, we are expected to 
open maybe around 80 out of the 75 -- 150 rooms in April next year and the balance by 
September-October next year. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
So to understand, in October all the rooms will be going under renovation or it is you will keep 
around 50 rooms operational? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
We'll have about 60 rooms operational still. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Okay. And the INR65 crores capex number earlier is now INR100 crores, right, for the entire... 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Something yes, it's now INR100 crores, which is on account of increase in inventory and also 
we have repositioned the resort. See, earlier we thought this was INR8,000 hotel, which we'll 
reposition to maybe about INR9,000, INR10,000. But looking at a far higher reposition, now I 
don't want to give you the numbers right now. We are looking at positioning it higher than the 
originally planned. So, the combination of increased inventory and repositioning the resort at a 
higher level has led to some increase in the capex cost, but the returns continue to be very 
healthy, in fact better than we expected earlier. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
And second question is on the leasing pipeline for the first -- the two Bangalore assets and Powai. 
Obviously, you said it has been deferred by a quarter, the leasing decisions, but can you just give 
us some colour by what is the targeted leasing maybe by the end of this year for both these 
assets? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, I think we should finish leasing of Bangalore in about 2 or 3 quarters from now. Q4 is -- I 
think end of Q4 could be a comfortable closure for Bangalore and Powai maybe another couple 
of quarters after that, 1 or 2 quarters after that. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
But you are actively in discussions, right, to lease these properties out? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, I have a question on the opening timeline of Novotel. I believe the rooms were ready in 4Q 
and we were awaiting OC back then. And in this quarter too, there has been a status quo to say. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
So, any specific reason for a delay in getting the OC? That is one. And second follow-up is with 
respect to the second tower in Bangalore of about 0.3 million square feet. I think during the last 
communication, we were expecting the handover to begin in 2Q, and now we are saying that it 
will happen in 3Q. So, again, over here too there has been a delay. So, if you can highlight these 
things... 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, Jinesh, as far as the OC in Pune is concerned, yes, there was a specific reason that this got 
delayed. If you recall, we acquired this asset from a U.K.-based fund who owns 74%, 26% was 
owned by Accor Hotels. We acquired this in February of 2020. While we were applying for the 
OC process, they were -- the department found some comment on the file that the owners were 
-- they had to pay them some INR3 crores for the expanded parcel of land, which included our 
hotel and a large plot owned by someone else. Now, whilst we were okay with paying the amount 
and the taking up the OC, we didn't want to pay for the others, which was an unfair thing to do. 
We've now sorted it all out, and we're expecting the OC the next few days. 
As far as the second tower in Bangalore is concerned, we said Q2 is when we'll probably 
handover. We are still looking at September, which is still end of Q2. But as I said, leasing has 
taken slightly longer. And I'm hoping by the time we come back in the next quarter with you 
and we'll have far more specific details of leasing and how that's progressing. And I'm sure we'll 
have positive news on that. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
My second question is with respect to the Koramangala project. I understand that the 4 towers 
are ready and we expect to receive OC in... 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Jinesh, I'm sorry, I can't hear you. 
Moderator: 
Sorry, we're not able to hear you. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Is this better now? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Yes. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, my question is pertaining to the Koramangala project. I understand the 4 towers are ready 
and we expect the OC to be received in the next 2 weeks or so. But how has been the progress 
on the remaining 7 towers and the commercial block and also with OC being around the corner, 
what kind of cash flow push can we expect in the upcoming quarter? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, I'm going to come up -- to answer the first part of the question, I'll request Milind to also 
comment on the cash flow part. So progressing well, on schedule. As we had envisaged before, 
we should be able to complete this project in the -- over a period of the next 2 years, that includes 
the new tower and the new residential tower and the office tower. However, 7 towers were in 
fair amount of completion from the beginning. And 4 of them are now ready for OC. So 
therefore, a significant amount of work is already done. 
We -- so to summarize it, on target as planned earlier, OC got a little delayed, but we are in time 
for the festive season commencement of sales. So, looking good. And in the interim, the market 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
has strengthened a lot more. So as far as on a rate per square foot goes, we do see a lot of positive 
upward move. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Jinesh, Milind here. To give you a further update. OC for 4 wings we are expecting in the next 
few weeks and for 3 more wings in the next 2 or 3 months. The construction work is in full 
swing. And once we get OC, we can start sales. And we expect around INR80 crores to INR100 
crores cash, surplus cash to be generated from this project in FY '24. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Just one last bookkeeping question, if I can just squeeze in. Sir, if I look at our debt on a 
sequential basis, it has hardly moved and even the interest cost is down from about 8.75% to 
about 8.56%. Yet our interest cost on a sequential basis has gone up from about INR40 crores 
to INR45 crores. So, if you can just highlight the reason behind this? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Still not sure, not audible. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
No, no, what he said was, whilst your debt hasn't moved and interest cost has come down, why 
has interest value gone up? That's because of capitalizing. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Jinesh, last quarter, we have capitalized our Tower 1 at Bangalore. So finance cost, which we 
are capitalizing now hitting our P&L. So that is accounting standard requirement. From that 
perspective, cost has -- I mean, finance cost debit has gone up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My question if again on the room rentals. This quarter, we have seen strong growth in average 
room rental for our property. Second half, there is a lot of optimism building of around World 
Cup, G20 Summit and there are other reasons. And also foreign tourists are also expected to 
come back. So considering that, what kind of room rental hike you are expecting for our 
properties in second half of the year? And the occupancy level, I can understand this quarter -- 
last quarter, there was a big effect. But overall, occupancy should remain stable in the second 
half of the year for us? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Kaustubh, look, number one, we don't give forward-looking statements. I need to stay say that 
upfront. However, for the last year as a whole I have stated in the past, including in public forum 
that we expect comfortable double-digit growth on rate for the next 2 years. So please consider 
that as the industry indicator for you. Second half is typically better than first half. And this, 
again, is something that we've shared several times. 
So, you can keep that as a reference point. Rates and occupancies both improved in the second 
half. So that should help the RevPAR to grow fairly comfortably. And F&B comes back with a 
bang during the period and our Mumbai hotels and even some of them in Hyderabad and 
Bangalore have fairly large banqueting facilities which get assisted during the wedding season, 
which typically happens in the second half. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And sir humble request, it would be great if you could share the region-wise occupancies and 
ARR for your hotels, which you used to do earlier? 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Kaustubh, I know that this has been taken off from the presentation this time and it has come 
through advice from a well-wisher who said, look, by giving data on cities where you have only 
1 hotel at a time, you are actually giving away confidential data on average room rates for that 
particular hotel and the occupancy, which can be used by competitors for pricing strategies and 
decisions. So therefore, from this quarter onwards, we'll stop doing it. And since we stopped 
doing it on the presentation, I can't share with you also. So apologies for that. It's a little bit of a, 
I know a limitation from your analysis perspective, but I think we're doing the right thing. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
So, my third question was if we look at 2 of the largest Indian players, including one which is 
about to get listed separately, both have pretty aggressive expansion plans and we can always 
debate on management fee contributing to total revenues being low. However, in absence of any 
strong brand, how do we think that double-digit growth? Is it doable for us once we -- once rates 
stabilize in the next 2 to 3 years? And don't we think debt in the books will hamper our ability 
to acquire good assets? And also at any point in time in future, are we -- do you think it makes 
sense to launch your own brand as well? That's about it. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you, Vikas, for asking that. I've said this before that we've continuously looked at having 
an own brand. We've studied the pros and cons. Especially during the pandemic period, we did 
look at Blue Sky Strategies and we considered that. Given our strength on asset development 
and asset management, at that point of time, we've taken a decision not to go with the brand. But 
that doesn't mean the decision is closed. We will closely monitor the landscape of the hospitality 
industry for the country and do what we think is in the best interests. 
As for your comment about double-digit growth, I don't see that as a problem at all. Next couple 
of years, even on a same-store basis, double-digit growth driven by average room rates and 
occupancy is fairly comfortable. Add to that, the supply pipeline that we have. You got to 
remember, if you open a 200, 300 room hotel, we're talking about INR60 crores, INR70 crores 
of EBITDA contribution straightaway. So, there are step-ups and jumps that happen with every 
hotel that we open. 
So, I don't think you should be concerned about capability of growth for Chalet. As far as the 
debt is concerned, debt does taper down very sharply in a year, 2 years from now. And our 
internal accruals will continue to build up very sharply. All of that will give us an opportunity 
to -- for growth, opportunities that may be available in the market. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Sanjay, so the question regarding the double-digit growth was not related to next 2, 3 years 
because I understand you have a lot of expansions which are going to come and rates are going 
to be pretty elevated. So my question was once maybe in next 2, 3 years, once you have 
exhausted all of your pipeline and also the rates also stabilize, because next 2, 3 years, it's  going 
to stabilize, right? So after that, I was -- this is from more of a medium term. Post that, do you 
think we can still do -- because our strategy is more about growth over anything else. So, do you 
think we can still do double-digit growth, maybe FY '27-'28 onwards, is what my question was? 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Yes, Vikas, 2 things. Number one, I didn't say that the asset-light thing is off the table. I said, 
we looked at it about couple of years back and that time point in time, we didn't think it's right 
to pursue that. We will continue reviewing it as and when required. Second thing is, we are not 
talking about the current pipeline only, right? As I said, our debt does come down significantly 
in a year, 2 years from now. I'll let Milind jump in for this, so that he can clarify and give you -
- share some numbers with you. But when the debt comes down and internal accruals go as 
sharply as we are experiencing now on account of very strong EBITDA performance, it will give 
us headroom for new projects after the announced ones. In fact, I don't expect Chalet to sit 
quietly and not do any growth, expect us to come up with new projects in the future. Milind? 
Milind Wadekar: 
Vikas, see, I mean, if we put our debt in 2 different buckets, I mean, under construction 
properties and operating hotels, more than 50% of our debt, will be converted into lease rental 
discounting. And it goes into sort of self-financing mode. We expect to generate more than 
INR600 crores from residential project in next 30 months, right? And the EBITDA generated 
from hospitality is available for growth. I mean, once our announced projects are over, which 
are funded through internal accruals, we have sufficient internal accruals, which can fund our 
expansion. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Also, Vikas, please pay attention to the opening statement that I made, that we continue to look 
for opportunities in cities, both -- and leisure locations, both greenfield and ready operating 
assets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, can you talk about the foreign guest, still 30% lower than pre-pandemic. And considering 
all other hotels' performance, our occupancy is even Q-o-Q and even compared to pre-pandemic 
is still significantly lower. Okay. So, what is the outlook for this -- your segment, foreign guest 
segment? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Sumant, thank you for your question. As I said earlier, we take decisions based on what 
ultimately affects our P&L. And we decided that we want to reposition our portfolio at the higher 
end of the rate spectrum. And with that in mind, we've had 38% rate growth for the portfolio. 
And when you have that aggressive rate growth, you sometimes let go of low-paying business 
and I think that's what's happened. The other thing that's happened is that the foreign business 
has still not come back to full peak and it is really likely to come back only October-November, 
so that will fill up the occupancies. 
Number three, as I mentioned, last year, we had a concentration from Mumbai for IPL. And 
therefore, when you look at last year's quarter 1 to this year, you might see a gap, which is in 
occupancies. And the occupancies are building up. Remember, Q1, Q2 are low occupancy 
quarters. So therefore, this is the annual occupancy cycle that is panning out. And if you look at 
across the country, as per the reports that I have with me right now, May and June, we did see 
occupancy drop in all cities, almost all cities across the country. Please refer to the report 
released for May and June by HVS, which is a citywise report. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
When I spoke about lower paying segments, for example, at JW Sahar, where we used to have 
almost about 90 to 100 rooms per day from the crew segment, is down to about 1/3 now or 
maybe a little over 1/3 because we decided not to take that business. And also, what you are 
seeing is a blended occupancy of hotels, including the Dukes Retreat, which is still building up 
and it will largely build up only post renovation. 
So that drags it down a little bit. Bangalore was affected by a one-off event in the month of May 
and June with the elections. It was long process in Bangalore, when elections announced and 
then there was literally a slowdown in the city for almost a month. If you take all of that, these 
are the combining reasons for the occupancy situation. But if we have 30% room revenue 
growth, I don't think anyone should be concerned. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Hrishikesh Bhagat from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
So first, related to on your presentation, your pipeline does speak about Airoli, but clearly an 
ongoing project list, it's not there. So, where are we on the Airoli project? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So, Airoli is being reconfigured for more optimal use so that we can get similar sort of rooms at 
a less cost. So that rework is in process and therefore, I've not spoken about it. We should have 
clarity on the reconfigured project in about a couple of months from now. But we're looking at 
260 rooms -280 rooms as we had discussed earlier. We had discussed that we'll probably start 
work on that site end of this year or early -- at the end of this calendar year or early next calendar 
year. We are still largely on target with that. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
But in the sense, it should be part of FY '26 pipeline? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Yes, FY '26, FY '27, I mean, in that range because we are reconfiguring as I said, we're trying 
to sweat the asset better. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
And the second question is from the bandwidth perspective, see, I understand over the next 3 
years, means obviously, there's a ramp-up of the existing pipeline as well in the sense projects 
where you had initiated capex during COVID. And then, if I look at it as additional now, we are 
talking about a fair bit of addition, including the Delhi project by FY '26. So from a bandwidth 
perspective, obviously, there's no limited financial constraint as rightly highlighted by CFO. But 
from management bandwidth perspective, can we add more projects on the -- from the growth 
front? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Yes, please bring them on. If you have some opportunities, let us know. 
Hrishikesh Bhagat: 
Not me, but just from the management bandwidth perspective, it's fairly scalable. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
We are more than happy to take on more. We have enough bandwidth right now for future 
growth for the company. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HDFC Life Insurance. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, my question was on the expenses side. So, if you see the -- all the line items of the expenses, 
so employee expenses, supplies, power and fuel, all have gone up. So, I understand that this will 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
have some bearing of the Dukes Retreat coming in this quarter and then opening of the Westin 
2 also. But can you just give a flavour in terms of if you compare like-for-like, what is the 
increase? Because if the occupancies have dropped by 8% year-on-year, I believe that the 
expenses apart from employee benefit expenses and sales and marketing because as far has gone 
up, should not increase. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Saurabh, Milind here. So, if you look at total expenses of hospitality and for Q4 FY '23 and 
compare it with Q1 FY '24 and exclude these exceptional expenses of Hitec City and incremental 
expenses of 2 properties, the expenses are at same level. Okay. Now if we go into detail, our 
employee expenses are higher on account of salaries, employ expense of these 2 properties and 
annual ex gratia, which is -- which gets accounted in quarter 1. Same is the case with power and 
fuel, incremental expenses of 2 properties and electricity rates have gone up and then discoms 
have increased electricity rates in Maharashtra. So that has impacted. But going forward, again, 
we are revisiting our arrangements with Open Access power and it will be controlled. But we 
feel this is a one-off increase in the current quarter. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
The big ticket item of INR5.7 crores that came from Hyderabad Hitec City... 
Milind Wadekar: 
As well as GST. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
And then there were these, as Milind mentioned, 2 new hotels, 1 in the part of the quarter and 
the other full quarter impact. And the increments and bonuses given to employees, which 
typically happens in Q1 of the succeeding year. So that's the combination. And some number of 
the employees have also gone up a little bit. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So as I understand, you're saying that if we remove the Dukes inclusion this quarter, the Westin 
2 and the GST part, the expenses are broadly flat Q-on-Q? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Yes. Broadly except for what the points that Milind mentioned on salary, ex gratia and increment 
or bonuses, sorry, and electricity rate increase in Mumbai. 
Saurabh Jain: 
My second question, if I may...  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you sir, may I request you to come back in the queue, please? Next question 
is from the line of Rajiv from DAM Capital Advisors. 
Rajiv: 
Sir, with regard to DIAL, since you have finalized the flag now, can you specify what is the 
sharing with, let's say, with DIAL here? And also, I mean, if not that, is it safe to assume that as 
and when it gets launched, you'll have 40% plus kind of EBITDA margin from that asset after 
giving out payment to DIAL? 
Sanjay Sethi: 
So Rajiv, I can't give you details of this. It's basically a shell lease. So, what happens in a shell 
lease is the capex upfront goes down. But you will have a slight increase in the rate in operating 
costs as far as the lease rent is concerned. It's a percentage of revenue, which is the arrangement. 
So, you'll get that slight impact. But typically, revenue share or rents come below the EBITDA 
line. Milind, correct me if I'm wrong. So EBITDA will continue to be as strong as -- as you can 
expect, the rest of our portfolio to be. 

 
Chalet Hotels Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HDFC Life. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, I had a question on the occupancy for the Mumbai region. So, if we compare the occupancy 
of the other listed player, right? So they also had a high base in Q1 FY '23. But even on that high 
base, they were able to increase occupancy further. So, I'm just trying to understand the dynamics 
here that why Chalet is not able to increase occupancy at least on a Q-o-Q basis when the other 
listed players are able to do? So... 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Okay. So, a couple of things over here to note. One is that, as I mentioned, we have 3 hotels in 
Mumbai. All 3 had large occupancy from the IPL last year. And that's something that is material, 
so please note that. The second thing is that we have 29 rooms under renovation at the Powai 
hotel, which are counted in inventory. And therefore, the occupancy shows a little lower than it 
should be. So, that's the second. The third is, as I mentioned earlier, we've let go of crew business, 
it had 2, 3 dynamics to it, especially the Indian domestic crew business. 
The rates would be typically lower than others. The payment cycles are stretched and not 
necessarily favourable. And very often, there are a lot of inclusives that go with crew business, 
and therefore, we decided that wherever hotels are anyway doing high occupancies, we don't 
want to go in that business. For example, JW Sahar is not a hotel I'm going to have crew business 
in. It's a high-grade hotel, it's high occupancy hotel. There's no reason for us to dilute our 
occupancy. What is dragging Bombay down is -- was actually Powai, with the reduction in 29 
rooms for renovation. 
And these 29 rooms are our suites, so they are the most premium rooms in the hotel also. And 
we've also seen weekend occupancies sort of a bit lower than the weekday was. I think people 
are back to traveling for work. So probably at weekends they're spending more time at home 
than traveling for holidays. And this is a phenomena that's been seen at all cities, as I mentioned 
earlier. In fact, I would urge you again to read the HVS report, which is a month-on-month report 
for April, May and June. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sanjay Sethi for closing comments. 
Sanjay Sethi: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for the call today. As I said 
in my closing remark, extremely confident of the future of Chalet Hotels and we've got a really 
strong management team that leads it to the next steps of growth in the future and we look 
forward to engaging with you on a regular basis. Thank you, Nirav for organizing this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Chalet Hotels, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
