ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: ASTRA Towers, Survey No. 12(P). Kothaguda Post, 
Kondapur. Hitechcity, Hyderabad. Telangana. INDIA - 500084 
Tel : +91 40 46618000. 46618001, Fax : +91 40 46618048 
Email : mktg@astramwp.com, website : www.astramwp.com 
CI N : fL29309TG1991PLC013203 
June 3, 2023 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai -400 001 
To 
The Vice President, 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip code: 532493 	
Scrip code: ASTRAMICRO 
Dear sir, 
Sub: Conference call transcript. 
We are sending herewith Conference call transcript held with analysts on 29th 
May, 2023. 
The above information is also made available on the Company's website 
www.astramwp.com. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Astra Microwave Products Ltd 
T.Anjaneyulu 
G.M - Company Secretary 
UM1 
`7,,11Te 
Intertek 
Works: 
Unit 1 : Plot No. 12. ANRICH Industrial Estate. Bollaram, Medak Dist.. Telangana State - 502 325 
Unit 2 : Plot No. 56A, ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak Dist.. Telangana State - 502 325 
Unit 3 : Sy. No. 1/1,Imarath Kancha. Raviryala (Vii). Maheshwaram (Mdl) R.R. Dist.. Telangana State - 500 005 
Unit 4: Sy. No. 1/1. Plot No. 18 to 21, Imarath Kancha. Hardware Park, Raviryala (V). Maheshwararn (M) R.R. Dist.. T.S. - 500 005 
R&D Centre: Plot No. 51 P. Bengaluru Aerospace Park(KIADB),Survey Nos Parts of 36 to 40,.Bengaluru North. K.S. - 562 149. 
ANJANEYUL
U 
THALLAPALLI
Digitally signed by 
ANJANEYULU 
THALLAPALLI 
Date: 2023.06.03 
11:55:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Astra Microwave Products Limited 
Q4 and FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 29th May 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. G. REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTRA 
MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. M.V. REDDY – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MR. ATIM KABRA – DIRECTOR-STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – ASTRA MICROWAVE 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Astra Microwave Products Limited Q4 and 
FY'23 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the belief, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an Moderator: by pressing star then zero on 
a touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. G. Reddy, Managing Director. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Reddy. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good morning to everyone and a warm welcome to all the participants to 
the post results earnings call of our company. I'm with my colleague, Mr. M. V. Reddy, Joint 
Managing Director; and Mr. Atim Kabra, Director, Strategy and Business Development; and 
SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
The results and investors presentation for the Q4 and year ended are already uploaded on 
public stock platform. I hope that you had an opportunity to look at it. It has been a milestone 
year for us, as we have successfully completed our QIP and registered our best financial 
performance ever across all matrices. We closed the year with a topline of INR807 crores, 
EBITDA of about 18%. Our order book position is very healthy at INR1,544 crores. We are 
also happy that the amount of confidence expressed in our abilities by leading institutional 
investors in India and outside in our capabilities and growth prospects. 
Before we talk about our performance in detail, I wish to inform you that, during the quarter 
we have booked about INR115 crores worth of orders, mainly comprising of INR48 crores 
from Radar, INR17 crores from EW and INR7 crores from Missile Electronics. On the sales 
front, out of INR253 crores, Radars have contributed to INR56 crores, EWs about INR29 
crores, Missile Electronics INR16 crores and exports about INR138 crores. 
During the quarter, the company has responded to INR350 crores worth of businesses through 
RFPs and closed purchase negotiations for INR134 crores, which is entirely for the domestic 
market. During the quarter, company has signed MoUs and other means of partnerships with 
Indian and foreign partners to deepen our products and the technology expertise. I'm not able 
to get into the specific details because of the strategic reasons. 
Overall, there are various tailwinds in the defence space for players like us. Globally, the 
countries are spending large amounts of money in the military. Our government who spends 
about close to 3% of GDP on defense every year, is highly focused on increasing self-reliance. 
This Mission is driven by increase in R&D spend by DRDO labs and also by increasing 
private sector to invest in developing products on NCNC model. 
With our long-standing relationship with our customers under several years of experience in 
high-tech oriented products, we plan to benefit immensely from this boost. In fact, we are 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
working on various items which are part of government's negative list and this presents a 
gamut of opportunities for us. 
Coming to our stand-alone performance for the Q4, the revenue stood at about INR256 crores 
as against INR239 crores for corresponding year of last year, a growth of about 7.3%. Gross 
margin is about 28%. The domestic sales contributes higher margin compared to the export 
sales. In the last two quarters, the margins have improved in a very strong way because the 
domestics were more compared to the exports. However, in the quarter ended Q4, there is a 
slight correction because the export revenues are higher compared to the domestic sales. 
Talking about full year performance, the revenue stood about INR807 crores as against 
INR735 crores for the last year. Gross profit has increased by about 36.7%. Due to changing 
geographical mix as compared to the last year, the overall domestic sales are higher in the 
current year. Similarly, the other gross margins have improved. Profit margins have improved 
essentially because of the change in the product mix of the company, where domestic sales 
have contributed more compared to the export sales. 
The Board of Directors have recommended a dividend of about INR1.60 per share, that is 80% 
for the year ended financial year 2023. At the end of the quarter, our stand-alone outlook, as I 
said earlier, is at about INR1,544 crores. This order book consists of 24% of exports and 76% 
domestic orders. From this order mix available, it is clear that in the coming years, domestic 
business will be a major competitor to the overall business of the company, which means 
improved gross margins. 
In the other order book update, I would like to share with you our joint venture partner, a joint 
venture company, Astra Rafael has very recently won an order of about INR158 crores from 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited for supply of software-defined radios, which is executable in 
the next financial year. With a strong order book and inflow for financial year FY '24, we are 
confident to have a top line of about INR900 crores to INR950 crores and at a PBT of about 
INR150 crores, it's basically 10% this way and that way. 
We have improved our profitability compared to the last financial year as explained above, and 
this is likely to improve further because of change in the overall product mix of the company 
and also with the proper utilization of the QIP fund, which was very recently. That QIP of 
INR220 crores, which will give a strong boost to our future growth by investing in newer 
technologies and develop newer products. 
Company has identified about 10 products or projects to invest proactively and expect to come 
out successfully in the next 3 to 4 years. This proactive investment should help the company to 
sustain and improve its top on bottom line in the long run. The company is also in discussions 
with start-ups and the small private companies with unique expertise to jointly develop newer 
products with a joint ownership and sharing of profits. The idea is to have a larger pool of 
products to target wider market sales within defense and aerospace. 
To conclude my opening remarks, I would like to highlight that Atma Nirbhar Bharat is 
becoming a reality and the industry is making great strides and also is very poised to capture 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
this opportunity. Now I will hand over to Mr. Atim Kabra, Director, Strategy and Business 
Development; and to Mr. M. V. Reddy, Joint Managing Director, to share their thoughts. To 
start with, Mr. Atim Kabra will take over. 
Atim Kabra: 
Good day, everybody. I want to take this opportunity to sketch out the broad contour of our 
vision at Astra. As you are very well aware, we have today completed a significant milestone 
in our journey so far, where we have progressed from being a sub-component manufacturer to 
a system-level entity, as we have continuously moved up the value chain over the years. This 
journey is no different from what has been successfully accomplished and demonstrated by 
India's very successful IT industry. Likewise, we moved from being a sub-component supplier 
to a component supplier to being a subsystem for guys, and now we deliver complete systems 
also. 
At this point in time, we wish to also focus on creating multiple solutions. On a day trade, 
Astra branded solutions around our core competencies in RF and microwave domains. We 
want to transition from merely supplying radars and subsystems and systems to possibly 
supplying complete solutions, which will encompass radars and sub-components and 
subsystems as their core and around which solutions will be built, leveraging our extensive 
R&D capabilities as well as in-house expertise supplemented as SG very rightly pointed out by 
externally sourced capabilities through collaborations. 
And exercise is on within the company to identify strategic growth areas with large total 
addressable markets where we can identify specific market opportunities and issues where 
specific solutions can be offered. Yes, I'm going to illustrate this with some broad examples 
since its early days. Should we be content with offering anti-drone systems? Or shall we be 
expanding our offering and offer complete anti-drone solutions is a question, which we are 
debating. 
Are there other areas where the core tech powering anti-drone solutions can be applied to 
address different customer bases and both horizontal expansion of our offering can be achieved 
with a vertical deepening of our capabilities. Or should we be just supplying ground 
penetration radars, for example, or create solutions around ground penetration radars, which 
can help in, let's say, disaster management or better surveillance in our border area, etcetera, 
etcetera. 
Should we be exploring further extended applications of our RF receivers and data loggers to 
expand our weather-related offerings and other such related offerings, which arise from such 
capabilities? Should we be exploring launching Astra made satellite payloads? Should we be 
exploring the next frontline of warfare, which is space? Should we be focusing on establishing 
satellite communication systems or take our vision as we had mentioned, of a self sufficient 
India by exploring controlling satellite communication links both ways. These are a few areas 
and domains which are being explored as we speak. 
Work has commented on this and this transition from almost exclusively based -- being a 
tender-based business to an on-demand ready solutions company comes at a very opportune   
time where we have the required skill set and the tech within the company to achieve higher 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
margins and an extended product range, which will give a further significant boost to our top 
line. We expect to start seeing results from these initiatives over the next couple of years and 
expect that our solutions will become a significant contributor to our overall revenues over a 
period of time. 
I will add that we further intend to undertake a few initiatives to link Astra with various 
research-based institutions of higher learning and harness resources and the tech being 
developed there for our solutions. Besides extending this collaborative framework to other 
defense companies and early stage companies, we are not the only guys here. There is a whole 
range of companies, which are engaged in myriad activities under the overall umbrella of 
defense capabilities. 
We hope to keep you posted as concrete plans take shape. I wish to reiterate that our overall 
target of achieving INR10,000-odd crores worth of sales execution over the next 5 years 
remains very much insight. And all these initiatives, which I mentioned, are meant to add a 
further impetus to the sales and margin enhancement efforts of the company while building on 
our core strengths. I'm confident that with your blessings and support, we will be able to 
achieve a higher trajectory of both top line as well as margin growth. This is a broad vision, 
which has been put in place, and as a successful QIP with significant demand for Astra 
demonstrate, I think we are operating in a very, very favourable environment with headwinds 
helping us. 
With this I'll hand it over to M.V. Reddy to further take you into more details on the order 
book, etcetera. M.V.? 
M. V. Reddy: 
Yes, good morning to all of you. And I think and Mr. S.G. and Mr. Atim Kabra already shared 
the plans and also the vision of Astra. And I don't want to repeat the same thing. Now, I think 
we can open for the questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one is on your defense order book ended -- year ended 
FY '23, which stands at INR914 crores. If you could throw some more like on the composition 
of this book, particularly with respect to the plates and the orders that you received in defense, 
particularly, if you could also throw some light on that, that is the first question? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes, overall order book as of 31st March is about INR1,543, in that, we have close to INR914 
crores in the defense. You want -- since you ask for the breakup. With Radar, we have INR497 
crores. In EW segment, we have INR267 crores. Missile about INR150 crores. And from space 
sector, we have INR212 crores. Metallurgy and Hydrology segment, we have INR55 crores. 
And in export front, we have INR362 crores. This is the break up of order book, what we have 
as on 31st March 2023. 
And coming to your question about the orders which we booked in the last quarter that is in 
Q4, we have booked close to INR115 crores, in that the breakup is -- all are like the defense 
segment, we have not booked any orders as such from the space or export front. That's is 
includes products  from R&D and production orders of INR55 crores. And further, the breakup 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
is INR47 crores from Radar and INR17 crores from EW and INR7 crores from Missile 
Electronics. I hope I answered your question. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. That's very clear, sir. The second question is… 
Moderator: 
Amit, sorry to interrupt you. May I request you to come in a better reception area, please? 
Your voice is breaking. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. So my second question is around contribution of revenue. This quarter, we found that 
more export order -- export was much higher at 50-odd percent. So going ahead FY24, will 
this export be roughly 30% or there would be an odd quarter with we have this kind of surprise 
for export goes to 50% and above? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. In FY '24, again up INR950 crores guidance what we have given, INR300 crores, we are 
trying to book from export segment. The rest INR650 crores is from the domestic segment. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vidit Trivedi from Asian Market Securities. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
My question is that could you please share me the development revenue mix of financial year 
'22 and '23 in the domestic defense revenue segment? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Domestic development and… 
Vidit Trivedi: 
Yes, it's domestic defense revenue segment. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. I think we will come back to you on that. If you have any other questions, you can ask. 
We'll reply during the course of call 
Vidit Trivedi: 
My next question is on the line of MoU, which I think signing EL, DIS. What's the start-up on 
that? Have we started working on that? And what's the revenue that we are expecting from 
that? 
S. G. Reddy: 
On the NavIC front, right? So our products are almost now being approved and official 
approval is still waited . The testing has been completed in the last 2 weeks. I think we -- more 
or less, we are making all the requirement. Official approval will be obtained in next couple of 
weeks time. And once after that, I think the parallelly the development of products are going 
on. As I mentioned in the last earnings call, we have launched development of tracking unit, 
COTS receivers and timing receivers. These are the products which we are developing for 
NavIC application using the baseband chips. 
Vidit Trivedi: 
And I do -- I have one more question. And I would like to know your view on the Infinite 
Dome MoU exclusive manufacturing for the Indian market. So your take on that, sir? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes, actually, we entered MoU with them, and we are working out modality from that. I think 
maybe soon, we will come out with the detailed modality from that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital. 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Sir, my question is regarding the order book. I really wanted to get an idea regarding how 
much percentage of the entire order book is executed in one particular quarter or it varies 
quarter-over-quarter? And the second question is I wanted to understand since you are 
planning to expand into the anti-drone solution. So based on our existing capabilities, will it be 
easier to enter into that domain? Or do we need to acquire probably a new company or some 
expanding talent in order to get into that. Those are 2 questions I have. 
S. G. Reddy: 
First  questions I have not understood. Yes. In terms of the delivery of INR950 crores, you are 
asking whether it is going to be uniform kind of business, or there will be fluctuations from 
quarter-on-quarter. I think definitely, there will be fluctuation. We have the quarter wise... 
We'll give you the quarter wise number. Q1, we are targeting about INR150 crores. And Q2, 
we have about INR175 crores. And in Q3, around INR200 crores-plus and Q4 around INR250 
crores plus. 
And the second question, you talked about anti-drone system. In the anti-drone, yes, we have 
completed our developments of indigenous counter-drone radar with the basic DOT from 
LRDE, and we have optimized the technology. And this particular system is being tested 
internally. And now we are taking into the field. From July onwards, we are planning to go for 
NCNC trials for a couple of customers, what we identified. 
Atim Kabra: 
I think to add to your question to add to MD's answer to your question. As far as the anti-drone 
system is concerned, we are, I think, almost there on our own capabilities. But as we develop 
further solutions around it, we may be partnering with a few entities for very specific inputs, 
which may be required. We are primarily looking at a collaborative model. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Shah from MK Ventures. Bhavik, may I request 
you to unmute your line from your side and go ahead with the question please. Bhavik, your 
voice is not coming clear. Can I request you to speak through the handset. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Sir, in the last question, you did mention the breakup of the sales, which are going to do, right? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Come again, Your voice is not very clear. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Sir, in the last question, you gave a quarterly breakup of the revenue you're going to book in 
FY '24, right? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. 
Bhavik Shah: 
So that doesn't come to INR950 crores. So it comes to around INR750 crores or INR800-odd 
crores, right. You said Q1, you do INR150 crores, right? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Q1 is INR150 crores. And -- okay. Actually some small correction here. Q2 about INR170 
crores. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Yes. Sir, can you just repeat Q1 INR150 crores, Q2 INR170 crores? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. And Q3, I think I mentioned INR200 crores it is INR250 crores. Okay. And the rest in 
Q4. 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. The remaining will be done in Q4. Okay. Yes. And sir, regarding the margins, going 
ahead, so like in FY '24 and FY '25, what kind of margins are we looking at sustainable levels? 
Like what is our order book margins right now, like? 
S. G. Reddy: 
The coming year FY '24, the PBT will be close to about 15% to 18%. 
Bhavik Shah: 
So this is at the PBT level or EBITDA level? 
S. G. Reddy: 
I'm talking about the PBT what I mentioned to you, 15% to 18%. The EBITDA level should be 
close to about 20% to 25%. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Yes. And sir, for any guidance for FY '25 going ahead, like, seen in your order book? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Specific guidance is not there, but we can assure you that this will be an improvement over 
whatever we are likely to do for FY '24. 
Bhavik Shah: 
And so the new orders which we are booking right now, what kind of margins are we getting 
on that? Like is it the same levels which we are like showing in FY '24? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes, mostly, the majority of these orders will come in from the domestic sector, again, mostly 
from the defense. The exports are likely to thin down over a period of time. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, regarding the QIP, can you like -- are you more specific on the QIP 
front? What kind of proceed usage are we looking at? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Sorry, what kind of... 
Bhavik Shah: 
Usage of proceeds are we looking at? Like where will be the proceeds used? 
S. G. Reddy: 
See, as mentioned in the offer document, the majority of this money is going for the working 
capital, okay? But again, working capital is a general definition of what we have given. But the 
intent of the company is investing in coming out with the new products. As I mentioned in my 
opening remarks, we have already identified about 10 programs and the people have started 
working on that. So I would say that the major of the money is going for proactive 
development of various products. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So we'll basically repay the working capital loan will we have and from the free 
up capital, we will be investing in new avenues, that's what I understand. All right. And sir, 
any new specific developments which we get to know about in coming quarters? 
S. G. Reddy: 
New developments in terms of product developments or otherwise in terms of business 
developments? 
Bhavik Shah: 
Business developments maybe kind of JV or any new orders which we are expecting like big 
orders which we are expecting? 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
S. G. Reddy: 
The JV has a potential to book big orders in the coming year -- in the coming period. Only the 
timing is an issue there. But otherwise, it has a huge order book pipeline to be booked in the 
next 1 year. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Space sector, we were expecting a good year this year, like FY '24, we're expecting to book 
some revenues over there and like execute our order book. So is there any development on that 
front? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. In fact, it is already due for a good amount of revenue to be booked. But only thing is 
there is a small issue in terms of the export license, which is required is getting sorted out. In 
the current year, it should be doing INR200-plus crores of revenues. And it should be turning 
profitable by the end of the year. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So we start seeing the numbers. And these numbers are included in your guidance 
or this will come as an optionality? 
S. G. Reddy: 
They are not included in our guidance because the share of profit or loss is going to be shown 
out of the JV. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sarjeet Yadav from Mount Intra Finance. Please go ahead. 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Congratulations to all of you for the wonderful results. I'm Col Sarjeet Yadav and I'm 
representing Mount Intra Finance -- This is better. Okay. So Mr. Reddy I met you like a couple 
of times in DefExpo and other events. And I've been associated with the SDRs and the various 
radar programs through Bill since I was serving in Army Air Defence for 22 years. 
Presently my question firstly is regarding the software-defined radio, the order of INR150 
crores which you have been received. I just missed out during the brief that order is from 
whom in case you can share that. This is the first question. And then I will move to the next 
question. Can you please let us know? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. This particular order is from HAL for the -- to supply 47 numbers of products -- sorry 
SDRs. 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Okay. Next, as for the our assessment, there's an approximate requirement of about 55,000 of 
these software-defined radios amongst the 3 services. And the -- our calculation says that it's a 
market opportunity of about INR12,000 crores for all 3 services, and it may take about 8 to 10 
years for the requirement to be completed. And linearly, if you put it, the opportunity is about 
INR1,200 crores to INR1,500 crores per year, although it may not come in the same manner. 
So I would like to know the -- what's your comment on this opportunity size? And Astra's 
options in this order? And any competitors in case they are there? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. As I said that all these arm forces now trying to replace the convention radios with the 
software-defined radio towards that airports have started the replacing first, and the Rafael has 
bagged this contract about 6 years back for 400 sets of radios, which we have been -- our joint 
venture is manufacturing now. And we are getting repeat orders from various agencies for the 
various platforms on the Air Force. 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Similarly, in the army front, we have participated in a couple of tenders. Recently, we 
participated one in Infantry and the other one is on code, where we emerged a successful 
bidder with -- in Infantry RFP , where in other case we lost it on the price front. And these 
negotiations are going on and probably we will be getting orders in a couple of months' time 
now. 
And apart from that, we have also participated in Mark 2 for the vacant mountain version of 
this SDR. There again out of many companies who participated in that. I understand only a 
few companies got shortlisted and we are there among one -- few companies where first round 
of revaluation has been successfully completed. And we are planning to go for NCNC trial 
sometime in August, September. 
So this is, again, like the other contract, which we are aiming for it. Similarly, the Army is 
looking for more radios in future once after we conclude -- when they conclude this particular 
case. Likewise, there is a good amount of potential for this SDRs future. And our team 
projecting around close to around 10,000 radios in next about 5 to 8 years' time frame. 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Okay. So I know that one thing, you said that you were successful in the inventory RFP. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. A significant portion of -- to answer your question completely. A portion of the business 
does slow down to Astra itself. 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Okay. As subsystem, is that what you're saying? A portion of the -- sorry, hello? 
S. G. Reddy: 
The SDRs which are supplied through the JV, a portion of that flows down into Astra itself. 
Sarjeet Yadav: 
Yes, of course, of course. Thank you, Mr. Reddy, and all the best to team, Astra. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes. My question is on the Space division. So today successfully launched the NVS-01. And I 
believe we would be providing the payload for that satellite, I could be wrong on that part. If 
you can confirm that as well as so ISRO has launched like four -- launches done this year 
already and five more are planned. So typically, in a year, what is the contribution from Astra 
to the ISRO payload? And where do you see this number in the next 2, 3 years? This is the first 
question. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. Obviously, the satellite being launched today that satellite called NVIC-01, NBS-01 and 
NavIC IRNSS satellite. In that, we don't have any contribution in the satellite payload. But as I 
mentioned, we have developed this NavIC receiver for the applications. And that will 
definitely will boost us our business in coming years. So we are there in NavIC. But otherwise, 
in satellite payload, we are not there in this particular series. 
Other -- all other satellites like radar imaging satellites, we have been supplying subsystems to 
ISRO. Today, whatever order we have on hand is for radar imaging satellite, that is for RF like 
1B and as well as 2A. This is under production now. And our communication satellite, we 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
have been supplying RF and microwave subsystems to ISRO. So going forward, yes, our 
strategic applications, ISRO is still continuing to build these satellites. 
We will be there in that as a subsystem supplier. Apart from that, we also initiated discussions 
with defense forces to build this SAR payload. And we joined -- we formed the MoU as a --- 
we enter into an agreement with a start-up company to build this SAR payload for the defense 
forces. And we are also expanding our capability in terms of building the complete satellite in 
future. This is as far as this year's business is concerned. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. My second question is, on the -- there were some big tenders on the Active 
Protection side as systems, APS systems as well as on the SDR also. So on SDR, continuing, 
you have explained it very nicely to the last participant. Normally, the indigenization, if you 
can talk about what percentage do we do? 
Because my understanding is, as of now, gross margins are low, a little better than export but 
still lower than the domestic defense business. But going forward 2, 3 years down the line, do 
you see doing more indigenization and the gross margin here? Where can we see the gross 
margin here on SDR as well as if you can talk about this active protection system, any update 
on that? 
Atim Kabra: 
Yes. Active Protection System, we bagged the contract from DRDO to develop this particular 
system. We -- it's in development stage now. By end of this financial year, we can develop -- 
we will develop this system and we'll hand over to DRDO. It may take another 1, 1.5 year time 
frame for us to participate in NCNC trials along with the DRDO technology. That's as far as 
the APS is concerned. 
And coming to your question in SDR, as we have a better margins as compared to the other 
export business as we have been doing it indigenously, most of the RF portion in Astra. And 
we are also increasing the indigenization content in complete SDR as joint venture is working 
on that. We are also developing the waveforms, which is the crucial part of the SDR and all 
other hardware required for SDR. So going forward, the indigenous content is going up, and 
the margins also will become much better for both JV as well as for Astra. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from Aionios Alpha. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
So this question is on the possible acquisition and order book over the next couple of years. So 
thanks for a detailed presentation. I think in the presentation, I can see almost INR2,000 crores 
of potential radar orders that can accrue in '24 only. So can you just take us through as to your 
confidence in winning these orders where exactly have you sort of added value because a 
couple of them are DRDO programs. I can see long-range radar and LRSAM and AECC11 
opportunity. So just to sort of address your confidence in sort of bagging these orders and your 
value add in this program given that they're expected in '24 only? 
S. G. Reddy: 
In FY '24, the -- again, as the overall business visibility of INR2,000 crores around in that. We 
have a few production orders to be received from DPSUs, like one is at MPR for the major 
contract, which are -- we are planning to book it in sometime in Q2 or so. And apart from that, 
we also have been working with the BEL as we are one of the qualified suppliers for few 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
radars like ASR, this is one radar which BEL has received order recently. And the other radars 
like weapon locating radar. And even for Akash Prime, we are working with BEL to supply 
these subsystems. These are all production orders. 
As far as development is concerned, we are also participating in many of these DRDO 
development projects like AWC, Mark 2, as well as ISR and 230 radar. These are all going to 
be in competitive mode, and we have been participating in that. 
Abhijit Mitra: 
Okay. And what about the order opportunity from anti-drone system in '24 because I think 
that's another big order contract value that I... 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes, this -- we participated in a few RFIs and going to be converted in RFP soon. And we see 
at least the potential for it because this is the first year of the market where we are entering into 
this domain. Maybe we have taken only a small portion of it about close to INR40 crores to 
INR50 crores in this current year. But going forward, I think we will have more orders in this 
particular segment. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, I just wanted to know we had guided for around INR850 crores of revenue at the 
beginning of the year. So what was the reason for lower execution? 
S. G. Reddy: 
We have given INR950 crores not INR850 crores. 
Akshay Kothari: 
No, I'm saying last year that we had guided for INR850 crores of revenue, whereas we have 
done only INR816 crores. 
S. G. Reddy: 
We missed out few R&D projects in the last quarter because of we got into some technical 
issues, but finally we got sort it out and -- but we couldn't book the sales by 31st March. A 
couple of R&D projects we missed out. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, these were in collaboration with DRDO? 
S. G. Reddy: 
No. Yes, these are order from DRDO. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, someone did mention on the call that you would be doing around 
INR10,000 crores of revenue for the next 5 years. So INR850 crores plus, so if I assume 
INR2,000 crores of revenue in the first 2 years and around INR8,000 crores of execution needs 
to be done in next 3 years. 
So do you think that this raise is sufficient enough because then since our lot of our investment 
would also be going into the growth capital part of it. So would we need to raise funds for the 
further orders, which would come because working capital is always elongated in such orders. 
S. G. Reddy: 
As of today, we don't see any further requirement of raising fund from the capital market. But 
in terms of the numbers, whatever was quoted earlier, and we already guided in our QIP 
presentation. Cumulatively, for the next 5 years, we said we should be around INR8,000-plus 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
crores. So we should -- we are comfortable to reach that number with the existing resources  
available. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir, just another follow-up question on the INR10,000 crores guidance that you're giving for 
the next 5 years. While I understand the detail breakup if only possible, but can you tell us as 
to where can we expect the accelerated growth to come from that, currently we're expecting 
growth of around 70%. So there has been aggressive growth going ahead from some 
segments? 
Atim Kabra: 
Your voice is not clear. Can you repeat the question? 
Dipen Vakil: 
So my question is, you mentioned about the INR10,000 crores guidance for 5 years. So I just 
wanted to know where do you expect that accelerated growth to come from which segment? 
Atim Kabra: 
Yes. Radar is one segment where we expect at least about close to 50% of the business should 
come from that segment alone. As we've been mentioned in the document and also in the last 
few earnings calls meetings. We've been entering into the systems domain in the radar apart 
from the subsystem market, which we are already addressing. In the systems, yes, definitely 
will give us a good growth as compared to the last few years. 
And in this, there is a segment where we are expecting a lot of growth to happen in the coming 
years. And even in EW front also, like we started entering into the systems, and that also that 
segment will give us a better business as compared to what we did in the last few years. These 
are the 2 major segments where we are entering into the systems domain. And apart from that, 
we are also looking at the satellite payloads and even other business areas, which, in fact, we 
initiated the development plan. 
And the growth, as we informed is the rear-ended growth like last couple of years, like the FY 
'26 onwards we should have good revenue projections as far as the business is concerned. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you so much for that. My second question is on the Space division. Sir, when do you 
expect the Space division to be to start meaningfully contribute to your revenues? 
Atim Kabra: 
Come again, come again? 
Dipen Vakil: 
When do you expect your space revenue to start to meaningfully contribute to your revenue? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Space revenue -- the current year -- still just 2 years, we have the order book of INR250 crores, 
which we're going to execute that, where we will be completing. But the development what we 
have initiated, I think that will give us business from starting from FY '26. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Hitanshu Bhatia from Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hitanshu Bhatia: 
My question was regarding our progress on the NavIC chip receiver. If you could just guide 
me with where are we on the progress of finally, I mean, getting the final product on the 
NavIC chip receiver? 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Atim Kabra: 
I think I just answered this question, but anyway, again, I'll repeat. Our basic chip, like, 
baseband chip are getting qualified by ISRO. It is almost the testing and have been completed 
and we are waiting for the final approval, which will happen in the next few weeks' time. And 
also the end product for the -- using that chip, we are developing a few products like vehicle 
tracking unit, COTS receiver, timing receiver. These are the products which we will be 
developing internally, and this will come out maybe in 3 to 4 months time frame from now. 
Hitanshu Bhatia: 
And you might be aware, sir, that Elena Geo Systems had just launched the chips... 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes, yes. We are aware, we are aware of it. 
Hitanshu Bhatia: 
So any comments on that, sir. 
Atim Kabra: 
No, we don't want to comment on that company product. We only -- we can give you 
comments on our products, no on other product. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, sir. My question is on the systems, we are moving towards systems. As of now, what 
percentage of our revenue do you think will come in systems in FY '24? And where do you see 
this number in the next 2, 3 years? And if you can also talk about -- there are a lot of programs 
we are participating in. So where are we strong as a system provider, which you can talk about 
this? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. In this -- like the current year, we have INR950 crores, close to INR200 crores should 
come from the systems and the rest is subsystems and products. But going forward, yes, I think 
from FY '26 onwards, I think the systems business will have a major portion of our revenue as 
well as these profit. 
Aman Vij: 
And sorry, sir, if you can talk about -- which are the programs because a lot of programs where 
we will still remain a subsystem provider. But in some programs, we are moving towards 
system. So which are those programs, if you can talk about this? 
S. G. Reddy: 
See, like we are addressing in both the categories. One is DRDO opportunities and the other 
one is the Armed Forces, MOD, direct opportunities, where we are participating in RFIs. And 
a few of them are getting converted into RFCs. To give you a few examples, like one is Border 
Detection Radar, the other one is Low Level Lightweight Radar, and then we also are 
participating in ADTCR, that's another RFI which has come. 
These are our systems, which we have a core technology and expertise is being already built in 
our company. So we are developing these systems to participate in these tenders. And apart 
from that, DRDO is also coming out a few systems where they have identified a few 
companies, though we are in competition. We are trying to get into those projects. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. My next question is on the big pipeline for FY '24. So in the presentation, you have 
clearly given there are a lot of programs coming up in FY '24 itself. So -- and in your previous 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
call, we have explained that there are some programs where we are like 100%, we will be 
winning it because we are being the sole player versus some where we have 50% probability 
because there are some other competition. 
So for FY '24 specifically, what is our -- what do you think will be our bid pipeline and out of 
which were -- which portion do you think -- how much portion do you think we will have like 
100% probability kind of scenario? 
S. G. Reddy: 
In INR1,000 crores order book, what we are projecting for the current year, INR500 crores is 
something which we are proprietary in nature and also single tender. The rest INR500 crores, 
we have taken it from what 2 categories. One is the limited competition and then the third one 
is the open competition. And all put together, we are planning to book INR1,000 crores from 
the current year. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. But the way you've explained very nicely in the presentation, the bids that is coming up 
is maybe of INR3,000 crores, INR4,000 crores itself. So you are only incorporating a INR500 
crores bid out of that whole pie in our order book, forward order book. 
S. G. Reddy: 
I didn't get you. Come again. 
Aman Vij: 
So sir, in the presentation, you have nicely explained, there are a lot of orders where we don't 
have proprietary in nature, but still it will be mostly tender-driven, but that whole pie is a much 
bigger amount than what we are taking into our order book of INR500 crores. So my question 
was, are we being conservative on that part or this number can be a much, much bigger 
number? 
M. V. Reddy: 
We are a little conservative because the only issue here is the timing of the orders. We have 
given the guidance for the next 5 years with that particular number. And we are talking 
specific to this particular year and little conservative because the -- it all depends on the timing 
of the projects, since the process time, it is not the budget and all, budgets and have been 
allocated and even a few contracts have been already in the pipeline and all. So all these things 
will happen, but when we are talking about the exact number before 31st March 2024. This is 
what we are a little conservative, but definitely, it may go up also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Santanu Chatterjee from Mount Intra Finance. Please go ahead. 
Santanu Chatterjee: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers. My first question is, sir, you have shown in the 
presentation that business potential until 2028 is INR7,000 crores for defense products that is 
in page number 19. And you have also shown in page number 20 that your total addressable 
market across all the sectors till FY '28 is INR24,000 crores to INR25,000 crores. My question 
is, are we envisaging bigger order pie from the other sectors than defense? Can you add some 
colour into it? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. This INR24,000 crores total accessible market includes some of the non-defense projects 
like turnkey solutions and also even the NavIC business, which we are targeting also being 
included in that, apart from the Defense and Aerospace segment. And in the 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Metallurgy/Hydrology front also, we are entering into the various systems like adventure 
radar, even  doppler weather radar, also in airport weather monitoring radars. 
These are the few projects which -- systems, which we have taken up development. All put 
together, we have taken around INR24,000 crores INR25,000 crores of total accessible market, 
apart from the Defense and Aerospace segment. 
Santanu Chatterjee: 
That means can I presume, sir, other than Defense segment will contribute heavily towards 
future revenue? 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. Defense is a major growth factor. Definitely, we'll have more testing in the overall the 
INR7,000 crores what we have considered in the next five years. 
Santanu Chatterjee: 
Okay, sir. And my second question is, sir, in the current order, can you categorize how much 
belongs from the subsystem and how much from the whole system? 
S. G. Reddy: 
In the current order in INR1,543 crores, in this, we have close to INR300 crores for systems 
and rest of them subsystems. Yes, Navin, can we make it to the last two questions. We're 
running sort of time. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Mr. S.G. 
Reddy for closing comments. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Yes. Thank you. And thank you, gentlemen, for your participation and look forward to talk to 
you again at the end of Q1. Thank you very much. 
Atim Kabra: 
Thank you. 
M. V. Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Astra Microwave Products Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
