Hikal Ltd. 
Admin. Office: Great Eastern Chambers, 6th Floor, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614, India. Tel. + 91–22–6277 0299, + 91–22–6866 0300 
Regd. Office: 717, Maker Chambers - 5, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021, India. Tel. +91-22 6277 0477. Fax: + 91-22 6277 0500 
www.hikal.com        info@hikal.com        CIN: L24200MH1988PTC048028
August 14, 2023 
BSE Ltd., 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 524735 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: HIKAL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings call for quarter ended June 30, 2023 
In continuation of our letters dated August 3, 2023 and August 8, 2023 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings call held on August 8, 2023, for 
quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
Kindly take the information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
for HIKAL LIMITED 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Rajasekhar 
Reddy 
Chintakindi
Digitally signed 
by Rajasekhar 
Reddy Chintakindi 
Date: 2023.08.14 
11:28:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Hikal Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, 
the  audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 8th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER HIREMATH – MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
MR. ANISH SWADI – SENIOR PRESIDENT, BUSINESS 
TRANSFORMATION & ANIMAL HEALTH 
MR. KULDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. MANOJ MEHROTRA – PRESIDENT, 
PHARMACEUTICAL BUSINESS 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hikal Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer 
Hiremath, Managing Director from Hikal Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you. Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm welcome to all of you. We 
extend our gratitude to all of the participants for attending our Q1 FY24 Results Conference 
Call. 
We trust that you have had the opportunity to view our comprehensive Earnings Release, 
Investor Presentation, and The Financial Statements for the quarter ended 30th June 2023. These 
documents can be accessed on both Hikal’s official website and the stock exchanges websites. I 
am Sameer Hiremath – Managing Director, Hikal Limited, and I will be leading the discussion 
and presenting the financial results.  
On this call with me, I have Anish Swadi – Senior President of Business Transformation and 
Animal Health, Kuldeep Jain – our Chief Financial Officer, Manoj Mehrotra – our President 
(Pharmaceutical Business) and Strategic Growth Advisors – our Investor Relations Advisors. 
FY24 has started off on a challenging note due to global macro-economic pressures and high 
channel inventories, leading to lower demand across both our businesses. The chemical industry 
is facing difficulties due to China’s opening up and depressed market conditions specifically in 
the crop protection end use markets. Muted volumes coupled with pricing headwinds and high 
costs inventories on our customer side impacted top line and profitability in Q1 FY24.  
For Q1 FY24, we reported revenues of 388 crores and EBITDA of 50 crores, equivalent to a 
margin of 12.9%. During the quarter, we witnessed disruptive channel inventory correction 
across the supply chain in both the businesses. We were able to navigate through some of the 
market headwinds on the back of improved cost control measures and softening of certain raw 
material prices and improvement in product mix. We expect it will take another quarter or two 
for demand in the pharmaceutical business to return to normal. However, raw material costs are 
softening, which is aiding the sectoral recovery. 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Sequentially, we expect the performance to gradually pick up and operating leverage is expected 
to improve in the second half of the year.  
On the crop protection side, there is a high buildup of channel inventory which is adversely 
impacting the demand supply scenario resulting in price erosion. We expect the inventory 
situation to normalize towards the end of this calendar year. However, there has been softening 
of raw material prices which is expected to stabilize and improve the margin profile towards the 
last quarter of this financial year. To navigate these difficult circumstances, we have 
implemented various strategic initiatives aimed at cost optimization, reducing procurement 
prices, and automation-based productivity enhancement. These measures have facilitated 
operational efficiencies and will stem the macro-economic challenges.  
On 22nd July 2023, the company received communication from Gujarat Pollution Control 
Board, directing the company to cease operations within 15 days at the Panoli site, citing 
technical violations pertaining to a product manufactured in early 2021 during the COVID 
period. The company clarified the query made by the Gujarat Pollution Control Board, based on 
which the GPCB has revoked the closure direction for initial period of three months. And we’re 
hopeful of getting a permanent revocation post that. The company’s Panoli facility continues to 
operate at normal with no interruption in production activities. We are deeply committed to 
upholding the principle of responsible care and sustainable business practices. Given the current 
macroeconomic climate, we do anticipate short term volatility. However, we are well positioned 
for sustainable growth over the medium to long term.  
Now, I would like to provide an overview of our Crop Protection Division performance: 
The Crop Protection Division achieved a revenue of 163 crores for the quarter and an EBIT of 
17 crores which was at 10.5%. The global crop protection industry has been going through a 
challenging phase for the last few quarters as distributors and end customers are destocking high 
channel inventories. Additionally, the market is witnessing pricing pressure given the high base 
of the previous year and aggressive price competition we are seeing from Chinese exporters. 
However, we are witnessing softening of raw material prices which is partially supporting the 
margins. We remain committed to enhance operational efficiencies and reducing costs.  
Based on an increased marketing effort, we are onboarding several new customers and our strong 
pipeline of products are under various stages of evaluation and implementation for our global 
multinational clients. In order to mitigate supply chain risk, we have initiated strategic vendor 
development, diversified our supplier base and implemented backward integration wherever 
possible. This guarantees the availability and price stability of various key starting materials and 
raw materials. Our Panoli multipurpose plant is approaching completion and commissioning has 
begun. We are presently in the stabilization phase, and it is proceeding according to schedule.  
Within our own product segment, we are observing higher than normal inventory levels in the 
market. And the situation is expected to improve towards the end of FY24. The medium-term 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
outlook for our product is positive as end user consumption continues to grow. As part of our 
growth strategy, we are in the process of commissioning the new plant I spoke about earlier, and 
additionally exploring new product opportunities to further expand our business with our global 
customer base.  
On the CDMO front, we continue to receive new enquiries from both existing and prospective 
new customers, and I’ve signed on a few contracts in the last quarter. This demonstrates the 
continued demand for our contract manufacturing and development services. We are focused on 
capitalizing on these opportunities and enhancing our position amongst our global customer 
base.  
Now, I’d like to introduce Manoj Mehrotra, President Pharmaceuticals, who will provide an 
overview of the pharmaceutical division performance. Over to you Manoj. 
Manoj Mehrotra:  
Thank you Sameer and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I will talk about the financials of 
the pharma business first. 
The pharma business reported revenue of Rs.225 crore, EBIT of Rs.10 crores and EBIT margin 
of 4.4%. Reason for sharp decline in pharma revenue on sequential basis was on account of 
reduced demand from CDMO customers on account of higher channel inventory. We have 
witnessed softening of raw material prices which is expected to improve the margin profiles 
towards the second half of the financial year. Also, we expect the channel inventory situation to 
normalize, which implies that the worst of the price erosion is likely behind us. In addition to 
focusing on top line growth, we are also committed to enhancing profitability. We are 
implementing a variety of measures to enhance cost effectiveness and optimize operational 
procedures backed by a healthy pipeline of products with better margin profile.  
On the API business, we are expecting recovery in demand which is expected to improve 
sequentially in upcoming quarters. However, the market is experiencing intense competition and 
high costs inventory in the channel pipeline, leading to pricing pressure. Despite the challenge, 
we have successfully maintained our market share in legacy products. We are continuously 
making efforts to strengthen our presence in new regions such as Japan, Middle East and Latin 
America. Notably, our new product launches in anti-diabetic therapeutic area have gained 
significant traction among global customers. We have a robust pipeline with 8 to 10 products 
under development, and our target is to launch 3 to 4 products by the end of FY24.  
Going forward, we’ll prioritize maximizing API sales by increasing our customer share of wallet, 
expanding new markets, where we have advantages in terms of backward integration, scale and 
technology.  
On the CDMO business, we are looking ahead with anticipation of normalization of the CDMO 
industry towards the end of FY24. As we have mentioned before, CDMO is a long-term business 
that requires time, commitment and patience to establish strong relationships. We maintain a 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
robust pipeline of projects in the CDMO space, and we are in the advanced stages of discussion 
with several global innovator companies. As mentioned previously, we have two opportunities 
in phase three of clinical trial, which are progressing as per plan and likely to get commercial in 
the upcoming years.  
As informed earlier, our API facility in Panoli had received a No Action Indicated, NAI 
compliance status with ‘Zero’ 483 observations from the US FDA. This achievement reflects 
our unwavering commitment to maintain the highest standards of quality, compliance and 
regulatory adherence across all our manufacturing sites. These developments further reinforce 
our position as the leading player in the industry, known for our strict adherence to quality and 
regulatory governance.  
Now, I would like to introduce Mr. Anish Swadi, Senior President of Business Transformation, 
who will provide an overview of our business strategy. 
Anish Swadi: 
Thank you, Manoj and good evening to everyone. 
First, I would like to discuss the Animal Health business update: 
The development of multiple APIs under a long-term agreement with one of our global innovator 
animal health companies, is proceeding as planned. Our new multipurpose facility for animal 
health is on track and is currently undergoing commissioning. We are on track to provide the 
validation batches of the products which are under development to our customer during the next 
few quarters. These validation batches will act as a first step towards commercialization of the 
product portfolio. We are also in discussions with several new global innovator customers to 
provide manufacturing and R&D solutions to them for their current and future portfolio needs 
in the animal health space.  
Overall, to summarize, the long-term prospects will continue to outweigh the short-term 
challenges. We’re continuously working on our transformation journey with promising 
developments in our new product portfolio and focused area geographies. As part of our project 
Pinnacle, we have commenced several initiatives which span from augmentation of customer 
centricity, benchmarking and integrating our business with our ESG principles to enhancement 
of efficiency in manufacturing, supply chain and operations, to ensure that we have long term 
sustainable growth.  
Maintaining our track record with global regulatory agencies, the recent US FDA audit reaffirms 
our commitment to upholding the highest standards of quality compliance and regulatory 
practices across our manufacturing sites. This approval aligns with our diversification strategy 
of expanding our API capabilities to cater to our global customer base.  
Now, I would like to open the floor to Q&A. 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, first question is, if I look at both the, after three decent quarter there is a sequential drop in 
revenues of both the businesses, can you elaborate how much was volume driven which was due 
to destocking and how much was realization drop in both the businesses? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, so for the quarter, if you look at a quarter Y-o-Y, values have grown by as I mentioned too, 
revenues have grown by 2.4%, volumes have dropped by almost 13% for the quarter compared 
to the last quarter. If you look at it sequentially, the revenues are down by 29% and volumes are 
down by 26%. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. So, that’s like a very steep drop.  
Sameer Hiremath: 
I would like to make a comment on that. If you look at historically, our quarter one is always 
our slowest quarter because we take our annual maintenance shutdowns. And this is a time every 
year our quarter one is our slowest and we always have a sequential step wise improvement 
quarter-on-quarter, and this year is no different. So, quarter four to quarter one, comparison is 
not exactly the correct way to compare it, it’s not comparable. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. Sir my second question is regarding if I look at improvement in terms of what we saw this 
quarter, that was the case with a lot of API manufacturers probably Q3 and Q4 of last year, but 
at some chunk of those companies are thinking with reasonable improvements sequentially, can 
you talk a little bit about if we are seeing any green shoots or what’s the guidance you would 
like to give for the whole year because you have not alluded to that at all in your opening 
remarks? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
See, there’s a lot of volatility in the market, I’m not in a position to give any guidance. But as I 
said in the last call as well, we expect a stepwise recovery quarter-on-quarter, and we stick by 
that. And H2 will always be better, significantly better than H1. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. And sir my last question is regarding gross margin because you said raw material prices 
have also gone down, is it fair to assume that our realizations will also drop or have dropped. 
So, how does our pricing model work is it like per kg conversion cost that we get or is it a margin 
that we get because, like our other expenses like electricity, and personnel expenses that will not 
go down, but if your top line goes down because of the realization, and your RM also goes down, 
and if it’s a percentage conversation, it will kind of hit your EBITDA, assuming your gross 
margin remains constant. So, if you can just talk about that a little bit sir? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Basically you are right, this cost is fixed. So, if the volumes do increase, which we expect to 
start happening from the second half of this year, then the EBITDA margins will start improving 
compared to where they are today. From the gross margin perspective, because of softening of 
raw material prices, our gross margins actually improving compared to the same period last year. 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
So, once the volumes do start coming back, we are quite hopeful they will come back from H2 
onwards. The operating leverage to kick in, and the benefits to start accruing to EBITDA from 
H2 onwards. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor an Independent Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
I will ask both questions together and would appreciate the detailed response as far as possible, 
please. Pure play API companies doing complex CDMO and handling difficult chemistry are 
making 30% EBITDA margins in India. Do you think Hikal can get near such margins in future 
and if the answer is 20%, or 22%, kind of range being more sustainable operating margins 
because of the kind of molecules we have, there will always be a China based competition and 
pricing pressure. That’s one, in terms of margins, so 30% possible or not, or whether we believe 
that 20%-22% is the best we could do in future. That’s one and secondly, both Manoj and Anish 
mentioned advanced discussions with global innovators, in their opening remarks. So, in your 
discussions with pharma and chemical customers, do you sense the possibility of setting up a 
dedicated capacities for them, so something like 200-300 KL, or a block itself dedicated to a 
single customer. Thank you. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thanks for that. So, the first question was regarding margins and how we will get, whether you 
will be in the 20% range or will be closer to the 30% range. If you look at the pharma business 
for the new projects and the new products, we’re getting closer to the 24%-25% up of EBITDA 
level, my obviously particular blend because of a legacy for us it may come down to 20% odd 
as a blended. So, our aim is for any new project, we’re targeting 24%- 25% EBITDA. And 
obviously, we’ll strive for even better. For the second question was regarding dedicated capacity. 
We’ve already done that, with a recent client two years ago, we signed a major long-term 
contract, where we set up a large facility for them in one of our sites, and it’s been involved 
multiple products. And they’ve also helped us for the animal health space. And we’re seeing 
similar type of opportunities happen in the human health side as well, and crop as well. So, we 
have already started doing that, we’ve implemented one project which is significant on the 
animal health side, and we’ll try to replicate that in our other parts of our business as well. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Dhelia from Panchatantra Advisors 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
A couple of questions, one is on the debt front, what is the current debt figure that we have, the 
repayment schedule and are we on track of it and secondly, last couple of years we’ve always 
seen something or the other which has held our company back where, we’ve had two or three 
good quarters and something setting us back. So, when can we expect both you could say 
avenues to fire together, and we see good value being created for stakeholders like us over a 
good period of time, rather than just getting it in spurts? 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Sure, I take the second question and I’ll hand over the debt question to my CFO to answer. So, 
you’re right, till December’21 quarter we were showing and unfortunate incident that set us back 
a few quarters are now from a macro external environmental scenario, but we are using this time 
to win lot of new business and put in a lot of operational efficiencies in the organization. So, we 
are quite hopeful that for the second half of this year, we expect both our businesses to start 
firing and we get back to the FY22 type of business where our both businesses are firing, and 
we start getting the businesses to grow again and create value for our long-term investors. I will 
hand over to Kuldeep to answer the debt question. Kuldeep you can answer that. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Just before the debt one, one more follow-up, we’ve had a top line of 2,200 crores in peak and 
with the new CAPEX that we have done, whatever I could make out, with the asset journey we 
are expecting a top line of almost 3,500 odd crores in the near future, when do we expect to hit 
that targets? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
That happens once you reach optimal capacities, that optimal capacity as I said takes two to three 
years post commissioning of the plant which is still a couple of years away from now. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So, the debt are concerned we are very comfortable. And just to inform you, we have not 
borrowed any long-term loan during this quarter and our debt equity is well, well within the 
standard norms. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Can you give me a figure what is the long-term debt or term loan on the books and when do we 
start repaying it. The total debt, long term and short term both. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
We have already started repaying our loans; our term loans are 550 crore and working capital is 
240 crores. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Okay. And when do we start repaying the term loan, the majority of it for the Capex? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
We have already started repaying, some loans we borrowed somewhere in 2019 which is almost, 
maybe in three years we will be repaying. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
And we are not looking at any new fresh debt for new CAPEX that is going to be all internally 
funded? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
No, definitely we will certainly look forward for some debt during this year because we have a 
plan for almost investment of 200 crore in this year. So, it will be 50:50 from the internal accruals 
and 50% from the borrowings, but we have equally repayment also. So, long term total debt 
should not change at the end of March 2024 significantly. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
And what is the cost of funds the long term if you could just share? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Cost of fund has increased, now it’s almost 8.5%. 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Pranay Dhelia: 
8.5%? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, both together the short term and long term. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Vora an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Vora: 
I really wanted to understand better the macro scenario where we have talked about the 
destocking. I understood, but the competition from China like what is happening in the market 
and how aggressive are they and why have realizations dropped so much? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Manoj while you take the pharma part and then I’ll take the crop. 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
The pharma realization, the revenue has dropped more I’ll say because of inventory with our 
CDMO customers, if we really see the split between API and CDMO, API is constantly 
recovering. And if you see the gross margin of Q1 and gross margin over all of last year, we are 
definitely better. And I’m sure as we go along in the year, the gross margins of API business 
will continue to grow, and volumes will also come back.  
CDMO yes, there are some challenges because of inventory with customers. And as we 
mentioned previously, the second half of the year, definitely CDMO Customers will also make 
a comeback, and we will be far better performance in the second half of the year. The second 
part of competition with China, yes, that competition with China remains as before. And 
ultimately, they also have to kind of utilize their capacities and make sure that they sell. But a 
few of our products, we do compete with China, but many of our products basically on the anti-
diabetic segments or some of these CNS segment we do not see much competition from China, 
so it’s a mix of factor there. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. And on the crop side, the Chinese competition is far more severe than the pharma side. 
Because China was predominantly a lot of outsourcing was being done, a lot of capacity for crop 
is being created in China. But we again, we see that kind of normalizing in the next one or two 
quarters, and end product demand and once the season does pick up towards quarter three, we 
expect demand to start coming back and prices to start normalizing. We are a couple of quarters 
away, but by second half of this year, end of Q3 or Q4, we expect demand to come back and see 
our global CDMO clients have also said the same. They have all reiterated their forecast for the 
second half of the year. So, the off takes will start, pick up will start of volumes. 
Aman Vora:  
Got it. And my second question is, what is the current capacity utilization of our plants at the 
company level? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Historically, we used to be about 80%-85%, this quarter it is lower. On the Pharma side, it is 
about 70%-75%, on the crop side it is slightly lower than that. We’re probably in the mid-60s, 
currently but we’ll come back to the 80%-85% level by H2 of this year. 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Aman Vora:  
Got it. And my third question is a little more strategic question where in the last three years from 
that tanker issue at Mahad to a lot of issues that we faced with pollution control boards. So, that 
causes a little bit of a issue for the business in the short term. So, as a management how are we 
strategizing to have lesser instances like these, we come out of them eventually that is very nice, 
but how do we try to reduce such issues strategically? 
Sameer Hiremath:  
If you notice that, this incident also, recent incidence in Panoli, when we went and gave our 
explanation to the GPCB, they were convinced, and that’s why they gave us a revocation before 
the closure notice came into play. It was related to a technical matter of 2021, which was bought 
up because of some other incidents with some other companies with similar products. I don’t 
want to get into the details. But anyway, we convinced, we could technically convince them that 
there was no environmental damage, and we could get the revocation. So, they were convinced, 
but unfortunately, this is the way it’s done, and we have to live with this, and we have 
strengthened our systems which we have done significantly that’s why we could convince them 
that there was no issue and we got the revocation within 15 days. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Sawant from EDM Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Sawant: 
Sir, as we understand from other agrochemical industry players, that industry should start to see 
revival from starting 2024. So, what is your outlook for the next 12 to 36 months and what is the 
update on China plus one strategy? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, we also have the same outlook, second half of this year towards the end of Q3 early Q4 
we expect our demand uptick to start. The good news is that all our products end demand is 
strong and from a medium to long term perspective, this business will continue to grow it’s just 
a little bit of short-term pressure that we are facing for a couple of quarters. The China plus one 
strategy is very much intact, and we continue to see new enquiries and new customers coming 
on board all of them are looking at second option to China. And we are benefiting from that and 
that will only continue going forward. So, the medium to long term, future is still intact, and it 
still looks very bright. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Nahar from Alpha Enterprises. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Nahar: 
My question is more long term. So, if I take a 10-year sort of operating profit margin figure, you 
are almost at 25%-26%, today we are closer to 13%-14%. 10 years is a long enough time to sort 
of look at the company, we have sort of got stuck with a deteriorating operating profit margin 
profile, whereas our competition on a general level across the board, where it be pharma and the 
crop protection and as margins are higher than Hikal. So, just wanted to understand your thinking 
for the next 10 years, are you okay with that 13% operating profit margin, do you expect it to 
move up. And even on a PBT level we are sort of, we almost take two steps forward and three 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
steps behind. So, just wanted your comments for the next sort of seven, eight, ten years, are we 
okay with this, is my thinking incorrect. Just your thoughts on this please. Thanks. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
If you look at, I don’t think it’s been 12% to 13%, it’s been there right now, but if you look at 
till one year ago it was more than 18%-19% margins. We feel comfortable to get the business 
back to the 19% to 20% margin levels over the next couple of years, which will come back. And 
we have delivered on that, and actually no reason why with our new contracts and new product 
mix. Also, a lot of the legacy products we are phasing them out or were replacing them with 
newer generation products. Our dependency on our old contracts and our old products is coming 
down year-on-year. And the new margin product that we are launching and the new contract that 
we’ve acquired, despite having certain challenges that we face from the external environment, 
and customers reaffirming their faith in Hikal and believing in Hikal and being a long-term 
sustainable company shows that we will continue to grow and improve our margins going 
forward. And this is a plan, I am not even talking of 10 years, I am talking of next four to five 
years, we will see a significant uptick in margins, and the operating leverage kicking in as 
volumes increase. And we’ll be able to compete with our competitors and be at the same levels 
as them over the next few years. 
Aditya Nahar:  
I appreciate that Sameer. It’s just that you passed basically every FDA audit, you lost very few 
customers, if any at all it’s just that, that doesn’t reflect in your margins. So, everything is fine 
but the margins that was my question. Four or five years looks like only we think there’s a 
premium to the product, but the margins say another story that was my concern. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Mehta from AP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yash Mehta: 
I would like to ask a question on the animal health side. What is the status update on the CAPEX? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Anish, can you take that? 
Anish Swadi: 
So, right now we’ve invested the capital expenditure into the plant, the plant has been built, we 
are undergoing commissioning, and we have started validation of the product portfolio. So, that’s 
where we are currently. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradyumna Singhania from Rashi Fincorp. 
Please go ahead.  
Pradyumna Singhania: 
I just pretty much had two questions. My first question is, do you think you can reach last year’s 
top line at least this year considering that there are so many macro headwinds, and stuff like that 
and we started on a, I know Q1 is seasonally bad. But do you think we can at least reach to 2200 
top line this year as well. And secondly you mentioned that our plant utilization was around 70% 
to 75% for pharma and 65% for crop protection, but you said if your Panoli plant is going to 
start which has already started, and you’re on the stabilization phase and everything, once that 
comes into operation wouldn’t that get your overall utilization lower? 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, the reason why the utilization is low in quarter one is because of inventory destocking and 
lower volumes currently, as I mentioned. We expect the volume uptick to start from quarter three 
onwards. So, the utilization levels of the existing assets will go back to the 80% odd level, which 
is where we were historically. The new capacities on the animal health and the crop side in our 
sites which are undergoing commissioning will also start adding to our revenues and our margins 
from Q3-Q4 onwards. So, that obviously will be a ramp up, but the existing assets which are 
running at 65% to 75% utilization will go towards 80%-85% level in the next couple of quarters. 
Pradyumna Singhania: 
Okay. So, basically you also said in the start that sequentially you are going to do better do you 
mean quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year sequentially? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I mean, quarter-on-quarter. 
Pradyumna Singhania: 
Okay, all right. So, can you also mention the fact that you think you can reach last year’s revenue 
levels this year? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
It’s currently very difficult to say because of the volatility in the market, after Q2 we will have 
Q2 conference call we will be formally in a better position to answer that question, currently it’s 
difficult to talk about that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Dhelia, from Panchatantra Advisors 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Yes, just a follow up on the CAPEX, Sameer, If you could elaborate how much of CAPEX has 
already been done in the past two years and how much of it is still lined up and subsequently, 
the phase of commissioning, as you said probably Q3, Q4 onwards you will see phases of 
commissioning and gross block being added. So, how much of it is less and how much more you 
foresee in the future? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Kuldeep, you want to answer that? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes. So, we have almost capital WIP as on 30th June close to 400-460 crore. So, large part of 
these two CAPEX which Anish, Sameer mentioned is already over. The trial quantity will start 
from quarter three, quarter four. So, that’s why the CAPEX expenditure cash flow is concerned. 
The large part is already done, we expect another 100 crores-120 crore in next three quarters. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
You just mentioned some time back that your 200 crore CAPEX lined up for which you need 
100 crores of debt and 100 crores in internal? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Perfectly all right, we have already done in the first quarter. 
Pranay Dhelia: 
Okay, great fine. In which phases do you see this getting implemented and coming into play, 
like revenue to the company? 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Kuldeep Jain: 
So, as I mentioned this, the large part of the CAPEX has already done, its already grounded. So, 
validation quantities will start from the quarter three, quarter four, and it will come on to the 
play. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi, from FinQuest Advisors Private 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
Just continuing the same previous question, can you give some breakup out of this 460 and 
additional 100 towards which segment animal how much, other units how much and what is the 
benchmark, which we need to monitor for performance at some asset down or payback or IRR 
or something for your benchmark when you started the project if you can share, which we can 
keep monitoring. Thank you. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Out of the 460 odd crores about 320 to 330 crores on the crop side and about 140 crores is on 
the pharma side, that is the breakup of the 460 crores. For the asset turn perspective is where we 
view, how to monitor this. If you look at the asset turn, the expected asset turnover of about 1.3 
to 1.4 depending on the type of asset at peak utilization.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor an Independent Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Just one question I have for you and Sammer or maybe Anish can answer. It’s a longer term, so 
question is, what kind of Hikal five to seven years out would you be truly disappointed to see 
based on what you aspire to create as on today. So, for example, if your average consolidated 
margins on a sustainable basis are lower than 25%, and your sales are below 6000 crores by 
2030, would you be disappointed? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Our targets are significantly higher than that. We believe that we can do a bit better than what 
you’re saying. We are definitely will be disappointed if we don’t achieve that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amar from Alf Accurate Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Amar: 
Just wanted to understand, we were talking about this 3000-crore kind of aspirational revenue 
number, let’s say in next two years. So, how much is going to come from the existing asset and 
for other, what is the potential for the existing gross block and what would be the potential for 
the new gross block? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well existing business, 3000 crore is couple of years still. From the current gross block that we 
have if we improve our utilizations and change in product mix we should be getting closer to 
about 2400-2500 crore. So, the new capacity were 500 to 600 crores additional. 

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Amar: 
Okay. So, the new capacity would be then not more than 1.1 time, 1.2 times that is what you’re 
saying?  
Sameer Hiremath: 
No, you’re talking about the next two to three years, because peak utilization will still take three 
to four years for the new capacity. 
Amar: 
Okay. So, basically, you’re saying in two years with existing and the new gross block, we can 
reach to something around 3100 to 3200 crores kind of a turnover? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I don’t want to give any number or number of years, the target of 3000 crores is a few more 
years from now. 
Amar: 
Okay. And let’s say when you’re talking about the improvement in the product mix. So, what 
should be the potential EBITDA margin for the existing gross block? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So, historically we were running our business of 18% to 19% and we expect our current gross 
block to go back to that level and the new projects which will come on stream from next year 
will be higher than that. So, the blended will go on above that. 
Amar: 
Okay. So, when you say higher than that, that would be in the range of 24% to 25% bracket 
correct? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
22% to 24%, 23% in that range. 22%, 23%, 24%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Sawant from ADM Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Sawant: 
Sir, I have two questions. First is, how are we seeing your pricing in the US market end market 
panning out?  
Sameer Hiremath: 
Okay. Manoj, you want to take that? 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
The US generic market from a pharma perspective is definitely improving and that improves 
more on the margin side and as I mentioned earlier, because of lower raw material prices. But 
competition remains intense for US the generic market and that is the reason we are going to 
other markets also now like Japan, or southeast Asia, Latin America. The object is diversifying 
your geography portfolio and come to a gross margin of 45% to 50% on a API.  
Aditi Sawant: 
Okay, sir understood. And the second question is, can you highlight on your generic business? 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
This was mostly on a generic business what I mentioned, CDMO business is totally different 
contracts, kind of business which has different dynamics of long-term relationship with the 
customer.  

 
Hikal Limited 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Jain from Mahaveer Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Sir just wanted to check on the raw material price, how has it been trending over the period and 
do we see it bottoming out?  
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, raw material prices has come down but not as much as finished good prices. But there has 
been some benefit of raw material prices. They have already come down, whether they’ve come 
down to the bottoming out, only time will tell, but they are already quite low, and we don’t 
expect raw material prices to go down significantly below where they are today. So, raw material 
prices are more or less near the lowest, if not the lowest levels right now. 
Pankaj Jain: 
So, this raw material pricing will now happen, and on the margins going forward, will we be 
able to…? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, because there will be some margin expansion in quarter three, quarter four, because there’s 
a lag effect as we have raw material and older inventories, so it takes time to convert to finished 
goods and sell. So, it takes three to four months, there’s a lag always. So, from the end of Q2, 
early Q3 we should start getting some benefits from raw material, as our margins improve. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Hiremath for his closing comments. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone for joining our quarterly earnings call and for your continued 
interest in our company. We appreciate your support as we navigate through the challenges of 
the global business environment. We are well positioned to benefit from the significant 
opportunities considering the current shift in the global supply chain and the diverse capability 
built over the period of the past three decades. We are optimistic that the journey of longer-term 
sustainable growth and improvement in profitability is still very much intact. As we conclude 
this call, we want to assure you that we are here to address any further questions or concerns. 
Please feel free to reach out to any of us or our Investor Relations partners, Strategic Growth 
Advisors and once again, thank you for your participation and support. Have a very good 
evening. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Hikal Limited that concludes this conference call. 
We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
