 
29th May 2023
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd.,  
     National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
1st Floor New Trading Ring 
 
     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Rotimda Building  
 
 
     Plot No.C/1, G Block, 
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
 
 
     MUMBAI – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532899  
 
      
     Scrip Code: KSCL 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub:   Transcript – Kaveri Seed Q4 & FY 2022-23 Results Conference Call on  
           Wednesday, 24th May, 2023 – Reg., 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find attached herewith Transcript of Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q4 & FY 2022-23 Results Conference Call made on Wednesday, 24th May, 2023.  
 
The transcript and audio is uploaded on the Company’s website as well on below link:  
 
https://www.kaveriseeds.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KAVERI SEED COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
SREELATHA VISHNUBHOTLA 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl: a/a. 
                                                      
                              
 
Sreelatha 
Vishnubhotla
Digitally signed by 
Sreelatha Vishnubhotla 
Date: 2023.05.29 
17:33:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
Q4 and FY’23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MITHUN CHAND –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KAVERI SEED COMPANY LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMA NAIDU – INTELLECT IR – KAVERI SEED 
COMPANY LIMITED 
 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kaveri Seed Company's 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions at the end of today’s presentation. Please note that this conference 
will be recorded. Joining us today on this call is Mr. Mithun Chand, 
Executive Director. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. First list of such considerations, please refer to the earnings 
presentation. 
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Mithun Chand. Over to you, sir. 
Mithun Chand: 
Thank you. Good evening, and welcome everyone to our quarter 4 and 
financial year '23 earnings conference call. We hope you have had a chance 
to review the presentation of our results, which is also available on our 
website. I will touch upon the operational and functional performance of the 
company and then open the floor for the question-and-answer session. 
We are delighted to declare a good set of numbers for the year on account of 
realizing good growth in both volumes and revenues. Both Cotton and Non-
cotton segments have equally done well during the year and we expect the 
same trend to continue in the next couple of years. Maize, Rice, Wheat and 
Vegetable segments continue to do well. And Bajra's growth is very 
encouraging due to increased focus of Government of India by way of 
promoting millets as part of the millets mission. 
New hybrids launched in Cotton and Maize have contributed for increase in 
the volumes and realizations, which has in turn resulted in higher EBITDA 
margins during the year, and the same trend would continue in the next 2 to 3 
years. With an increasing number of new variants, we are confident of 
increasing our market share in cotton. The good growth rate in Maize, both in 
terms of volumes and revenues were seen during the current year and the 
trend should continue in the coming years on account of increasing demand 
for both animal feed and biofuel blending demand in the country. 
NITI Aayog has estimated the requirement of ethanol for financial year '26 at 
13.5 billion litres, out of which 50% of the ethanol would be made from 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
maize and rice, and rest from the sugarcane. The biofuel demand would 
increase the demand for industrial use of maize, which can be achieved only 
by increasing acreages in the new and high-yielding hybrids introduced by 
companies like us. 
Financial highlights. Revenues from operations were at INR1000.56 crore as 
compared to INR915 crore in financial year '22, registered a growth of 
9.35%. EBITDA was at INR296.94 crore as compared to INR238.41 crore in 
financial year '22, grown by 24.55%. Net profit was at INR267.04 crore as 
compared to INR208.9 crore in financial year '22, grown by 27.83%. 
EBITDA margin was at 29.68% for the financial year '23 versus 26.09% for 
the financial year '22, increased by 359 basis points. PAT margins were up to 
26.69% for financial year '23 versus 22.83% for the financial year '22, grown 
by 386 basis points. Cash on books stands at INR538 crore as on 31st March. 
Operational highlights. Cotton volumes increased by 7% and revenues 
increased by 2.87%. Hybrid Rice volumes increased by 12.33%. Selection 
Rice volumes grew by 6.18%. Maize volumes increased by 25.61% and 
revenues by 22.37%. The contribution of new products was up from 17.39% 
to 33.87% of volume in Maize. Bajra volumes increased by 25.16% and 
revenues increased by 30.66%. The contribution of new products was up 
from 41.42% to 54.11% of the volumes in Bajra. Vegetable seed sales 
volumes are stable and revenue increased by 3.76%. Vegetable crops like 
Bitter Gourd, Tomato, Okra and Waterman have done well during the year. 
Bihar, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Odisha, Rajasthan, and Telangana are the 
key States for vegetable seed business. Exports continue to be strong. Export 
volume has increased by 35.09% and revenues up by 42.44% as compared to 
the last year. Presently, exporting to Vietnam, Bangladesh, Nepal and few 
countries of Middle East and Africa. Over the past couple of months, 
Government panel has given go ahead to field trials for several GM crops like 
potato, banana cotton besides giving approvals for mustard in the past. I will 
now open the floor for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical 
PMS. 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, thank you for good results. And, sir, thank you for repeated share 
buyback. Sir, I just wanted to get your view on  this financial year, FY '24. So 
what is the expectation in terms of top line and EBITDA? In your judgment, 
you think we can exceed our all-time high revenue of around INR1100 crore 
top line and INR310 crore EBITDA that we did in FY '15? 
Mithun Chand: 
We see a good year ahead. Most of the crops would remain same, side-lines 
of a percentage of 5% plus or minus. We see a good growth rate for 
Vegetables in the coming year. Apart from that, Maize looks very interesting. 
Maize has good scope to grow by seeing the yields and the price. Cotton 
should be a, sidewise. We will be growing in Bajra. Rice and vegetable and 
hybrid rice, the market may grow by 2% to 3%, we'll be growing around 8% 
to 10% in both these segments. Overall, as a company, we see a projection of 
10% to 12% as a top line growth and 15% to 20% as bottom line growth. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay, sir. That is very encouraging. And sir, except for Bajra, in this year 
also, we can see that our volumes in Cotton, Maize, etc., the volumes have 
grown faster than the revenue growth. So that means that there is some price 
derealisation. I mean the realizations went down. So is this trend expected to 
continue? Or is this trend expected to reverse? 
Mithun Chand: 
For example, in cotton, the last year was a very tough year. The realization 
was much lower last year than compared to the previous year. I mean the 
current year was lower when compared to the previous year. Whereas Maize, 
the new hybrids, the revenues were up and the margins were also up. But 
whereas the older hybrid, the revenues and the margins are lower. 
If you see in terms of volume and revenue growth, in Maize, it's more or less 
same, whereas, in Cotton, the volumes have grown by 7%, but the revenues 
are only grown by 2%. So we have seen a slight decline in realizations in the 
cotton. Whereas in the other crops like rice, it's all sideways. From this year, 
we think the realizations will move up as compared to the previous year. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, on the margin side, our margins have increased year-
on-year as you had told us previously. So for this present year, do you think 
that we can go back to 29% margin that we did in FY '21? 
Mithun Chand: 
As also, the EBITDA margins are like 26%. 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, on a consolidated basis, it's around 24% if we take out the other income 
Mithun Chand: 
I'm talking on a stand-alone basis. Stand-alone basis, it's like 24%. Definitely, 
we can see an improvement of at least 1 to 2% points up when compared to 
the previous year. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred 
Equity. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
I had a few questions. Starting with, has the cotton seeds price been revised 
by the government for the current year? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. It's up by 5 to 7%. Absolute prices are INR853. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
INR853, and this is for which variety? 
Mithun Chand: 
All varieties, all BG-II. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
BG-II, okay, and previous year it was? 
Mithun Chand: 
It was close to INR800. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
It was close to INR800. But we realized much lower because we had to pass 
on substantial amount of the increase of last year to the sales channel, if I'm 
not wrong? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. We have not realized, even though the prices were up this year as 
compared to the previous year. We couldn't realize it from the market as there 
was stiff competition and we've given many discounts to the dealer. We have 
realized, that's what I mentioned earlier also, we have realized a lower rate in 
cotton. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. How do you think that will change this year? Do you see again the 
same amount of pressure and us passing on all the incremental increase in 
price to the trade channel? Or do you think we'll be able to retain most of it 
like we used to do in the earlier years? 
Mithun Chand: 
We don't see that sort of pressure this year. This year, the stock is also limited 
as compared to the previous year. And the availability of the seed is also 
limited. We see definitely increase in the realizations as compared to last 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
year. But to what extent? That we can only say as the market evolve. But 
definitely, the realizations will be higher than last year. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Got it. Sir, the next question I had was, we have set up shop in Bangladesh, 
right, through a subsidiary? 
Mithun Chand: 
We were doing business in Bangladesh earlier also. But right now, we are 
setting up a subsidiary company in Bangladesh for the further sales, because 
we are doing business in Bangladesh for the last 5 to 6 years. The results are 
encouraging. So we want to set up our own subsidiary there. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. But Bangladesh is regulatory more advanced when it comes to 
GM crops than India. Is that correct? And if that is correct, do we have 
technologies to cater in Bangladesh because there will be players in 
Bangladesh who are ahead of us. 
Mithun Chand: 
So basically, what we are doing is that we are having our research centres in 
India itself. We are only selling the seeds which are suitable and developed in 
India and then selling it in Bangladesh because we even sell it in the other 
parts of the World. We are trying to place those headwinds in those markets 
and take the market share.  
Now when we start research in Bangladesh down the line, then we will be 
very much competent with the players. Most of the players there are MNC 
players. The same MNCs are present in India as well, we are having the same 
competition here and that we are also giving tough fight for them. So that 
shouldn't be a great difficulty for us to operate on our own in Bangladesh. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood, sir. Sir, the Government is strengthening its own company, 
National Seed Corporation. Are we seeing increasing competition from that 
company? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, National Seed Corporation deals with varieties, whereas we deal 
with hybrids. The majority of our sales are in hybrids. So we don't see any 
competition from them. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, some aggregators, some agri aggregators who 
were very strong and who have recently raised money and got very strong in 
their own businesses, namely DeHaat or be it Agro Star, they have started the 
seed business where they're selling seeds under their own brand. And they 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
have their own seeds business rather than aggregating it from everybody else. 
Before they used to aggregate it from seed companies like yourself. Are we 
seeing them as a threat in the future? 
Mithun Chand: 
We don't see that because in the seed business, capital is not important. I 
mean to say, it's important, but it's just not like if we spend $1 billion, it’s a 
long waiting time, it's requires some larger time for the R&D and it's a high 
entry-barrier business. And the competition, whatever seed companies that 
are there in India, we are there since last 40 to 50 years. It is not easy to 
develop actually in the next 4 to 5 years. And anyone is like setting up a new 
company, then definitely, we'll be competing with them. But it's too early for 
them to take the market share in the next 5 to 6 years. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. The last question from my side. We have HTBT, mustard and 
cotton, which has been approved by the Government. We also have HT 
maize, which was approved by the Government. We have potato, banana also 
approved by the Government. And field trials for some of these crops have 
started. Are we selected for the field trials of any of these crops? 
Mithun Chand: 
Basically, we are not working in any of the GM crops. We are there in cotton. 
We have a tie-up with Monsanto, the current player. Once the government 
approves and someone is there to share the technology, we'll definitely take 
the license and do it. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
But what is the apprehension from the company side. The company has 
capital, the company has scope, and the company has the marketing legs for 
the product. So why the company not backward integrating and putting up is 
own research. So this is simple question that I have. What is the apprehension 
from the company side? 
Mithun Chand: 
We have our own research. We need to develop our best. But whereas GM 
technologies, it's not a very old technology. It's already there in certain 
places. It's just like reinventing the wheel. And it's a high capital-intensive 
business. And when we are able to get the same technology as a license by 
paying some sort of a license fee, we don't want to invest in that. For 
example, it could be Monsanto. We have a license and we can always source 
that license. And Monsanto, there is not the only company who has the GM 
technology. There are N number of players. It's not a monopoly. 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Got it, sir. And what about gene editing, which has been passed in China 
recently for soya, if I'm not wrong? That is a newer technology that is also 
available with everybody. 
Mithun Chand: 
CRISPR technology is, again, that's a different one. And that does not come 
under GM crop. We are working on that. We are working with a company, 
but it will take some time. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. So that you are working by ourselves, for ourselves? 
Mithun Chand: 
So there are other companies are there. We are adding some sort of a tie-up, 
but it will take a longer time to get some seal off on that. But in traditional 
breeding and that marker-assisted breeding activity, we are having our own 
research, and we are able to get good hybrids in that. But that's a technology 
which we are already concentrating on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udhayaprakash from Value Research 
India Private Limited. 
Udhayaprakash: 
Yes, sir. I have 2 questions from my side. The first is, as we see, we have 
seen good growth in our exports, both volume-wise and revenue-wise. So can 
you please tell us what is the percentage of export revenue of the total 
revenue for FY '23 and FY'22? The number available? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. Last year, it was like 1.4%. This time, it is slightly closer to 2% of the 
revenue. 
Udhayaprakash: 
Are we seeing any growth going forward in the export market as we are 
pushing for it? Or is this completely without any push and growing 
organically? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see in the presentation also, we said that we are exploring other parts 
of the World. And definitely, export is a very big market. Seed business, even 
it takes longer time to develop a hybrid, and even after developing hybrid to 
farmer to believe and to trust the hybrid, it takes a longer time. So that’s the 
time we are taking it. We are in initial stages of, like, export market, and we 
are very bullish on exports. And that will be a decent contributor going 
forward to the revenues. 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Udhayaprakash: 
So next year, we can expect the same 2% to 2.5% of the revenues from 
exports? 
Mithun Chand: 
So we're fairly expanding it. We can't say the absolute number because even 
other segment, even as a main company, whereas growing at 10% to 12%. So 
that, we should grow at 20%, 25% there. But we have plans to grow. The 
base is very small. But we have plans to grow and definitely that's a good 
area where we are focusing on. 
Udhayaprakash: 
Okay, sir. My next question is on Selection Rice side. It has just put a flattish 
growth this year. So is this due to the lower realizations? Or are there any 
other headwinds during the year? 
Mithun Chand: 
This year was a tough year in terms of the realizations in some crops. This is 
a major product that we deal with, maize and rice. It was a tough year. Even 
though there was a slight increase in the volume, the realizations were at 
lower side. But this year, I think the realizations will be on higher side as 
compared to the previous year. But even though, this year, overall as a 
company, the EBITDA margins have increased because we have a good year 
in Bajra and Sunflower. 
Even though Sunflower contributes lower, but the margins were really good 
in Sunflower. So the advantage of our company is that we have a huge 
product portfolio. When we have tough conditions in 1 crop, another crop 
will compensate. So in that way, we are able to maintain and increase our 
realizations. It's the nature of the business, one year it will be tough, one year 
it will be okay. So in that way, there isn't much to bother about it. 
Udhayaprakash: 
Okay, sir. My final question is on contribution of Cotton and Non-cotton 
growths. In the last 5 to 6 years, the revenues of Non-cotton as a percentage 
of total revenue has improved dramatically. It was 42% in FY '19, and right 
now in this year, 62%. Are we still trying to expand this portion? Or we 
trying to find a balance at this moment? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you recollect, we were saying that from '14, '15, which was a peak year for 
us in terms of the revenues, the cotton contributed to more than 75% of our 
revenue. From that day, we were saying that the dependence of the cotton 
will go down and non-cotton growth will increase. And going further, non-
cotton will contribute more to our growth. That's what we see now. Even now 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
from going forward, both Cotton and Non-cotton has equal potential to grow 
in the company. So I think that the 30-70 combination will be there for a 
couple of years going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Capital. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
A couple of questions on my side. One, in your opening address, you 
mentioned that the rice market should probably grow about 2% to 3%. But 
you believe you can significantly outgrow the market. Just wanted to get a 
sense, I mean, what's driving this confidence given the difficult year we've 
had and realizations have also taken a significant hit? 
Mithun Chand: 
If you see the current year also, the markets were flat or it were down 1% to 
2% as compared to the previous year. Even in the tough conditions, we were 
able to grow in both in terms of the revenues and in terms of the volumes, 
both in Hybrid Rice and Selection Rice. This year, we see a slight increase in 
the market, but our hybrids are doing well. The new varieties, which we have 
introduced both in Selection Rice and In Hybrid Rice are doing well. And we 
are confident that we can definitely grow in these 2 segments this year as 
well. As I said in the earlier remarks itself, last year was a bit tough year in 
terms of the realizations, but we don't see that sort of difficulty this year as of 
now. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. So is this confidence incumbent on your placements currently? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes, the placements are in line with our anticipation. We are in line with that. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. The second question is on cotton acreages, right? I mean overall, the 
outlook for cotton is rather sober. So just wanted to get your sense, what's 
your view on acreages? It's a big crop contributing in Q1 for you. So how 
placements there, especially considering globally the prices have come off 
significantly from where we were at the same time last year? 
Mithun Chand: 
What we see, the cotton area acreages should remain flat or like, I don't see 
much of an increase in the acreages this year as compared to the previous 
year because the other crops are doing well. So as a company, we are only 
anticipating 5% to 10% book in cotton with this. But even the other crops, 
like in Maharashtra, soya is also, the prices are not that great. That's the only 
point where we need to look at it, the timely rainfall, then that will move for 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
the groundnut. Otherwise, if the rainfall is delayed, then that might move to 
the cotton. Otherwise, in a normal year, the acreages should remain flat for 
cotton. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. The third question is what was the customer advances figure as on 31st 
March '23? 
Mithun Chand: 
It's like INR160 crore or INR170 crore, just I'll reconfirm about the figure. 
But right now, we are discouraging advances in the last 3 to 4 years. As we 
are realizing low, we are not taking advances from the market. We're not that 
aggressively pushing it. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. The third question is on your bajra and sunflower business. I mean, 
how big are each of these products? And what was this number for FY '22? 
Mithun Chand: 
Sunflower, we've done close to INR30 crore in FY23, as compared to INR12 
crore in FY22. And the realizations were very good in Sunflower. Bajra also, 
we were like INR 19 crore in FY23 , as compared to Rs. 14 crore in FY22. 
So overall, we see Bajra will grow going forward. Bajra has the potential to 
be INR 100 crore next year, whereas Sunflower should remain same or 
sideways from this year, what we have sold. We don't see any much growth 
in Sunflower this year. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Got it. And the last is the INR133 crore of CWIP on the balance sheet. I 
mean, is this the R&D building or is there something more to it? And how 
should we see it for getting commissioned, the INR133 crore of CWIP on 
balance sheet? 
Mithun Chand: 
There are couple of things which are there in that. One is the office building, 
new office building, which we took, that's one; the property, which is out 
there. One plant, which is also there. We have set up a processing plant and 
cold storage and warehouses, that's 1 part. And the other one is the R&D 
building. It's a combination of all. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. And all of that should be capitalized in FY '24, correct? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes, some are like the plant and office should be operational. But R&D may 
take some time. 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. Just last question. How do you see the placements this year versus the 
year before? 
Mithun Chand: 
The placements are good as compared to previous year. We're in line with the 
placements, with their estimates, and we don't see any difficulties as of now 
in terms of the placements. But nothing has gone into, see, ground as of now, 
but placements are there, but it all depends on the rainfall. That's a regular 
activity for us and we'll get a clear picture once the monsoon starts. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Got it. And given the soft outlook on Cotton, would it be fair to presume that 
it's a little more skewed towards Non-cotton? 
Mithun Chand: 
Definitely. Going forward as the Non-cotton portfolio is a very big portfolio, 
and you have many crops in that, and every crop has got a huge scope to 
grow. But what I said in the initial is that cotton to non-cotton should be like 
30-70 going forward because we see that we cannot go below this cotton 
bracket. And we have very good pipeline as well, which are coming. So we 
have a potential to grow to that 80 lakhs to, like, 1 crore in the next 3, 4, 5 
years whenever ready. So that's the reason we said that even cotton is a crop 
that will grow going forward. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Because that would entail almost doubling your volumes from the current 
levels? 
Mithun Chand: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade from Dream Ladder 
Investment Advisors. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
My first question is regarding the other current liabilities, which have 
actually gone up from INR296 crore to INR366 crore. So what is that on 
account of? 
Mithun Chand: 
One is the payables to the production farmers. That is a major chunk in that. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. And also during this year, our biological assets have gone up by almost 
40%. So how should we look at it? And what kind of benefit we can expect to 
accrue in the coming years from this? 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Mithun Chand: 
Nothing is there. Whatever you're talking about, the biological assets, are 
basically the inventories. And we are anticipating more, so the inventories are 
also up. That's the only part. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, regarding our revenue in the sense that if we see our 
revenues has been more or less stuck in the same range for the last 4 to 5 
years. So what kind of medium-term target or vision we have for the business 
so that, as an investor, we can take a more favourable look at the growth 
profile of the company? 
Mithun Chand: 
I don't think it has been stagnant for the last 4 to 5 years. In fact, if you see 
this year, revenues are up by 20% and profitability is up by more than 25%. I 
agree that if you take in the last 7 to 8 years, the trend was flattish. But if you 
see in the other way, the cotton prices were down, cotton volumes are down, 
cotton acreages are down, and which was contributing 75% to 80% of our 
total revenues. That is almost like 30% to 35% now. 
So the other way to see is that we have grown in non-cotton crops to 
compensate the degrowth of cotton. But from this point where we see both 
the crops going forward, we see a revenue growth. Then definitely, we see 
revenue growth from here. Even in fact, we said that 10% to 12% in the top 
line and 15% to 20% in the bottom line growth. That should be what we are 
anticipating, and that should continue. And we are very bullish on the long-
term growth, as well for the next midterm for the next 3 to 5 years, we will 
see this level of growth. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, what kind of utilization plans we have for the cash and 
investment that we have because we've completed one buyback? Now I just 
wanted to understand our dividend policy in the coming years. 
Mithun Chand: 
So we're a dividend paying company for the last 15 years since the time of 
listing and we have done buybacks in the last 5 years. If you see the cash in 
hand numbers in the last  five years from 2014 to '15, it’s between INR300 
crore to INR400 crore or INR500 crore of cash. And whatever we have 
generated, we have distributed that to the shareholders, whatever free cash we 
generated. So that should be our policy going forward. 
At the same time, if we see any opportunity in terms of the technology or in 
terms of any company acquisition, in terms of the R&D related or in terms of 

 
Kaveri Seed Company Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
any strategic investment for the company, we are open for that. If we don't 
see any opportunity, we don't want to hold back the cash we want to give it to 
the shareholders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equity. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
So I wanted to understand the menace of illegal cotton seeds this time 
around. Is this still around? Is it still as big as it was last year and the year 
before that? Or has it been tamed? 
Mithun Chand: 
Illegal seeds is even there now, but the awareness among the farmers and 
from the government, they are very strict in terms of the illegal seeds. So in 
terms of the percentages, I don't see it will increase. In fact, it should come 
down as a percentage as compared to the previous years. 
Moderator: 
As we have no further questions, we thank you all for joining this call. For 
any further queries, please contact Mr. Rama Naidu from Intellect IR. He can 
be reached on 9920209623. On behalf of Kaveri Seed Company Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
Mithun Chand: 
Thank you. 
