 
 
 
3rd June, 2023
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G, 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: HPL  
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda  Building,  
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 540136 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir 
 
This is with reference to the intimation dated 27th May, 2023 made by the company about the 
Conference Call scheduled for Investors/Analysts on Tuesday, 30th May, 2023 at 1:00 PM IST. 
A copy of Transcript of the conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed 
herewith and the same is also available on the Company’s website i.e.  www.hplindia.com.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For HPL ELECTRIC & POWER LIMITED 
 
 
 
Vivek Kumar 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
VIVEK 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by VIVEK KUMAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=843789a316e07f6469eb
839bf4bb8c0ce664ac7c71338f47
3327e4762ef762a9, 
postalCode=110095, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=052767230d5f1c4
4b1c2164eefdb84f2c760ac73599
49d646e7ce9b91f23d372, 
cn=VIVEK KUMAR, 
email=hplcs@hplindia.com 
Date: 2023.06.03 14:42:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“HPL Electric & Power Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2023  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAUTAM SETH - JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CFO 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the HPL Electric & Power Limited Q4 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gautam Seth - Joint Managing Director & CFO of HPL 
Electric & Power Limited for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Gautam Seth: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to HPL Electric & Power Limited earning 
call for the fiscal year 2023.  
 
As we reflect on the financial performance of FY '23, I am pleased to share that HPL Electric & 
Power has showcased its commitment to delivering committed performance to our stakeholders.  
 
This year has been marked by significant milestones and achievements. We have experienced 
robust growth in our revenue from operations with an increase of 25% to reach 1,262 crores 

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
compared to the previous fiscal year. This growth signifies our ability to seize market 
opportunities and capitalize on a strong position in the industry. 
 
At HPL, we believe in empowering a vision that is environmentally conscious, technologically 
advanced, and energy efficient. Our comprehensive portfolio of electrical solutions has 
positioned us as a trusted partner for utilities, businesses, and communities across the country. 
Moreover, our focus on operational efficiency and cost optimization has yielded fruitful results.  
 
Our reported profit after tax has witnessed exceptional growth surging by a staggering 287% to 
reach 30 crores in FY '23. This achievement showcases the effectiveness of our strategies and 
initiatives in maximizing bottom line performance. The reduction in inventory days by 38 days 
in FY '23 also reflects our focus on optimizing working capital management. By efficiently 
managing inventory levels and monitoring accounts receivables, the company is enhancing its 
ability to meet short-term obligations while supporting future growth initiatives. 
 
Our journey towards sustained growth and profitability is led by a dedication towards 
innovation, operational excellence, and higher standards of quality. We take pride in our strong 
capacity and expertise in catalysing the growth of smart metering and consumer electrical 
products in India.  
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic and well positioned to tackle the emerging market 
opportunities. A robust order book of 1,500 crores not only strengthens our revenue visibility 
but also serves as the foundation for substantial growth in the coming years.  
 
Thank you once again for joining us today. I now open the floor for any questions you may have. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
Sriharsha, an investor. Please go ahead.  
Sriharsha: 
I would like to know what are the other opportunities available in smart electric meter and 5G?  
Gautam Seth: 
So, we are seeing a big opportunity in the smart metering. And if you see the government has 
been talking a lot on this. And subsequently, we have seen the schemes of RDSS and the DB 
foot which has come out with a view to, you know, implement smart metering across the country, 
and the government has been continuously talking about 25 crore meters to be installed.  
 
And likewise, we have seen a lot of inquiries and orders of late coming out across the country. 
So, if you see the way the metering market is moving that most of the states are today either 
evaluating or either they have come up with tenders or many of them have even finalized tenders, 
and maximum of the meters getting finalized have happened in the last six months.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
So, if you look at HPL Electric, we are currently sitting on an order book of over 1,550 crores, 
and over 80% of these are meters, and out of the meter orders what we have, you know, over 
75% are the smart meter orders.  
 
So, in a way, you know, as a country and as an industry, we are seeing a big change happen 
where the industry is going to grow multi-fold with huge demand coming in, and we would 
believe that this would really bring in a lot of much needed energy efficiency and reforms in the 
sector where the T&C losses would be cut. And as HPL, you know, our preparedness to meet 
this kind of an opportunity is present in terms of having capacity, being technologically 
advanced, and abreast with the needs of the requirement of the smart meter, so everything we 
have in place today is helping us to garner sales and orders going forward. 
Sriharsha: 
Sir, how much is the installed capacity as of now? And what are the orders which you are 
expecting in '24, financial year '24? 
Gautam Seth: 
So, it's almost, I think, the installed capacity in energy meters is almost 11 million units, but a 
lot of these capacities are scalable. So, in a way, like in the last two quarters, we have seen a 
stronger execution by HPL, and even going forward, you know, on a quarter-to-quarter basis, 
we hope to see that improvement happen, because right now the orders are there.  
 
So, in terms of numbers, I think we are probably doing over 60%, 70% of our capacity, but I 
think, as I said, this is scalable capacities, and in some backend operations, we are either, you 
know, putting in a lot of automation to bring in much better efficiencies or even to enhance the 
output.  
Sriharsha: 
And then another question. For the EBITDA margin of 1.43% which you have recorded for '23, 
are you going to improve for the EBITDA margin, or we are going to have the same margin for 
the financial year '24? 
Gautam Seth: 
No, you are talking about only for the EBIT margin for the meters or EBITDA as a company?  
Sriharsha: 
Yes. As a company. 
Gautam Seth: 
As a company, I think, our EBITDA margins are currently around 12%. Yes. But, you know, 
although we are now seeing a much more stable environment in terms of the commodity pricing 
and other things, but I think going forward on the EBIT level, first, I will take that up. On EBIT, 
we might see certain improvement in the meters, but broadly, I would say the 14% that we have 
in  Q4 is something which will probably continue during the year. In the consumer and industrial 
around 12% should be the EBIT. So, overall, with the meter doing a little higher share in the 
coming future, we may see a slight improvement, but broadly, we hope to keep the margins, we 
hope that the margins would be at those levels.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Diksha Patel, an investor. Please go ahead.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Diksha Patel: 
I have a few questions regarding export growth. Could you give us a detailed overview of HPL's 
growth on exports over the last quarter? And has this performance met our expectations? And 
are there any products or regions that are contributing significantly to this growth? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes. So, you know, in terms of the order book, our exports, I would say, we did achieve what 
we were looking at. But in terms of the supplies, definitely, I think they got postponed due to 
various factors, but overall, the last two, three years have seen a, I would say, sufficiently 
reasonably good growth in terms of export and more so a lot of work has been done in reaching 
out to various countries, and I think that is something which is going to help us more in the 
future.  
 
We have also worked on, you know, getting certifications done for certain of our products which 
are country specific or some in general, which are to the international standards having a wider 
applicability across the globe. So, a lot of work has been done. I would say, the last year sales 
of exports have been normally, you know, flat, if you look at the earlier year, but going forward, 
we are again, we are hopeful that this year we should see a much better growth and with certain 
countries we did face certain issues on more on the FOREX and other things, but I think that's a 
global phenomenon. But overall, I think we hope to see a good growth.  
 
In terms of regions, we are focused on the Middle East and Africa. Africa is a big potential for 
us and our penetration going forward is going to increase much more in Africa. We have, in fact, 
recently participated in a couple of international exhibitions in Germany and in Dubai, and I do 
hope that that will bring in good results for the coming year.  
 
Our focus, otherwise, is also on the south countries, and a lot of business today is coming in 
where people are, you know, you are aware that there is a like a plus one strategy that a lot of 
international customers are looking at where they look at India as a good sourcing base. And I 
think with our, as HPL, with our very strong backward integration in terms of design, 
development, manufacturing, and being very cost effective, I think that is again going to see a 
lot of traction in the coming years.  
 
So, we do have a lot of big customers internationally who are in touch with us who are looking 
to source out materials as an OEM. So, this is again a big opportunity, and we are pursuing that, 
and I think definitely, we hope to see some good results in the coming year.  
Diksha Patel: 
Thank you for that. And how do we plan to manage potential risk related to currency fluctuations 
and its impact on export revenue? 
Gautam Seth: 
So, till now, you know, the currency has been moving up. So, it's always been a positive for the 
export for us, but I think in terms of because largely the commodity pricing for manufacturing 
is all again based on the FOREX. So, as such, you know, our aim is, in a way, we are not looking 
at making gains only on the currency part. So, I think that's not something which would affect 
our normal business.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Till now, the way the currency has been moving in the last three years, it's always helped us to 
improve our realization in a bit, but not more because the basic commodities are again, as I said, 
are again pegged to the dollar. So, the copper, the industrial plastics, everything else, what goes 
into making the products is also there. So, there is not a, I don't see any gain, but maybe a small 
accounting gain may happen quarter-to-quarter somewhere.  
Diksha Patel: 
My next question is regarding competition. How are we positioned in the market relative to our 
competitors? And what sets us apart in the industry? And what measures are we taking to 
maintain our competitive advantage in the market? 
Gautam Seth: 
You know, this has to be seen with respect to both our segments separately. So, when we look 
at the metering and systems, here the business is mainly tender driven. And here, of course, we 
have a good market leadership, but there are few players in that, and the business is tender driven 
because the bulk of the supplies are to the utility. So, here, of course, our competitive edge if 
you see comes in from our control over the technology.  
 
We have over 125 people in R&D who are doing R&D apart from the smart metering, we are 
also on the, you know, we have people always working on the Software, on the communication, 
on the complete infrastructure what goes with the smart metering. So, there that's our strengths, 
our manufacturing capacity, our ability to have a, I would say, a low-cost product meeting the 
standards and the specifications.  
 
So, we as HPL, we have been working on a lot. And we also leverage our, you know, because 
we are into wider products with seven factories. So, we do have a lot of coverage within the 
group itself including in terms of manpower, in terms of specializations. So, that is how it is.  
 
When we look at the consumer electrical part, we are looking to expand our reach. We are 
working on our expanding the distribution network wherein our retailers, you know, just about 
two years back we kept the target to reach 100,000 retailers. We are almost there now at 45,000, 
but I think in the next one and a half years, we are hopeful of reaching that figure. So that's a 
continuous process.  
 
Our branch managers are also back now post the COVID. You know, there were some falls, but 
then again, if you look at the past year, we have spent over 2%, I think 2.2% to be exact on the 
advertising and the promotion, the business promotion. So, definitely we are looking at it.  
 
A very strong point in HPL has always been the technology and the product itself. So, anybody 
we believe who uses our product definitely comes back. So, that is one factor which really puts 
HPL quite ahead of its competition, although we really need to work more on the brand, we 
really need to work more on the reach, and then grow the numbers.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Diksha Patel: 
My last question to you is  regarding a plant capacity. So, with the increasing demand for your 
products, how does HPL plan to ensure sufficient capacity? And have there been any reasons to 
plan investment in expanding manufacturing capabilities to meet the demand?  
Gautam Seth: 
You know, we have always maintained we have sufficient capacities in terms of all the products, 
but now our plate especially in the year which is just ended in the FY '23, we have seen the 
capacity utilization improved across all our product ranges. So, this year again, we don't see any 
major CAPEX to happen, although certain routine and maintenance CAPEX would continue.  
 
In terms of, you know, the way we are seeing the demand, I think we are fully well, you know, 
prepared in our readiness to meet the increased demand whether it is in switchgears or in meters, 
even wire and cable. So, I think we have a sufficient amount of capacity to go ahead. And this 
year going forward, we are seeing a good amount of growth even going forward.  
 
Last year, you know, the people will recall that we had talked about a double digit over 20% 
growth, and I think overall at the end of the year, we have achieved almost 25% growth. So, 
going forward, again, we have a similar kind of a growth that we expect, and the capacities that 
we currently have is fairly sufficient to meet the demand.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Priya Jain, an investor. Please go ahead.  
Priya Jain: 
I would like to congratulate the management on the excellent results. I had a couple of questions. 
I might have joined a bit late, but if you could just give me a snippet. My first question was on 
if you could give me a breakdown on the revenue growth within both the consumer and industrial 
segments? How have the recent product launches affected the revenue growth in both the 
consumer and industrial segment?  
Gautam Seth: 
If you see the out of nearly 600 crores, if you see almost 70% of the C&I segment what we have 
is on the consumer part and 30% is on the industrial part. So, now just to give you a drive down, 
we in Consumer and Industrial, we have switchgears, we have wire and cables, and then we have 
the lighting. And so almost 70% of it is more on the consumer side and 30% on the industrial, 
but also the industrial, the major supplies are again going in through the dealers and distributors, 
although our teams are working on the approvals and doing the generation of secondary demand, 
but most of the segment goes in through the dealer and distributor segment. 
 
Now in terms of product launches, you know, there have been within these verticals what we 
have, within the four, five verticals what we have comprising of the meters or switch gear, 
lighting, wire cable or even solar products, most of every division has been launching some 
products on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In fact, in February '23, we had the ELECRAMA, which 
is one of the biggest electrical players in the country, in fact, now probably one of the biggest 
across the globe. There were a lot of launches which the company has done, but this is all 
segment wise.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
So, there were new kinds of cables. There were a lot of new lighting both in industrial or even 
in the consumer side. Switchgear has seen a lot of new products, new models coming in. And 
so, this has been a continuous process in HPL, and definitely the revenues what you see even as 
they are there, so that does contribute. So, we don't specifically kind of just monitor. Maybe 
individually the divisions are but broadly, that is required to ensure the future growth coming in 
there.  
 
Also, because of our own R&D and our own testing labs and other things, we are also having a 
lot of new products which are modified for individual markets. So, like if you look at the 
requirements even in India, some coming from the government or some specially certain real 
estate developers have some special requirements in terms of distribution boards or certain mini 
panels that they would want or even across going to different countries where people are looking 
at special products, so we do have the capability of adjusting and modifying the products to 
come out with the requirements as per the customers.  
Priya Jain: 
So, are we expecting a similar kind of impact in the next quarter or growth expectations on the 
consumer and the industrial segment in the coming year? 
Gautam Seth: 
I would say, we are hopeful for better growth. If you see last year and in fact, you know, if you 
see the last three years, we have seen two years of a very strong growth coming in from the 
consumer and industrial segment, almost over 20% plus in the two years. Last year, somewhere 
in the end of second quarter and the third quarter, we have seen certain slowdown. We did see a 
slowdown in the general consumer market. The offtake was lower, and so that there we have 
seen a slight drop. But if you especially look at the quarter-on-quarter growth, from Q3 to Q4, 
the consumer and industrial segment has seen a good growth. Well, I think over 25% growth 
quarter- on-quarter. So, definitely, in the effort, we have seen the C&I segment really come back. 
 
Now, going forward, we definitely look at, at least a good double-digit growth for this segment 
going forward. So, our internal target is to ensure that the sales of Q1 at least matches the sales 
of Q4, because Q4 is normally the strongest quarter in the year. So, at least if we do that, I think 
we should be well on track for getting good growth in this segment as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. A question comes from Priya Jain, an investor. Please go ahead.  
Priya Jain: 
I have another question regarding the smart meter. Could you provide an overview of the 
performance of the meter segments in the month of March? 
Gautam Seth: 
I will just broad base it. I will give you for the whole quarter. If you see, you know, the smart 
meters, as I said a while ago, we have started seeing a good execution. The orders currently as 
you speak are over 1,270 crores. So, the order book in meters is strong. The inquiry is currently 
what we are talking about are well in excess of over 10,000 crores. In fact, if you consider even 
all the AMISP requirements and all, the requirements are even much larger than that. So, overall, 
you know, the inquiries are large.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
In terms of our performance, we have done almost 180, I think about 180 plus crores in the 
segment. So, in a way, it's been a gradual increase almost quarter-to-quarter, and year-to-year in 
the overall year, we have grown almost 50%. And even going forward, we would see a good 
growth, especially in the smart meter segment.  
Priya Jain: 
I just had one last question regarding the 5G infrastructure with HPL. What role does the 
company anticipate playing in the transformation? And how is the 5G rollout impact HPL's 
product roadmap particularly with respect to the smart devices and log solutions?  
Gautam Seth: 
In terms of, you know, if you look at the 5G infrastructure, which is coming up, we have a couple 
of products which are well suited for those requirements. And here certain switchgears are there, 
but mainly, we have the cables which are growing. So, we did at one time inform that we would 
be anticipating almost 100 crores to 150 crores of orders in the near future, and I think rightly 
so we have already got orders of over 50 crores to 70 crores, which we have kind of executed or 
they are under execution, and a lot of new orders are expected.  
 
So, this is, of course, a, it's part of a strategy which we adopted about four years back where we 
were for 4G to most of the telecom players and now again doing it for the 5G. So, that focus has 
been maintained, and we do see a good demand coming up. So, probably for the next two years, 
the demand should increase, but in the short term also, this year as well, we would definitely 
have a good turnover coming in from the 5G opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Abhijit Sinha with Pi Square Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
Sir, you mentioned that out of the 1,500 crores order book that we have currently, about 80% 
comes from the meter, smart meter business, right? What about the consumer business? Are we 
not planning to grow that capacity in the future? Sir, the consumer business, are we planning to 
grow that based on growth in this quarter? 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes. You know, you have to see the nature of business. If you look at the utility business where 
normally the smart meters are going, we get in orders which have a schedule of let's say, you 
know, from six months to almost two years. So, there is definitely a lot of order book that we 
see there on the books.  
 
In fact, now, the way we look at the details, we would see a big pileup of orders in the next one 
to two years. So, a huge order book would be coming in, and then that would be executed over 
the next 12 to 24 months. That is how it is. 
 
In the consumer and the industrial business, here the orders come in on a day-to-day basis. So, 
normally, this business does not have a pileup of orders, but if you look at our pure consumer 
electrical products, almost on a daily basis we have the orders coming in, and they get executed. 
So, the nature of business is like this.  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
But going forward, although smart meter has a very strong opportunity, which we are encashing, 
but even the consumer and industrial, our focus remains very strong, and we do expect a good 
growth this year as well. So, just to say the order book in consumer and industrial is not indicative 
of the business potential or the future business. The orders will come in on a day-to-day basis. 
 
But that does not happen for the smart meters. Yes. There it takes time. From the inquiry stage 
up to the orders, normally, it's a three months or six months’ time until the orders are finalized. 
So, immediately they don't get repeated as well, you know, it takes time now.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
Sir, when we loot at 5G cables, that comes under the consumer category or the metering?  
Gautam Seth: 
No, that comes under the consumer part because the wire and cable gets clubbed in, so more on 
the industrial part you can say that. Yes, because that is like an institutional supply. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
We mentioned that we are seeing a 100 crore to 150 crore opportunity here.  
Gautam Seth: 
Yes.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
Our quarterly revenue over there from that segment is about 170. So, isn't it not that significant 
comparatively, sir? 
Gautam Seth: 
No. You know, the orders of 5G started off somewhere in Q3 of last year, and they would 
continue. So, we had said that we expected almost more than 100 crores, or 150 crores spread 
over next 18 months. So, they will go on for a longer time, and even their off take is dependent. 
But yes, maybe we have 10 crores, 15 crores plus going in every quarter. That is how we will 
see the future off take happening.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
And sir, you mentioned that the 1,500-crore order book that we have, that's executable over the 
next two years, right? Sir, the order book that we have of 1,500 crores at the moment, that's 
executable in the next two years, right?  
Gautam Seth: 
Yes.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
Over here if I am seeing that metering segment has grown by about 30% this quarter, but it has 
hampered our margins as well. So, what kind of margin should we be expecting from this 
segment going forward?  
Gautam Seth: 
The EBIT margins, you know, if you look at right now the order book, a lot of the last two 
orders, the big orders that we have reported are more to the AMISPs under the RDSS scheme. 
So, they probably would have better margins, but the implementation of these where the impact 
would come would start from the second half, you know, maybe Q3 and Q4 of this year because 
most of these big orders which come in, it takes six to eight months to get them started, get the 
integrations done and do that. Right now, I would say, maybe we kind of continue to have our 

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
margins around 14%, 15%, but we are hopeful that once the bulk of the rollout is happening 
under the AMISP to the AMISPs under the RDSS, that there the margin improvement would 
happen definitely. And so that should probably kick in sometime in the second half of the year 
or probably even spilling into the next year.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
So, what kind of numbers should you be expecting? Right now, I think we ended the year at 
about a 14% margin in this business.  
Gautam Seth: 
In meters, I would say about 14% what was in Q4. Initially, yes, around 14% to 15% I would 
say that. In the consumer part, it could be about 12% EBIT margin.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
I am saying so that the 14% and 12 % that you mentioned just now, it is what we had in FY '23 
as well. So, I think these margins are going to sustain at the same level. 
Gautam Seth: 
Yes. We hope that that should sustain. Plus, if you look at the overall, you know, the commodity 
pricing, \most of the commodities, the raw material pricing, even the availabilities of the 
electronic component or the ICs, everything right now is quite stable. So, I would say that to 
maintain that would be that is where we look to have that. The margins would be maintained. 
But this year what we expect is that again a good revenue growth would happen, you know, in 
both the segments, especially in the smart meters, and that will see that in absolute terms the 
EBITDA margin value is really going up.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
The actual reason why I asked you this question was because last year when the commodity 
prices were higher, we had about a 16% metering margins. In the meter business, we had about 
a 16% margin. That's why I said that it is a 15%, 16% kind of a range that we can achieve?  
Gautam Seth: 
I would say that, look, you know, ultimately, it depends on the product mix. It depends on 
because we are seeing one segment, but there are so many products in it. Consumer and industrial 
itself, if you look at the SKUs, we are talking about hundreds of SKUs. So, broadly to broad 
base on a figure sometimes becomes difficult, but broadly, if you look at it, and if you go back 
on the couple of quarters, it should be like that.  
 
But right now, even Q4 we have seen certain stability in terms of the commodity pricing and 
with good volumes. So, if that is the margin that is coming in for Q1, I don't see a Q1 or Q2, I 
don't see any big change happening right now. There is no positive change as to drive that, but 
of course, only our sales we expect initially to maintain the Q4 sales and Q1, but thereafter 
probably grow it up in a bigger way.  
Abhijit Sinha: 
Just one last question is that right now if we see the revenue mix for the end of the year where I 
think about 53% metering and 47% is some consumer business. So, eventually, since our order 
book is the 80-20 split, does this go up to about 60-40 kind of a range in the next year?  

 
HPL Electric & Power Limited  
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Gautam Seth: 
No. I just said that a while ago that, you know, the orders for consumer and industrial come on 
a day-to-day basis unlike the meters. So, in meters even if you see the orders which we have 
received now, probably the execution of this especially for the bigger orders will start maybe 
after four months or six months. So, it takes time. So, there the lag periods are high. In consumer 
and industrial, probably what we are billing today, the order could have come in last night. You 
know, that is how it moves out.  
 
So, that is it, but just to answer your question like this year, we would be again looking at 
anywhere between 1,500 crores plus. So, that would be again a good (+20%) jump for this year, 
and I would say almost maybe 55% of it could be metering and 45% would be the consumer and 
industrial. So, for us the focus largely remains on both these segments, very strong. In the next 
two years, I anticipate, this is my personal opinion, that the meters would see a very, a big spike 
in terms of orders and executions, and thereafter when the O&M period comes in there, that 
could come back to the normal levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Mr. Gautam for closing comments. 
Gautam Seth: 
Thank you for participating in the call today, and we appreciate your support as we navigate our 
path towards sustained growth. So, if you have any further inquiries, please don't hesitate to 
contact Dickenson World or reach out to us directly. So, thank you all, and have a pleasant day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HPL Electric & Power Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
