-
0 I 
~1'4~ ~fg;q1 fB-t~~g 
("llffl m,m- ,i;r ;rn-q) ~ 
~
: ~
. ~ 
Oil India Limited 
(A Government ot India Enterprise) Registered Office "Duliajan, Assam 
~- ';f . 19, ~ 
16-t:r, ~-201 301 ~ 
~ 
Plot No. : 19, Sector 16-A, Noid.a-201 301, Uttar Pradesh 
~/Telephone : 0120-2419000 ~/Fax: 0120-2488310 
CIN : L 11101AS1959GOI001148 t-~ / E-mail: oilindia@oilindia.in, ~ 
I Website: www.oil-india.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza. 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 05 1 
NSE S mbol: OIL 
Ref. No. OlL/SEC/32-33/NSE-BSE 
Dated: 07.06.2023 
BSE I ,imited 
Department of Corporate Service 
Phirozc .leejccbhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Security Code: 533 106 
Sub: 
Investors' and Analvsts' Meet - 2023 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBJ {LODR) Regulations, 2015 
Sir/Madam, 
We write further to our letter of even no. dated 02.06.2023 on the captioned subject and 
I 
submit herewith the Transcript of the said Meet [dated 02.06.2023 1 which has also been 
uploaded on our website as detailed hereunder: 
• 
www.oil-india.com ... Investors ... 
Investor Services _. Analysts & Investors Meet 
... Transcript of the Investors· and Analysts" Meet 2023 held on 2nd June'2023 
Weblink: 
https://www.oil-india.com/Docurncnt/Financial/OII, I DIA LIMITED-
02.06.20three Meet Transcript-FR.pdf 
The above is for your information & records please. 
Thanking you, 
Encl.: As above 
Yours faithfully. 
For Oil India Limited 
(A.K. Sahoo) 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
AJAYA 
KUMAR 
SAHOO
Digitally signed 
by AJAYA KUMAR 
SAHOO 
Date: 2023.06.07 
17:11:40 +05'30'

 
 
1/56 | P a g e 
 
OIL INDIA LIMITED 
INVESTORS’ AND ANALYSTS’ MEETING 
HELD ON 02ND JUNE, 2023 AT ST. REGIS, LOWER PAREL, MUMBAI 
 
Name of the 
Speaker 
 
Description 
Mr. Trisonku 
Kotoky,  
DGM-F&A, OIL 
:
Ladies & Gentlemen, distinguished guests and the 
valued investors & analysts fraternity. A very good 
afternoon and a warm welcome to this highly 
anticipated Annual investors and analysts meet,2023 
of Oil India Limited. I would like to extend my 
heartfelt gratitude to each one of you for joining us 
today. We understand that your time is valuable, and 
we  greatly appreciate your presence here. Its indeed 
an immense pleasure for us today as we gather here to 
discuss our company’s performance, progress, 
achievements and future endeavours. Your presence 
here reflects your commitment towards our shared 
vision and the trust you have placed in our company. 
At the outset, I am happy to announce that today we 
have with us the Members of the Board of Directors of 
the company led by our Chairman and Managing 
Director - Dr. Ranjit Rath, our Resident Chief 
Executive and other Senior Executives of the 
company. This gathering marks a significant 
milestone in our journey and we will be excited to 

 
 
2/56 | P a g e 
 
share with you the latest updates on our company’s 
performance, growth and strategic initiatives. I would 
like to convey our thanks to M/s. Antique Stock 
Broking for coordinating this event. 
Dear Friends, being Investors and Analysts, you have 
been an integral part of our success story. Your 
unwavering support, financial backing and guidance 
have helped us not only to sustain and grow, but also 
to create values for our stakeholders. It is needless to 
mention that together we have overcome challenges, 
embraced opportunities and consistently strived for 
excellence. In the past 2 – 3 years our team has 
demonstrated resilience and agility in overcoming the 
unprecedented challenges including the global 
pandemic. Despite the hurdles, we could achieve 
significant milestones, sustain our operations and 
solidify our position. During today’s interactions we 
will provide you with a comprehensive update on our 
operating and financial performance, key business 
initiatives, our strategic partnership across the energy 
value chain, the initiatives being taken by the 
Company towards our commitment to environmental 
sustainability and our corporate  social responsibility 
initiatives. We firmly believe that businesses have a 
responsibility not only to generate profit but also 
contribute positively to the Society and the 

 
 
3/56 | P a g e 
 
environment. This investor meet serves as an 
invaluable platform for us to engage in meaningful 
dialogue, exchange ideas and address any concerns or 
queries you may have. We value your insights, 
feedback and perspectives as they contribute to our 
continuous improvement and long-term success. 
Once again, I express my deepest gratitude for your 
presence and continued support. With this now I 
request Prof. Ravisundar Muthukrishnan from 
Antique Stock Broking for his welcome address to the 
audience. Thank you. 
Prof. 
Ravisundar 
Muthukrishnan, 
Antique Stock 
Broking 
:
Good Afternoon Ladies & Gentlemen, I want to keep 
this welcome address very very short. I think you need 
you need all the time with  the Management here. My 
name is Ravisundar Muthukrishnan. I am the Mentor 
at Antique Stock Broking. I on behalf of myself, 
myself, my colleague – Vardarajan  Shiv Shankaran, 
Mr. Kishan Mundhra and Team Antique welcome you 
all to this investor meet with the top management of 
Oil India. The team as you know is represented by the 
CMD Mr. Dr. Ranjit Rath, Director Finance – Mr. 
Harish Madhav, Director Operations – Mr. Pankaj 
Kumar 
Goswami, 
Director 
Exploration 
and 
Development – Dr. Manas Kumar Sharma and 
Director – HR – Mr. Ashok Das. So Without taking 
too much of your time, I would request the 

 
 
4/56 | P a g e 
 
Management to share their brief comments, followed 
by Q&A. Thank you very much and welcome you all to 
this meet today. 
Mr. Trisonku 
Kotoky 
DGM-F&A, OIL 
1 
:
Thnak you Prof. Muthukrishnan for your address. I 
now request our Chairman and Managing Director, 
Dr. Ranjit Rath Sir to kindly give his inaugural 
address to the audience. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Good Afternoon,
Infact, we are very very thankful to each one of you 
and we understand evinced interest of everyone 
present here and considering that you have keen 
interest in the business portfolio of Oil India Limited, 
We offer our heartfelt gratitude to each of you and 
every investor who has reposed faith in Oil India 
Limited. As a part of the proceedings we would have a 
brief address and thereafter, we will have a 
presentation which will outline the growth story of Oil 
India Limited and then we will take up the Q & 
ASession. As part of the opening remarks I would 
welcome all the analysts and investors to this meet 
and thank all of you for being here for a discussion 
with the Management of the Company. While most of 
you are fully aware about our company, our areas of 
operation, the policy environment concerning the 
upstream oil sector in the country. Adding to what you 
already know would help us in communicating the 

 
 
5/56 | P a g e 
 
message about the Company’s recent achievements 
and growth story. As you all know it was formed in 
1959 as a joint venture company between Burma Oil 
Company & the Government of India and Oil India 
Limited became a public sector undertaking in 1981 
with the Government of India taking over complete 
ownership of the Company. The Company has been 
performing its mandate as a national oil company 
over the last six decades. With an IPO in 2009, OFS in 
2013 and few subsequent share transfers to CPSEs 
through ETF the present shareholding of Government 
of India in Oil India Limited stands at 56.66%. Today, 
we are the second largest and also the oldest national 
upstream oil and gas company in India. Having briefly 
covered the history and heritage of the Company, now 
let me have a narrative of how did we travel since mid 
90s. As you all know since mid 90s our operations are 
primarily concentrated in North East India and in 
blocks allocated to us under nomination regime. 
Under the category 1 basin the Assam Shelf basin 
where Oil India Limited operates is considered to be 
one of the prolific hydrocarbon bearing formation and 
we are operating out of the Assam shelf and we since 
then have not only harnessed our expertise in the 
sector in Assam or upper part of Assam, we have also 
now extended our portfolio across the country. As you 

 
 
6/56 | P a g e 
 
all know, we have operating blocks in Rajasthan, then 
we had a new exploration licensing policy and 
considering our participation in new exploration 
licensing policy blocks we have six blocks and four as 
operator. 2016 – 2017 witnessed a very heart-
breaking reform which enabled the Government of 
India through its process to choose the exploration 
acreages under open acreage licensing policy. Under 
OALP so far we have acquired 29 blocks as operator 
and presently in totality we are operating in 68 
upstream acreages including 27 nomination blocks 
and 3 discovered small fields spread in different 
geographies across the country. The presentation 
would actually cover the entire spread. We also have 
under the overseas oil equity initiative ten such 
projects in seven countries. As part of 29 blocks today 
we have a total acreage of about 53000 square kms for 
which we have already completed the seismic data 
acquisition and as we all know as part of the upstream 
activity after the seismic data acquisition is done we 
undertake processing, interpretation to identity 
prospective location for which next stage of 
exploratory drilling happens. Our present crude oil 
production comes mostly from our fields in North 
East India and majority of natural gas production also 
comes from this area. About 10% of our natural gas 

 
 
7/56 | P a g e 
 
production is contributed by producing areas in 
Rajasthan as well. Inspite of the fact that most of our 
fields are old and matured and let me share with you 
all that the Naharkatiafield which was post 
independence first oil discovery happened in 1953 
and the moran field which was discovered in 1956 are 
still producing and that is where Oil India Limited 
takes credit in operating those mature fields. Infact, 
we have been able to contain the decline of the 
pressure and improve our crude oil and natural gas 
production through successful improved oil recovery 
or enhanced oil recovery techniques. The year just 
concluded 31.03.2023 witnessed about 5.48% of 
crude oil production in terms of %age growth to 3.18 
million metric tonne and the Company has also 
achieved highestever natural gas production of 3.18 
BCM in the year 2022 – 23 increase of 4.43% over last 
year. During the last year the Company has also added 
one more discovery to its kitty which is known as 
Sasabil area in Assam shelf Basin which is producing 
currently 83 cubic meters per day of oil. Besides crude 
oil and natural gas production we also operate as you 
all know 1157 km of crude oil pipeline which is 
primarily supplying crude oil of ONGC and Oil India 
fields to all the North East refineries and we also 
supply product of Numaligarh through a 600 km 

 
 
8/56 | P a g e 
 
pipeline to the Siliguri marketing terminal from 
which it goes to the mainland of India and as we speak 
the product pipeline is under capacity expansion to be 
a able to evacuate the enhanced product portfolio that 
is foreseen possibly because of the Numaligad 
Refinery expansion project. The current year 2022 – 
23 witnessed the highest ever  PAT for Oil India 
Limited on a standalone basis the number stands at 
6810 Crores which is 75% higher than the last year’s 
PAT. The turnover also witnessed a significant growth 
and which stands at 23272 Crores which is also the 
highest ever. A turnover during last year was 14530 
Crores. As we all know the Company has three main 
operating segments – crude oil, natural gas and 
pipeline transportation of crude oil and petroleum 
products. All these segments have shown excellent 
results during the recently concluded annual results 
declared for financial year 2022 – 23. The 
Numaligarh Refinery, our material subsidiary has 
also achieved the highest ever crude oil throughput 
beyond the nameplate capacity and that works out to 
be 3.091 million metric tonne for the year ended 
31.03.2023 since its inception and the gross refinery 
margin reported as 19.86 dollars per barrel for the 
year 2022 – 23. At the group level oil also reported 
highest ever turnover of Rs. 41038 Crores for the year 

 
 
9/56 | P a g e 
 
2022 – 23 and that’s an increase of about 37%. At a 
group level the PAT was also highest ever of 9,854 
Crores. The Company has declared a final dividend of 
Rs 5.50 per share and with this the total dividend is 
Rs. 20 per share or 200% of face value of our shares. 
We are currently as we speak preparing the strategic 
road map for 2040 in coordination with an 
internationally acclaimed strategy consultant. The 
plan is being worked out through one active 
engagement across the stakeholders and the main 
stakeholders of Oil India Limited, the employees of 
Oil India Limited and the focus – a) to enhance the 
production, enhance our footprint in other areas of 
operation pursuing the exploration efforts both 
through organic and inorganic growth and also to 
have diversification initiatives through forward 
integration and create an alternative energy portfolio. 
Our company as we would have noticed is being led by 
a very experienced management team. You can repose 
faith on it. We are best of the both worlds with 
independent and an autonomous management and 
the benefit of Government of India linkages which 
adds to our capabilities of engaging with overseas 
counterparts which helps us being a national oil 
company through a G2G linkage in oil and gas sector. 
With this I would request my colleague to take 

 
 
10/56 | P a g e 
 
forward today’s presentation and then after that I 
would like to invite all of you to participate in a very 
constructive Q & A session. Thank you very much. 
Mr. Debojeet 
Hazarika,  
DGM-F&A, OIL 
:
Dear Friends,
From the Investors & Analysts fraternity – Chairman 
Sir, Board members of OIL in the dias, Professor sir 
from Antique, Senior Colleagues from Oil India 
Limited, Ladies and Gentlemen, a very good 
afternoon to you all and at the very outset, I would like 
to convey our special thanks to the Investors & 
Analysts friends for sparing their time today 
afternoon and really really encouraging the Oil India 
Limited team. We are very thankful for that and 
thankful for your active participation and presence. In 
today’s presentation we are trying to give a company 
overview, the oil strategic strengths and overview of 
Oil India Limited’s assets, the Company’s operating 
and financial performance, performance of oil’S 
material subsidiary Numaligarh Refinery, our growth 
plans and we would also like to highlight the ESG 
initiatives taken by Oil India Limited. 
 
Starting with our journey so far for last 64 years we 
are very old company. We feel proud of that. OILwas 
formed in the year 1959 and in 1981 Oil India Limited 
got 
nationalized. 
We got for 
our consistent 

 
 
11/56 | P a g e 
 
performance and growth the coveted Navratna Status 
in  2010. In continuing with its growth stride and the 
opportunities available Oil India Limited started to 
look for increasing its footsteps into the overseas 
fields and also under its diversification initiatives we 
entered into renewable energy space. In 2012 we 
commissioned the first renewable energy plant with 
Wind Energy and solar energy plant in Rajasthan. We 
got international first credit rating from Mody’s and 
Fitch ratings in 2014. The Company published its 
initial public offer, the IPO in 2009 which was a 
resounding success. As a major acquisition for the 
overseas front Oil India Limited acquired in 2014 its 
4% stake of Rovuma Block in Mozambique. Then in 
2016 we acquired with an investment of around a 
billion in two prolific assets in Russia Venkorneft and 
Taas Both the assets are dividend paying assets. 
OILunder its diversification strategy has entered into 
the CGD business in 2018 participating with HPCL 
and forming HP Oil which was engaged in two 
business areas and currently Oil India Limited is 
having partnership associated through the different 
partnerships and working in seven business areas - 
geographical areas for CGD. A major integration 
move was initiated in 2021 and OIL acquired majority 
stake in Numaligarh Refinery with this acquisition Oil 

 
 
12/56 | P a g e 
 
India Limited is holding 69.63% in Numaligarh
Refinery being its material subsidiary and with this 
acquisition the Company has become a truly 
integrated energy company. Our continuous stride in 
the alternate energy space also was with a focused 
approach. The Company was first in the country to 
capitalize a pilot green hydrogen plant. A brief 
introduction of the Management team of Oil India 
Limited. Our Management is led by Dr. Ranjit Rath 
Sir, Chairman and Managing Director. Sir took over 
the charge in August 2022, an alumni of IIT Mumbai 
and IIT Kharagpur, sir is a prolific geoscientist, wide 
experience 
in 
strategy 
formation, 
business 
development, 
upstream 
asset 
management, 
application of geosciences and exploration geology. 
The other members in Oil India Limited functional 
directors team includes Shri Harish Madhav, Director 
– 
Finance, 
Shri 
Pankaj 
Goswami, 
Director 
Operations, Dr. Manas Kumar Sharma, Director – 
Exploration and Development, Shri Ashok Das, 
Director – Human Resources. All of them are having 
wide experience of more than 30 years + in Oil & Gas 
sector in their respective fields. Oil India Limited 
board also have a Nominee Government Director Shri 
Vinod Seshan, Director MOP&NG. Shri Seshan is an 
IAS Officer of the 2008 batch who has rich experience 

 
 
13/56 | P a g e 
 
in 
different 
fields 
in 
various 
Government 
Departments. He contributes immensely in the 
functioning of Oil India Limited’s Board. The Board 
also have three independent Directors – Smt. Pooja 
Suri, 
Shri 
Raju 
Revanakar 
and 
Shri 
Samik 
Bhattacharya. All of them are from diversified fields 
with wide experience and contribute in the Oil India 
Limited’s Boards functioning. As you all are aware 
that the financial year 2022 – 23 has been a 
resounding year for OIL group. We achieved highest 
PAT of Rs. 6,810 Crores a growth of 75% over the 
previous financial year. We achieved highest ever 
turnover of Rs. 23,000 Crores an increase by around 
60%. Our EPS increased from Rs. 35.85 per share to 
Rs. 62.80 per share in the fiscal year. On the 
performance side there was growth in crude oil 
production as well as natural gas production with 
more than 5.48% in crude oil, production for 2022 – 
23 was 3.18 mmt and we achieved highest ever natural 
gas production of 3.18 BCM a growth of more than 4% 
over the previous year. With this performance on the 
production side the Pipeline Throughput achieved 
during the year was also highest. Our material 
subsidiary Numaligarh Refinery they achieved the 
highest capacity utilization of more than 100%. In fact 
their capacity utilization was 103% last year which is 

 
 
14/56 | P a g e 
 
in any standard excellent. The dividend per share, OIL
has declared a dividend per share of Rs. 20/- per 
share. On the strategic strength side Oil India Limited 
is a diversified energy conglomerate with significant 
presence across the energy value chain. We have on 
the upstream side 68 E&P blocks with around 68,000 
square kms of acreage. To handle its acreage and 
crude oil and natural gas production the organization 
is having sufficient infrastructure. In the international 
scene we have presence in seven countries and in ten 
blocks witha reserve significant 2P reserve of Oil 230 
Mmbbl and Gas 126 Mmboe. We have received 
continuous dividends from our overseas investments 
cumulatively works out to around 800 Mn USD from 
the Russian assets. On the transportation side, we 
have our own infrastructure of over 1000 km crude 
Pipeline spreading from Assam up to Barauni with 
facilities for both forward pumping as well as reverse 
pumping and with a capacity of around 6 MMT. We 
also have Pipeline facilities to evacuate products from 
Numaligarh Refinery, around 660 kms of product 
Pipeline with a capacity of 1.72 MMT. This pipeline 
capacity is currently under expansion to meet the 
additional requirement that will be coming from 
capitalization of the expansion project of Numaligarh 
Refinery. The capacity expansion is up to 5.5 MMTPA 

 
 
15/56 | P a g e 
 
for this product Pipeline. OIL also has presence in 
natural gas transportation having 49% stake in 
Duliajan Numaligarh Pipeline which helps in 
evacuation OIL’s gas to Numaligarh Refinery and also 
is having 40% stake at the group level in 
Indradhanush Gas Grid Limited which is formed for 
connecting the North Eastern states to the country’s 
gas hub. In the down stream side as we have already 
highlighted, we have our Numaligarh Refinery which 
is 69.63% stake and Oil India Limited also has 5% 
stake in Indian Oil. On the petrochemicals side with 
diversification initiatives by the Company we have got 
20% stake in BCPL in Assam, Brahmaputra Crackers 
Polymers Limited and we have got 48.79% stake in 
Assam Petrochemicals Limited. In the CGD front 
currently 
OIL 
is 
having 
presence 
in 
seven 
geographical areas with 50% stake in HP Oil, with 
26% stake in PBGPL and with 49% stake in Assam 
AGCL-OIL JVC. HP Oil is operating in two GAs, 
PBGPL in another two GAs and AGCL-OIL JVC will 
be taking care of three geographical areas which Oil 
India Limited owned the consortium under the eleven 
CGD bid. In the renewal space we have a total capacity 
of 188 mw with 174 MW energy in Rajasthan, Gujarat 
and MP and another 14 MW in Rajasthan. As we have 
already mentioned OIL is the first in the country to 

 
 
16/56 | P a g e 
 
commission a pilot plant for green energy production 
green hydrogen production at its Pipeline facility in 
Jorhat, Assam. 
 
Oil India Limited has sufficient infrastructure to cater 
to the need of the E&P Operations of the organization. 
We have got our own in-house as well as chartered 
hired facilities to cater to the need of Seismic surveys, 
drilling, wireline logging, field development, field 
reservoir, IOR / EOR as well as transportation 
requirements. 
 
This slide will show you our presence across the 
energy value chain in the industry. We have got 
69.63% stake in Numaligarh Refinery. This Refinery 
is having 3 MMTPA at present and is undergoing 
expansion upto 9 MMT. Also a Pipeline being 
constructed – 1640 kms Pipeline which will cater to 
the additional crude requirements of the refinery. The 
total project 
cost 
being Rs. 
28,000 
Crores. 
Numaligarh Refinery is also undergoing another 
project for production of 2G Ethanol via ABRPL with 
a project cost of Rs. 4,000 Crores. Basically, for 
Production of Ethanol from Bamboo. Another 360 
KTPA Polypropylene plant is with a project cost of 
around Rs. 7,000 Crores. The Refinery has recently 

 
 
17/56 | P a g e 
 
commissioned a Pipeline from India to Bangladesh. It 
is called India – Bangladesh Friendship Pipeline and 
this Pipeline will definitely help Numaligarh Refinery 
in captivating its product and marketing of Refinery. 
 
In the Petrochemicals space Oil India Limited as a 
group has 20% stake in BCPL. BCPL is operating since 
2016 having its petrochemical complex at Lepetkata 
and also 48.79% stake in Assam Petrochemicals 
Limited that is in upper Assam districts in Namrup 
Assam. Assam Petrochemicals Limited has recently 
commissioned in April 2023  500 TPD Methanol 
Plant and the project is under stabilization at this 
moment. In the Gas Transportation and CGD front we 
have 40% stake alongwith NRL in IGGL. IGGL is 
being given the responsibility of constructing Pipeline 
connectivity with all the North East State capitals 
which will under the Government’s hydrocarbon 
region for North East 2030 will connect North East 
Capitals to the Gas Hub of the country. The other 
partners in IGGL are ONGC, GAIL and IOCL. We also 
have 49% stake in Duliajan and Numaligarh Pipeline 
Limited. Other two CGD initiatives from Oil India 
Limited side with 26% stake in PBGPL which is 
having a CGD network in two geographic areas in 
Assam and HP Oil with 50% holding by Oil India 

 
 
18/56 | P a g e 
 
Limited and 50% by HPCL which is operating in 
Maharashtra and Haryana. 
 
OIL has a strong credit rating with highest domestic 
rating of long term AAA stable and short term A1+ by 
both CRISIL and Care Edge and we also have 
international national ratings from MOODY’s and 
Fitch, both investment grade ratings and which is at 
par with the sovereign rating of the country. OIL’s 
56.66% holding is by Government of India and rest by 
institutional investors and public. 
 
An overview  on the domestic assets the acreageof the 
Company. As our Chairman was telling we have got 
63000 square kms of areas with 63 blocks which are 
operating and also another 5 non operating blocks 
with around 5000 square kms. This is spread across 
the country with of course most concentration on the 
North Eastern Side of the country where we have got 
a prolific presence. We would like to highlight here 
that the blocks that we have received under OALP out 
of that 72% of the blocks are in Category 1 Basin which 
represents that commercial operations are already in 
place in these Basins. Our presence in overseas assets 
we have got presence in 7 countries, 10 projects and 
out of that with a total acreage of 44300 square kms. 

 
 
19/56 | P a g e 
 
Few highlights of the major 3 assets in Russia we have 
got in 2016 acquired TASS, Yuryakh and Vankorneft, 
with an investment of 393 million for Tass and 598 
million for Vankorneft. The cumulative dividend that 
the Company has received from Tass as on date is 389 
million so it is almost 100% of the original investment 
and for Vankorneft we have received a cumulative 
dividend of 424 million which stands out to around 
70% of the total investment. OIL also have 4% stake 
in area 1 Rovuma, Mozambique which was acquired 
in 2014 with an investment of 1450 million as on date. 
The project is currently under Force Majeure since 
April 2021 for law and order situation in the country. 
However, with the developing stories it is expected 
that the project will resume by mid July 2023. 
 
A glimpse of Operating and Financial Performance of 
the Company: 
OIL has been a driver of exploration in India. This 
slide you can see that we have a cumulative 2D lkm of 
around 500 in the year 2013 – 14 and from that by 
2023 we have increased to 20,526 an increase of 
almost 40 times. For 3D similarly 745 was number for 
2013 – 14 and which has increased to 7,240 in 
financial year 2022 – 23 an increase of almost ten 
times. Similarly, on the drilling front combined 

 
 
20/56 | P a g e 
 
development and exploratory wells our numbers in 
2013 – 14 was 35 and this has increased to 417 in 
financial year 2022 – 23 an increase of almost 12 
times. So, with this aggressive exploration and drilling 
initiatives the Company has been able to achieve a 
resource base of almost 500 million barrel of crude oil 
and 870 million barrel oil equivalent of natural gas in 
the 2P reserve category. Oil India Limited has been 
able to main its reserve replacement ratio always 
more than 1. For 2022 – 23 the reserve replacement 
ratio is 1.01. On the acreage side we would like to 
highlight that in last five years our acreage has 
increased by almost seven times. In financial year 
2017 – 18 our acreage was 9,300 square kms which 
has increased to 63,000 Square kms by the end of 
financial year 2022 – 23. The Company is also on the 
lookout for assessment of ultra deep and shallow 
water currently being carried out. 
 
On the Reserve Base of the Company as we have 
mentioned we have got a domestic 2P Reserve of 500 
million oil equivalent and 870 million barrel of gas 
with combined domestic and overseas the oil reserve 
is 732 million barrel oil equivalent and 1004 million 
barrel oil equivalent of natural gas. On the 2P Reserve 

 
 
21/56 | P a g e 
 
type our %age of reserve represents natural gas 63% 
and crude oil – 37%. 
 
A glimpse of the financial performance of the 
Company for last three years: We would like to 
highlight here that OIL’s crude oil production in 
financial year 2021 was 2.96 which has increased to 
3.18 in financial year 2022 – 23. A growth of almost 
7% and on the gas front in 2021 it was 2.64 BCM 
which has increased to 3.18 BCM an increase of 
around 20%. Similarly, there has been consistent 
performance by Numaligarh Refinery also with 
current years Throughput being at 3.09 MMT. With 
this increased production on crude oil and on the 
natural gas side the Company has been able to receive 
highest ever Pipeline Throughput of 8.19 MMT in 
previous financial year. At a consolidated level our 
total income is 41,758 Crores and profit after tax is Rs. 
9,854 Crores. Net worth of the Company is almost Rs. 
40,000 Crores at the group with an EPS of Rs.80 per 
share. On the price realization front last financial year 
has been really good with a gross realization increase 
upto $95.47 per barrel, but due to the levy of special 
additional excise duty the net realization remained 
almost at the same level with the previous financial 
year. However, on the natural gas front you can see 

 
 
22/56 | P a g e 
 
that for financial year 2021 – 22 our average 
realization was 2.35 which has increased to 7.34 in 
financial year 2022 – 23. The Government has come 
up with a new natural gas policy in April last year and 
under that policy there has been fixed slab for natural 
gas price with a minimum price @ $4 per mmbtu and 
maximum slab of $6.5 which is linked to 10% of the 
Indian basket price and with a provision for increase 
in future. This definitely stabilities the gas pricing 
scenario and is an encouragement to the E&P Sector. 
 
On the Financial Performance side our revenue has 
increased in the financial year 2022 – 23 upto almost 
25,000 Crores. Profit after tax – Rs. 6,810 Crores. 
EBITDA there has been increased from Rs. 7,266 to 
Rs. 11,000 crore and EBITDA margin also has 
marginally increased to 45%. With this the earnings 
per share has increased from Rs. 35.85 per share to 
Rs. 62.80 per share. With this improved performance 
both on the financial side as well as on the operating 
side the Company has paid increased dividend to the 
extent of around Rs. 600 Crores with a current year 
dividend declaration being Rs. 2,169 crores. A Rs. 20 
per share dividend against Rs. 1545 Crores last year. 
The net worth of the Company has increased to Rs. 
31,600 Crores and book value has also significantly 

 
 
23/56 | P a g e 
 
increased to Rs. 316.90 per share. On the debt front 
Oil India Limited is having a healthy leverage. At the 
standalone basis our debt is Rs. 11,000 Crores as on 
31.03.2023 and at the group level our debt is around 
Rs. 18,000 Crores. There is additional debt at 
Numaligad Refinery to the tune of around Rs. 3,000 
Crores + we have a 500 million debt at Singapore 
level. So debt works out to around Rs. 18,000 Crores 
at the consolidated level. There has been increased 
improvement in the debt equity %age. As on 
31.03.2023 the debt equity ratio works out to around 
35%. We have been able to liquidate our loan the 
entire domestic loan that we had taken for NRL 
acquisition. Outstanding last year was Rs. 1,500 
Crores and that was completely repaid in 2022-23. As 
on date the debts standing in the books is for 
acquisition of Mozambique project. 
 
A glimpse of the contribution to exchequer by Oil 
India Limited. Total contribution for financial year 
2022-23 in Central Exchequer is Rs. 7,856 Crores and 
under State Exchequer is Rs. 4,478 Crores. Combined 
with OIL and NRL the total contribution to Exchequer 
works out to around Rs. 17,350 Crores with OIL and 
NRL being the major contributor to the State 

 
 
24/56 | P a g e 
 
Exchequer of Assam. Both OIL and NRL contributes 
around Rs. 5,000 Crores to the State Exchequer. 
 
Few 
Performance 
Highlights 
of 
our material 
subsidiary Numaligarh Refinery – Numaligarh 
Refinery currently is having a capacity of 3 mmt. Oil 
India Limited’s stake is 69.63%. Refinery is 
undergoing major expansion from 3 MMTto 9 MMT 
and with a Pipeline which is coming up 1600 kms 
from Paradeep to Numaligarh Refinery basically to 
cater to additional crude requirement once the 
expansion is commissioned. Also, the Refinery is 
taking a project for Ethanol Production, Bio-Refinery 
for 2G Ethanol Production and another Poly 
Propylene Unit with 360 KTPA is envisaged. The 
Refinery as we have already mentioned has 
commissioned a India Bangladesh Product Pipeline in 
March 2023. For the financial year 2022 – 23 the 
Refinery’s crude throughput is 3.091 mmt which is 
103% of its capacity. Its distillate yield works out to 
87.69%. Income from operations – Rs. 29785 Crores, 
EBITDA Rs. 5,319 Crores, PAT Rs. 3,703 Crores and a 
very healthy Gross Refinery Margin of $19.86 / bbl. 
 
Oil India Limited’s Growth Plan: 

 
 
25/56 | P a g e 
 
We would like to categorise the growth plan under 
upstream, midstream, downstream and in the 
alternate energy space. Under the upstream segment 
the Company has mission 4+ which the Company 
envisages to increase its crude oil production to 4 
MMTPA and natural gas production to 5 BCMPA. The 
Company is already aggressively into the OALP 
regime for drilling. To increase its global presence, Oil 
India 
Limited 
is 
in 
pursuance 
for 
overseas 
international assets. The Company is having strong 
thrust on enhancement of its gas portfolio considering 
Government of India’s strategy in this regard and also 
an enhanced portfolio increase from a single asset to 
a multi asset PAN India presence. In the mid-stream 
segment OIL already has its stake in IGGL which is 
basically 
implementing 
the 
project 
Pipeline 
networking under the CGD business. Oil India 
Limited is also envisaging increased Pipeline 
connectivity for the product Pipeline for Numaligarh 
Refinery and under this project from 1.72 to current 
capacity the Pipeline expansion plan is upto 5.2 mmt. 
Also through its participation in DNPL for gas 
transportation there has been expansion plan in that 
region under the Gas transportation as well. Under 
the 
downstream 
segment 
with 
its 
presence 
Numaligarh Refinery there is already an aggressive 

 
 
26/56 | P a g e 
 
push for NRL capacity / expansion. There is concerted 
efforts towards development of the CGD network in 
Assam, 
Haryana and Maharashtra. 
Also, 
the 
Company 
is 
envisaging 
its 
presence 
in 
the 
petrochemical industries as we have explained in our 
earlier slides. In the alternative space we are into 
diversification towards a green hydrogen initiative. 
OIL has already commissioned its first pilot plan and 
its under review and formulations studies are going 
on so that use of the green hydrogen in business are 
being explored. The Company is also looking into 
opportunities in CBG and additional Bio-Ethanol 
Plant business. Focus on all renewal energies 
resources including Geothermal. Coal Gasification 
and also participation in EV revolution for Indian 
mobility. 
 
Regarding the Mission 4+ which is the primary 
growth plan for the Company under the upstream 
segment: The Company has elaborate plan and is also 
in the lookout for collaboration with international oil 
companies. Its looking for production enhancement 
contracts and technology sharing models with 
international companies. The well drilling plan is 77 
number of wells to be drilled in 2023-24 and 76 
numbers of wells to be drilled in 2024-25. Oil India 

 
 
27/56 | P a g e 
 
Limited is also acquiring technologies for extended 
reach and deep drilling for EOCENE plays. Under the 
mission 4+ the Company has identified five fields and 
aggressive drilling plans are being formulated in all 
these five fields. The Company, as you are aware is 
mainly operating in Assam area and its maturing asset 
so with its adoption of advanced technologies and IOR 
and EOR initiatives, Oil India Limited has been able 
to maintain a sustained production and not only 
sustaining its production but also increasing the 
production from the asset. Oil India Limited has been 
a pioneer in different IOR / EOR initiatives and would 
like to highlight few of the initiatives like Low Sanity 
Water Injection, Polymer Flooding, CO2 Injection, 
Hydro-frac initiatives for 20 wells, CSS for heavy oil 
field in Rajasthan. With all these initiatives, the 
Company is looking for achieving by the end of 
financial year 2023 – 24 a crude oil production of 3.4 
mmt and natural gas production of 3,330 mmcsm. 
 
To support this growth plan, we have got a large capex 
outlay. The actual capex incurred for financial year 
2022-23 is Rs. 5,500 Crores and the BE for 2023 – 24 
works out to Rs. 4,900 Crores. At the consolidated 
level both OIL and NRL combined our capex for 

 
 
28/56 | P a g e 
 
2022-23 is Rs. 12,400 Crores and for 2023-24 is Rs. 
14,000 Crores. 
 
OIL is well positioned for its planned investments and 
to achieve its goal for growth. It has got a strong cash 
and margin fundamentals with a very strong EBITDA 
and strong operating cash flows. The consolidated 
cash flows for the Company for financial year 2021-22 
was Rs. 9,310 Crores and for financial year 2022-23 is 
Rs. 11,000 Crore plus. Its Numaligarh Refinery is 
having a consistently healthy Refinery margin and 
OIL also enjoys a very competitive cost structure. On 
the Borrowing Side we have entirely repaid the Rs. 
6,300 Crores that we had taken for NRL acquisition. 
The current funding is only for Mozambique project 
and all other capex and investments the Company has 
made from its internal accruals. At a consolidated 
level the debt equity ratio for 2022-23 is 44%. The 
Company has a significantly high interest coverage 
ratio with EBITDA / Interest for financial year 2022-
2023 at a consolidated level is 18 times which gives a 
strong liquidity and propensity for additional debt 
raising for the Company. 
 
Few highlights under ESG initiatives of the Company: 
Both OIL and NRL is working towards with the 

 
 
29/56 | P a g e 
 
Government’s in line with the Government’s target 
with a Net Zero target by 2040. The initiatives taken 
by Oil India Limited under environmental risks and 
mitigating 
measures 
includes 
towards 
Carbon 
transition, Physical climate risks, water management, 
pollution and waste management as well as 
maintenance of natural capital. 
 
OIL being a socially responsible corporate citizen is 
also taking all the measures required for improving its 
customer relation, human capital, demographic and 
social trends, health and safety as well as responsible 
production. Oil India Limited is known for its CSR 
initiatives. It has been taking initiatives in all the 
fields of CSR like promotion of art, culture and 
heritage, 
women 
empowerment, 
environment, 
augmentation of rural infrastructure, education, 
sports, skill development, healthcare. 
 
To Summarise we would like to say that Oil India 
Limited is the 2nd largest Public Sector E&P Company 
with strong credit metrics, having its presence of over 
six decades with E&P expertise, having a steady and 
sustained output growth with strong financials and 
with aggressive exploration and drilling activities and 
with a focused on the category 1 basins that has been 

 
 
30/56 | P a g e 
 
allotted to the Company under the OALP Regime and 
also for acquisition of discovered and additional 
producing assets in overseas front alongwith 
diversification initiatives across the energy value 
chain. 
 
We would like to share contact person’s details for 
Investors Contacts. For Institutional Investors & 
Analysts – Shri S. Maharana, Chief General Manager 
– F&A and for Retail Investors – Shri A. K. Sahoo, 
Company Secretary their emails are also presented. 
 
Thank you. 
Mr. Trisonku 
Kotoky,  
DGM-F&A, OIL
: 
Dear Friends, 
With the completion of the presentation our house is 
now open for questions and answers, but we have a 
request to the participants please kindly mention your 
name as well as the name of your organisation before 
raising your queries. Thank you very much. 
Mr. Sharad 
Chandra, 
Investment 
Advisor 
: 
Thank you very much for the exhaustic presentation. 
My query was a biggest problem of India is that we are 
oil dependent on the global market and the prices 
keep varying like anything depending on global 
factors. So my question is as far as India’s oil 
dependency is concerned, what steps are being taken 
by Oil India and ONGC and if you can share the capex 

 
 
31/56 | P a g e 
 
plan for the next few years, and how much is going 
towards the downstream / upstream because being a 
diversified in all kinds of areas like there are 
numerous gas pipelines and city gas distribution is a 
good initiative, but finally our focus should be on oil 
exploration and making India less dependent on the 
world as far as oil or crude is concerned. Thank you 
very much. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
So, a very valid point. Yes, India from a consumption 
point of view is heavily dependent on crude oil import 
which stands at about 85% and the demand is ever 
increasing. There are two strong strategy which is 
adopted. One is to enhance the exploration efforts and 
also from a consumption point of view how do you 
displace through the blending mechanism. So 
broadly, one is we are evaluating the possibility of 2G 
Ethanol being blended in Petrol. Methanol is being 
planned to be blended in diesel so that the mobility 
component of the consumption is addressed. 
Similarly, to use EV to have solar or renewable energy. 
Now that is the consumption part. From a supply side 
there are two - three things is happening. One is to 
ensure overseas equity second is to create strategic 
petroleum reserves so that you meet your interim 
requirements and third and which is very important 
and Oil India is actually pursuing sincerely all its 

 
 
32/56 | P a g e 
 
efforts is the exploration front. Both production from 
the existing fields so that the domestic production 
would increase. That’s through improved oil recovery 
and enhanced oil recovery that’s one piece and further 
upstream is the exploration. If you would see the 
presentation, 
the 
current 
portfolio 
from 
an 
exploration acreage is hovering around 60,000 
Square kms and the hydrocarbon value chain as all of 
you would appreciate is starts with the upstream 
segment where we do seismic acquisition processing 
and interpretation. As we speak, the open acreage 
licensing policy reform has been actually a boon 
where we have chosen the areas which are prospective 
and you would all have also taken note that majority 
of our OLP blocks about 76% falls under the category 
1 basin which is the most prolific and where 
commercial discovery has happened. Having taken 
note of that, we have 60,000 Square kms of OALP 
area acreage under exploration, seismic API both 2D 
and 3D is mostly done. We have also identified 
prospective locations and as we speak, we have couple 
of 
blocks 
in upper 
Assam, 
North 
Bank 
of 
Brahmaputra, under exploration we have couple of 
blocks five of them 15,000 Square kms in Mahanadi 
basin, we have about 13,000 – 14,000 Square kms in 
the Bikaner, Nagor Basin in the western plank of the 

 
 
33/56 | P a g e 
 
country. All, as we speak, we have also identified 
prospective locations and in Mahanadi basin and in 
the upper regions of Assam OALP drilling campaign 
has already initiated. This besides Oil India has also 
taken a leap of faith in having offshore acreages. So, 
we have two blocks – Andaman Nicobar basin east 
and Andaman Nicobar basin west, where we also 
having done seismic we have identified prospective 
locations and we are actually in the process of going 
to the market to seek drilling service providers. This 
is category 2 basin. Simultaneously, we have also 
picked up one category 3 basin in Kerala, Konkan 
which is also another offshore asset for which seismic 
is done and we have identified one prospective 
location and we are going to do the drilling 
exploration there. So that’s the kind of portfolio where 
concerted thrust is on exploration because our 
objective is to maintain the reservoir replacement 
ratio always above 1. So, we are intending to enhance 
our production and also adding new resources / new 
reserves to be very specific to the pool so that the RRR 
ratio is always 1. I think that suffices. Thank you. 
Mr. Probal Sen, 
ICICI Securities 
Ltd. 
: 
Good Evening Sir, 
This is Probal from ICICI Securities 

 
 
34/56 | P a g e 
 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Can you pass the mike to this person who has raised 
hands. That’s okay? All right. Please continue. As long 
as he is fine, we are okay. 
Mr. Probal Sen, 
ICICI Securities 
Ltd. 
:
Thank You Sir.
A couple of questions with respect to the 4 million 
tonne oil and the 5 BCM gas target. I apologies if I 
missed this, but what kind of timeline have we put 
internally to achieve this. No. 1.  
The second question was with respect to the NRL 
expansion if you can refresh us please with the 
timelines now with the additional petrochemical 
expansion or the petrochemical plant along with the 
bio fuel plants. All of these combined what kind of 
timelines are we looking at in terms of commissioning 
and the third question was with respect to the pilot 
hydrogen plant. I don’t know if it is possible but can 
you just share some economics in terms of our initial 
results with respect to the cost per kg that we are 
actually able to achieve. What sort of economics are 
we seeing with our pilot project and the tests results 
that we have done. Those are the three questions. 
Thank you. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath,
CMD, OIL 
:
Is it working now? Okay. All right. First of all very 
good questions in terms of time lines. We are looking 
under mission 4 we all understand that this 
production of mission 4 - 4 million tonne of crude oil 

 
 
35/56 | P a g e 
 
and 5 BCM of natural gas production would primarily 
come from the main producing areas of Oil India 
Limited and we have picked up couple of EOR 
activities in terms of hydro fracture, in terms of low 
salinity water injection, in terms of CO2 injection also 
and we are looking at actually 24-25 as a target. I 
would actually also highlight that while we intend to 
meet the four million tonne, the EOR is also being 
aggressively supported or supplemented by workover 
efforts to counter the current decline and effort is also 
on to have more discoveries in the main producing 
area. That’s regarding the Mission 4+. As far as 
Numaligah Refinery is concerned, there are three 
components to it - one is the cross-country Pipeline 
from Paradeep to Numaligah – 1640 kms. The target 
completion date is December 2024 and the 
Numaligah Refinery expansion plan from 3 million to 
9 million tonne is also coinciding with December 
2024. The 2G Ethanol Plant which is under 
construction right now our every effort is there to 
complete it by December 2023. The significant 
component 
of 
physical 
progress 
has 
already 
happened. As far as the Pilot hydrogen is concerned, I 
will be very glad to share with you that it has been an 
R&D effort which is based on 500 kw solar photo 
voltaic source where electricity is generated. We have 

 
 
36/56 | P a g e 
 
got a 10 kg per shift, 30 kg per day possibility on R&D 
effort with about 5 Crore rupees. Now, it will not be 
prudent to calculate per kg cost out of it because it is 
not an industrial scale, but just to share with you, the 
current national green hydrogen mission has actually 
opened up the vista and we have already taken the 
first move or advantage and you all would know that 
Hon’ble Prime Minister flagged off the start-up 
initiative of Oil India Limited where we run a 
hydrogen fuel cell bus in Bengaluru this year during 
early February under India Energy Week. Having said 
that with the possibilities of National Hydrogen 
Mission – Green Hydrogen Mission now there is a 
concept of hydrogen valley is under discussion under 
the department of Science and Technology and as part 
of that hydrogen valley a research organisation would 
take the lead supported by the industry partners. I am 
very glad to share that we have evinced our expression 
of interest to DST that the North East hydrogen valley 
will be led by IIT, Guwahati where Oil India Limited 
and NRL are actually supporting the initiative as part 
of the industry partner. This besides 18 mw of 
hydrogen 
generation 
by 
NRL 
is 
also 
under 
construction or just placed the LOA. That would 
primarily look at the consumption requirement of 
Numaligarh Refinery. In addition to that, we are also 

 
 
37/56 | P a g e 
 
having several discussions for the purpose of OIL’s 
participation in other possible hydrogen valleys which 
is primarily coastal driven. Thank you. 
Mr. Ramesh
Bhojwani,  
Mehta Vakil & 
Co. Pvt. Ltd.  
:
Sir, Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta & Vakil. First and 
foremost, it is a great delight that you are an alumni 
of IIT, Mumbai. The atmosphere and the vibrancy at 
IIT, Mumbai is simply unbelievable. Giving us only 
entrepreneurs or heads of big corporates as you are 
placed. That was a one part. My colleague has asked a 
lot of questions which were in my mind, but in the 
presentation, there was a reference that our debt 
today is around USD 500 million which we have 
invested in Mozambique and Mozambique one slide 
showed us 50 – 75 TCF of gas reserves. Now, would 
like to have your insightful observations on that 
because energy security is on the prime agenda. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
I am so glad you asked that question. First of all thank 
you very much for that appreciation, its all about the 
cause of energy security of the country. Mozambique 
has been a very strategic decision and Mozambique 
investment is actually an India Inc. investment where 
we have Oil India Limited, BPRL and OVL together 
we have invested. Unfortunately, what has happened 
there was a change in the operatorship from 
Anadarko and then finally it is with TOTAL. The best 
part is the force majeure, which was in place, it is all 

 
 
38/56 | P a g e 
 
likely that we are going to have very soon the force 
majeure getting lifted. That’s No. 1. No. 2 we have 
already got the respective approvals in place and till 
now we were honoring the cash calls of the operator 
to start the construction process and as we speak, we 
had discussions with the operator – as a together as 
India Inc. and discussions are on in terms of resuming 
the operations of the both offshore field development 
and then the LNG Trains. In all probability the way we 
have reassessed the situation – although there will be 
an escalation of investment and I must share this the 
project is going to get onstream by 2027. The best part 
of Mozambique which also under discussion is the 
eastern coast of Africa is in the closest possible 
proximity to the Western Coast of India, which has got 
maximum LNG Terminals to receive natural gas. 
Serious discussion is also being undertaken at a G2G 
level and at a sectoral level to lift the natural gas, the 
LNG gasified and re-gasified here on the western 
coast. In all probability, we are going to resume the 
work and we will have now by virtue of the discussion 
that we had will now have more active engagement of 
the stakeholders as India Inc. in the project that 
would also be a learning curve for us because at this 
point of time that will be one of the largest offshore 
field development in terms of gas field development. 

 
 
39/56 | P a g e 
 
We will be able to create a capability development for 
replicating such learnings in the Indian waters. We 
are all positive about the Mozambique investment. 
Mr. Ramesh 
Bhojwani,  
Mehta Vakil & 
Co. Pvt. Ltd. 
:
Thank you and all the best.
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Thank you.
Mr. Vipul Shah
Individual 
Investor 
:
My name of Vipul Shah. My first question is what is 
the cumulative expense we have done till date on NRL 
from 3 million to 9 million tonnes and all the debt is 
on the NRL’s balance sheet or it is on the Oil India’s 
balance sheet. What is the coupon rate for debt which 
we have incurred. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL  
: 
I would request DF Shri Harish Madhav ji to take this 
question. 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav,  
DF, OIL 
: 
About the first question of the total investment rate so 
far as on 31.03.2023, total investment is about Rs. 
8,000 – 8,500 crores. That is the cash investment 
which has happened, and commitments are about Rs. 
15,000 – 16,000 Crores contract commitment has 
been completed. The second question was whether 
the debt is on Oil India’s books or on it is entirely on 
NRL book. The debt is entirely on NRL’s book. There 
is no corporate guarantee even given by Oil India 

 
 
40/56 | P a g e 
 
Limited. It is completely standalone NRL books and 
as far as the interest rates are concerned, I think these 
are all commercial transactions which possibly we 
being owner of the Company we don’t have very very 
detailed information about those rates and we will not 
like to share those rates. 
Mr. Vipul Shah 
Individual 
Investor 
: 
What will be the big debt for NRL? 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav,  
DF, OIL 
: 
Big debt for NRL will be about Rs. 18,900 Crores total
Mr. Vipul Shah 
Individual 
Investor 
: 
Rs. 18,000 Crores and marketing rights for expansion 
3 million to 9 million tonne will be with BPCL only. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
Ok, let me take that question. This is Numaligarh 
Refinery gives us an advantageous position which is 
very well aligned to the Look East Policy. As you 
would have noticed, the India Bangladesh Friendship 
Pipeline is on. There is an activity discussion is going 
with the Bangladesh Government in terms of power 
supply of diesel and any additional product. That’s 
about Bangladesh. We are also looking at further 
growth in the consumption in North East and as we 
speak the product Pipeline is getting expanded / 
capacity expansion for reaching out through the 

 
 
41/56 | P a g e 
 
Siluguri Marketing Terminal and further possibility of 
going to Barauni and it is not exclusively to BPCL, all 
the three oil marketing companies will have and as we 
speak discussions are underway to have marketing 
rights for NRL products because I would actually 
agree with you from three to nine we have already 
started working for it. Once the Refinery is in place by 
then we have a structure where all the three oil 
marketing companies will have access to the products 
and NRL will also contribute under the Look East 
Policy. 
Mr. Vipul Shah
Individual 
Investor 
:
Sir, lastly, will there be any equity contribution over 
Mozambique in the next few years? 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Its like this – since the project was under force 
majeure – the operator is in negotiation with all the 
large EPC contractors and in case there is a 
component or a cost escalation, the process of 
approval will be there and with the current approvals 
we have, we have enough to honor the cash calls till 
2024. The project will kickstart once the force 
majeure is lifted and which is very likely very soon 
rather and once we are arrive at a revised cost 
estimate, a firm number at that we will possibly need 
to 
enhance 
our 
composition 
or 
our 
equity 

 
 
42/56 | P a g e 
 
contribution, but we will have more clarity on that as 
we speak may be Q3 or Q4. 
Mr. Vipul Shah 
Individual 
Investor 
: 
Can you quantify Sir? 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
No. It not right now. Not now. We don’t have that 
number. The operator is working on it right now. 
Mr. Sabri 
Hazarika  
M. K. Global 
: 
Good Afternoon Sir,  
This Sabri Hazarika from M. K. Global. I have got 
three questions – the first one is relating to the GST 
on royalty on crude oil and natural gas. I think ONGC 
has taken a write off in their books. You also have got 
around 2500 or 3000 Crores of contingent liabilities 
regarding this. Post this ONGC’s write off what is your 
assessment and you being from the mining sector how 
do you think the other mining companies are placed 
in this entire issue. This is the first question. Second 
question is on NRL. I think the rights issues are 
happening for NRL. Your stake has already gone upto 
75%, so is there any risk, not risk actually, is there any 
chance of your stake actually going up with Assam 
Government not like participating in the rights issue 
or do you think you will maintain 69.6% and also how 
the valuation is being done for this rights issue 
pricing. That is the second question. The third 
question is on net zero. Is it a firm target or it is a 

 
 
43/56 | P a g e 
 
tentative target and whether it includes scope 1 + 
scope 2 both or its just general. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
Let me take the last question first. It is for scope 1 and 
scope 2 and it is a firm target 2040. It is actually at a 
group level where both Oil India and NRL team is 
working together under the ESG mandate. As far as 
the NRL’s stake is concerned, no such discussion right 
now is there. For any dilution any other stakeholders 
equity or enhancing Oil’s equity. As far as the GST on 
royalty. It’s a subject which is under judicial review 
and we have submitted our Petition on that and I 
would request Director finance to further give his 
views on it. 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav 
DF, OIL 
: 
See, both Oil India and ONGC the matter is similar 
and we are following a similar policies as far as the 
accounting or treatment of this liability in the books 
of accounts is concerned and for us we don’t find any 
trigger as of now or any change in the matter before 
the Court. We have history on the payment of 
demands we have beyond a particular point of time. 
For last one – one and half year even the cash deposits 
are not happening. So, the matter is under litigation. 
This is a new development with ONGC has taken, 
what call they have taken we don’t know we cannot 
comment on that. But as far as my company is 
concerned, there is a litigation going on. I think we are 

 
 
44/56 | P a g e 
 
in full favour of continuing with that, but this is a new 
development now. We will have to take further 
interaction with our Legal Counsels who are dealing 
with this case in the Guwahati High Court and the 
Rajasthan High Court and if something is required, 
we will take appropriate action, but at this point I 
don’t think any change in the policy or treatment of 
this liability by Oil India is warranted or we are going 
to commit. 
Mr. Sabri 
Hazarika  
M. K. Global 
: 
Just a follow up, the Guwahati High Court basically 
put a stay on this entire thing. I think the last Order 
came out in November 2021 since then has there been 
any hearing or has there been any updates from the 
High Court side. I know Supreme Court bench is also 
looking into that. 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav 
DF, OIL 
: 
There is no hearing on the merits in the case so far. 
Mr. Sabri 
Hazarika  
M. K. Global 
: 
Okay. Are you expecting something soon or it would 
be taken up by Supreme Court only. 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav 
DF, OIL 
: 
No. The matter is pending in the Guwahati High Court 
so it will be taken up by the High Court only. 
Mr. Sabri 
Hazarika  
: 
Okay sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 

 
 
45/56 | P a g e 
 
M. K. Global
Mr. S. Ramesh, 
Nirmal Bang 
Equities  
: 
Thank you and good evening. My name is S. Ramesh. 
I am from Nirman Bang Equities. In Numaligarh 
Refinery is it possible to share what is the extent of the 
reduction of special additional excise duty in your 
gross refining margins because the Delta we have seen 
in financial year 2023 for Numaligarh Refinery it 
seems to be much less than for the other Refineries so 
you can shed some light on that, that will be great. 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav 
DF, OIL 
: 
I don’t think it will be possible for us to give you that 
number how much is the impact of the special 
additional excise duty on the refining margins. The 
reason is this additional excise duty or the windfall tax 
it has been factored into the Refinery transfer prices 
and that particular thing we finally transfer price is 
realised on the products it goes into the GRM 
calculation. So going beyond those calculations 
beyond the Refinery transfer prices it is not possible 
right now. 
Mr. S. Ramesh, 
Nirmal Bang 
Equities 
: 
Sure. So now if you go back to the discussion on 
Mozambique gas I know there could be some 
escalation so we may not have the know about the 
final project cost. So what is the current cost estimate 
for the entire project for the upstream as well as the 
LNG and so and in terms of the heads of agreements 
/ sales agreements is there any firm agreement for 

 
 
46/56 | P a g e 
 
placing the LNG and placing the gas from the gas 
development project can we get some details on the 
contracts. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Its like this. The people who are going to place this 
order the discussion is just initiating. Because TOTAL 
as an operator identifies or acknowledges that it is 
India Inc. which is an investor in that particular 
project and considering the fact that TOTAL itself 
having a terminal in the western coast and we have 
Petronet LNG, we have GAIL, Dabhol. The 
discussions are actually now just fructifying or about 
to kind of get to that particular stage where Oil India 
is not involved. Therefore, this is at an operator level 
because all those discussions will happen actually at 
the operator level and not Oil India’s involvement. As 
and when that materials probably we all of us will 
come to know about it. 
Mr. S. Ramesh, 
Nirmal Bang 
Equities 
: 
My final question is if you are looking at the capex you 
are undertaking in NRL, the polypropylene project 
and 2G Ethanol Project what is the sense in terms of 
the viability of this project because refining at the end 
of the day there is no hang of the fuel demand coming 
down globally because of the electric vehicles and the 
project cost is fairly high if you look at the cost and 
secondly similarly the 2G Ethanol project cost seems 
to be very substantial and the polypropylene project is 

 
 
47/56 | P a g e 
 
another Rs. 7,000 Crores which is pretty much and is 
putting Pipeline Throughput a polypropylene project 
if you see the history. So what is the kind of IRR you 
are working with for these projects and when do you 
expect the positive cash flows from these three 
projects if you can give us some sense on the timeline.
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
There are two parts to it. One is the necessity of 
meeting the 20% Ethanol blending in MS. That 
happens through the 2G Ethanol route and as we 
know that there is also a concern of food versus fuel. 
Now this 2G Ethanol of NRL which is under 
implementation right now is from bamboo – 
hydrolysis of bamboo. This was for the first time this 
was attempted and in fact to share with you we are 
now looking at putting up another unit so a free 
feasibility study as we speak is being assigned to take 
up another unit also. That’s the kind of bamboo that 
is available in North East and from an India story the 
Oil and Gas is here to stay. We are going to have a 
transition but this transition is over a period of time, 
and since the demand is increasing multiple two and 
half times, the quantum might reduce. The %age of oil 
and gas in the energy mix might reduce but the 
quantity terms it is bound to increase. In fact, as we 
speak, the demand for diesel and petrol is going to 
increase multiple times. Considering that the 2G 

 
 
48/56 | P a g e 
 
Ethanol will have a major role to play and we are only 
looking at currently we have done 10% and we are 
supposed to do 20%.  Now the moment we have this 
on-streaming of ethanol plant we will definitely have 
market for it. One step further is we are also looking 
at Ethanol blending in diesel. That’s also another area 
where Oil India is working through its JV of Assam 
Petrochemical. That’s part of the Ethanol story. The 
petrochemical as we speak now standalone Refineries 
would make more sense if we have the petrochemical 
derivative, 
because 
the 
growth 
trajectory 
of 
petrochemical is 35% and in North Eastern party of 
the country as you would know we have only one 
petrochemical unit that is Brahmaputra Cracker and 
Polymer which is primarily having naphtha feedstock 
and gas feedstock which we are supplying naphtha is 
being fed by NRL. Having a PFCC Unit as part of the 
Refinery expansion project, we see lot of opportunity 
for petrochemicals and that petrochemical would 
actually find itself as a market not only in North East 
but again that Look East Policy, so we are also looking 
at Bangladesh as a market. The eastern part of the 
country is actually requiring more petrochemical and 
therefore, we see value in it. we are very soon going to 
kind of announce that also. 

 
 
49/56 | P a g e 
 
Mr. S. Ramesh,
Nirmal Bang 
Equities 
:
In terms of timeline, when you will see positive cash 
flows from these projects. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Once we announce because this is kind of on a 
drawing board right now. We will have a decision 
that’s for sure and once we start the project we will 
have a timeline and the best part of this petrochemical 
investment is that lot of things would have common 
utilities from the Refinery expansion program. We 
want to actually take up this investment decision on a 
very soon basis and that will not coincide with the 
Refinery expansion it will go beyond but lot of 
common utilities will give us benefit - both in terms of 
cash flow and early completion. 
Mr. S. Ramesh,
Nirmal Bang 
Equities 
:
Thank you very much and all the best to you.
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL  
:
Thank you.
Mr. Kirtan 
Mehta,  
BOB Capital 
Markets 
: 
Good Afternoon Sir, 
This Kirtan Mehta, BOB Capital Markets. Couple of 
questions from my side. One on the natural gas side 
we have set a target from increasing from 3.3 BCM to 
5 BCM and we mentioned that many of this will come 
through IOR or EOR activities. Would it also be 
possible to specify the fields where we expect this 

 
 
50/56 | P a g e 
 
increases to come through and on the similar side, 
where do we see this additional consumption 
developing in North East Area. That’s the first 
question. The second question is about the 
exploration where is that we are targeting 75 to 80 
wells in the next two years. Would you be able to 
highlight top five wells where we expect higher 
probability of addition of resources would you be able 
to highlight them and one more question if at all from 
my side is in terms of the cost economics for 2G 
Ethanol you gave a some perspective, would it be 
possible to share the feasibility stage cost economics 
with us in terms of the cost per unit of 2G Ethanol? 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
It is like we have the potential to produce and as we 
speak, we know that the Indra Dhanu Gas Grid 
Limited 
which 
is 
part 
of 
the 
hydrocarbon 
infrastructure vision of 2030 for North East is actually 
as we speak is being implemented and it is being 
implemented on schedule. There is a phase 1 that will 
happen by December 2023. There are phase 2, phase 
3 and phase 4 already lined up. The intent of sharing 
IGGL where we have at a group level 40% stake has 
got very significant bearing and we are looking 
forward to that commissioning of the Pipeline on the 
gas both supply side and consumption side. That’s No. 
1., No. 2 we all know that we have our significant 

 
 
51/56 | P a g e 
 
presence in terms of about seven geographical areas. 
All these Pipelines are actually going to cater to the 
geographical areas for the purpose of CGD both in 
terms of CNG and PNG. That’s the second piece of 
demand. The third is the moment we are going for the 
Numaligarh Refinery expansion currently we are 
supplying about one million standard cubic meter per 
day that would go to two and two and half. Plus the 
fertilizer plant of BBFCL that Namrup 4 is also on the 
cards. Plus, in case there is a thought process of BCPL 
going for expansion, so these are those consumption 
patterns that we are looking forward to. In addition to 
that there is a Pipeline crossing which is being 
implemented as we speak, by GAIL which will actually 
connect to IGGL and both National Gas Grid will be 
connected to the North East Gas Grid. So then, gas 
availability in terms of supply and demand will not be 
a constraint. That’s the gas story which is evolving as 
we speak. As far as the exploration effort is concerned, 
there is a mix of exploration drilling wells that is being 
attempted. One is the exploratory well as part of our 
commitment for the OALP NELP and as part of our 
effort to discover more hydrocarbon at deeper depth 
in the main producing area within our mining lease. 
As we speak, we have planned even to have wells as 
deep as 6000 meters plus. Plus, we are also looking at 

 
 
52/56 | P a g e 
 
extended reach drilling below the Brahmaputra river
and also, utilizing a single land plinth area and have 
multiple radial wells. Plus, we are also looking at the 
already discovered fields where we have identified 
multiple pay zones and we would do development 
wells. The 70 well plus 70 well that you are looking at 
as part of our rolling plan for next two years is 
primarily including these deeper wells and shallow 
wells. In addition to this, also includes additional 
wells to be drilled in Rajasthan basin where we are 
implementing very very successfully and one of its 
kind the cyclic steam stimulation where we are 
actually injecting steam to a depth of 1000 meters and 
making the heavy think viscous oil to flow to the 
surface. This is the exploration part. As far as the 2G 
Ethanol is concerned, currently the effort is to 
complete that project go for the commissioning 
because this will be a first of its kind on the bamboo 
based so having he has rightly picked up having 
established the cost numbers will derive, but this is a 
mandate as a National Oil Company we would offer as 
part of our 20% blending, but I can give you an 
assurance that the ROI of the project is still protected.
Mr. Kirtan 
Mehta,  
:
Thank you sir for very detailed answers. One follow up 
on the exploration would you be able to share the 

 
 
53/56 | P a g e 
 
BOB Capital 
Markets 
exploration budget for drilling separately for next two 
years? Surveying and drilling separately basically. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
Survey and drilling separately that would be about say 
30 to 40% of it. 
Mr. Harish 
Madhav,  
DF, OIL 
: 
Yes. Survey and exploratory drilling if you call that is 
the exploration it is about 40% of the total capex. 
Mr. Kirtan 
Mehta,  
BOB Capital 
Markets 
: 
Thank you. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
: 
Yes please. 
Mr. Vardarajan, 
Antique Stock 
Broking  
: 
I am Vardarajan from Antique. On this net zero 
targets, what I observe is that for the next two years 
there is no major capex but the following five years 
broadly what kind of a proportion of capex will be 
dedicated to renewables or any of these net zero 
related projects and what could potentially be the 
hurdle rate you would consider would it be similar to 
your exploration or core business hurdle rate or is it 
going to be any different. 
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
The effort for net zero is actually a mix pack and you 
have rightly picked up this current year I will not say 
that there is no capex. There is certain component of 

 
 
54/56 | P a g e 
 
capex. I will just tell you a couple of initiatives. We are 
as part of net zero initiative, we are also looking at our 
sustainable business model where the formation 
water which is being derived as part of our production 
is being pumped back as part of our efforts for recycle. 
That’s one two of the projects are on schedule and we 
have completed those projects on time also. This apart 
we are also looking at those stranded natural gas 
which is a either being flared under constrain, b. we 
are unable to produce the intent is capture them 
through modulus skids and ship it under or truck it to 
the CGD network that we have. That’s the second part 
for which we have already gone to the market. We 
have got couple of initiatives. Third, we have also 
changed or in the pros one piece we have already 
implemented a 3 x 10 mw gas based engine that is 
already implemented and similar such initiatives are 
also being planned. Next the thought process is also 
there how do we harness the geothermal energy – a. 
how do we harness the carbon sequestration 
possibility. Because as an oil and gas company in the 
space of upstream, we understand the subsurface 
formations more than anyone else. We are actually as 
we speak we have already gone to the market to 
understand the possibility of carbon capture and we 
have 
a 
collaborative 
framework 
with 
BCPL, 

 
 
55/56 | P a g e 
 
Brahmaputra Cracker and Polymer, where we are 
getting 99% pure CO2. That is getting captured from 
lipid kata and it is being brought to one of our field – 
a. to attempt EOR in similar manner we are also 
evaluating couple of our abandoned wells about 1000 
to 1200 meters because the moment it goes beyond 
1200 meters, the cost economics fails. We have picked 
up couple of abandoned wells and started looking at it 
the possibility of sequestration of CO2. All these 
studies would actually find its dates and the numbers 
in a year and two and then you are right we will have 
a capex for all of them and by then we expect that 
there will be policies for this and all the thermal power 
plants will also come on board and we will have 
collaborations. 
Mr. Vardarajan, 
Antique Stock 
Broking 
:
Thank you Sir.
Dr. Ranjit Rath, 
CMD, OIL 
:
Thank you.
Mr. Trisonku 
Kotoky,  
DGM-F&A, OIL
: 
If there is no further question we want to close the 
question and answer session right now. I request 
Rajiv Pandey to please come forward and give the vote 
of thanks. 

 
 
56/56 | P a g e 
 
Mr. Rajiv 
Kumar Pandey, 
CM-F&A, OIL 
:
Good Afternoon Everyone,
As we have now come to concluding session of the 
event, on behalf of Oil India Limited, I would like to 
extend our heartfelt gratitude to CMD Sir, Members 
of the Board of Directors of Oil India Limited and 
Senior Officials of Oil India Limited for being present 
on this occasion and providing their insights and 
thoughts about the Company’s achievements. I would 
also like to extend to all the analysts, investors and 
experts for being present in this event for raising their 
valuable points, suggestions and in helping us making 
the event a grand success. We also solicit similar 
support and cooperation from the investors and 
analysts’ fraternity in the days and year to come. I 
must also take on record our sincere appreciation to 
M/s. Antique Stock Broking for coordinating this 
event for Oil India Limited. I also extend my thanks to 
the organizing team for organizing the event so 
beautifully. The high tea is ready sir and now I request 
everyone to please join us for the high tea. Thank you.
 
 
[Applause] 
 
************* 
