 
 
 
August 18, 2023 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Post Results Earnings Call held on August 11, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Company’s Q1 FY24 
post results earnings call held on August 11, 2023. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI
Digitally signed by DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2023.08.18 09:19:05 
+05'30'

 
1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q1 FY24  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
 
  LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call.  Please note that all participants’ lines will be in 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the opening remarks.  Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ganesh Nayak, Executive Director of Zydus Lifesciences.  
Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.  Welcome to our post 
results teleconference for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023.  On 
this call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel, Managing Director; Mr. 
Nitin Parekh, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Arvind Bothra, Senior 
Vice President, Investor Relations; and Mr. Alok Garg, Senior Vice 
President from the Managing Director's office.   
Let me now give you a broad overview of the developments 
during the quarter.   
We had a strong start to the financial year as we capitalized on the 
momentum built over the last several quarters and delivered 
robust growth across businesses.  This, coupled with sustained 
improvement in profitability, helped us achieve the highest ever 
operating profit and margins during this quarter. Our formulations 
business in India performed well as the branded business 
registered double digit growth on a year-on-year basis for yet 
another quarter.  In the consumer wellness space, we continue to 
hold leadership position in five out of six brands in their respective 
categories.  Nycil, Sugar Free, and Everyuth brands gained market 
share during the quarter. Our US formulations business registered 
growth on a sequential basis driven by new launches and volume 
expansion in the base portfolio.  We achieved important 
milestones in our innovation journey in a quest to offer innovative 
solutions to the patients across the globe to meet their diverse 
healthcare needs.   
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the 
year gone by. I am happy to inform you that our quarterly 
revenues surpassed the ₹50 billion mark for the second 
consecutive quarter driven by robust performance across 
segments. During the quarter, we recorded consolidated revenues 
of ₹51.4 billion, a growth of 30% on a year-on-year basis.  
Reported EBITDA for the quarter was ₹15.1 billion, up 81% year-
on-year and 20% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA margin for the 
quarter was 29.3%, which is an improvement of 830 basis points 
on a year-on-year and 420 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. Net profit for the quarter stood at ₹10.9 billion, up 110% 

 
3 of 12 
 
year-on-year.  Our balance sheet further strengthened with the 
net cash position of ₹8.8 billion as at 30th June, 2023 as against the 
net cash of ₹5.5 billion as at 31st March, 2023. 
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the first 
quarter of FY24 for our key business segments. Our India 
geography, which comprises of formulations and the consumer 
wellness businesses, accounted for 38% of the total revenues 
during the quarter and grew 6% year-on-year. Our branded 
formulations business in India delivered double digit growth as it 
grew by 10% year-on-year during the quarter.  Excluding the 
impact of NLEM led price reduction, the branded business grew 
12% year-on-year.  Our innovation brands viz. Lipaglyn, Bilypsa, 
Ujvira and Oxemia witnessed strong volume traction during the 
quarter. We continued to work towards strengthening our 
presence in our focused therapy areas.  On the super specialty 
front, we retained the leadership position in the Nephrology 
segment, while in the Oncology space, we were the fastest 
growing company. Our first new chemical entity, Lipaglyn was 
ranked as the 47th largest brand in the Indian Pharmaceutical 
Market during the quarter, which is an improvement of 19 
positions over the previous year.  Our Bilypsa brand too, continues 
to strengthen its volume share through various patient support 
programs and activities. The Ujvira brand, which is the first 
biosimilar of an antibody drug conjugate, continued to expand the 
volume since its launch on the back of patient centric approach 
adopted by us to make it affordable to patients.  Our consumer 
wellness business recorded revenues of ₹6.9 billion with a flat 
year-on-year growth. Unseasonal rains across key states during 
the first half of the quarter impacted the offtake of our key 
summer-oriented brand Glucon-D. However, the remaining 
portfolio posted near double-digit growth during the quarter.  
Commodity prices moderated during the quarter on a sequential 
basis, which eased the pressure on gross margins. 
Now, let me take you through the performance of our US 
formulations business.  The business accounted for 48% of the 
consolidated revenues during the quarter with revenues of ₹24.5 
billion.  The business continued to display strong traction with the 
robust 57% growth on a year-on-year basis driven by new 
launches and improvement in the base business.  On a sequential 
basis, the business grew by 9% on a high base of the previous 
quarter.  We launched 4 new products during the quarter. During 
the quarter we filed 4 additional ANDAs and received 20 new 
product approvals.  

 
4 of 12 
 
Our emerging markets and europe formulations businesses 
continued to deliver healthy growth with all major markets 
contributing to the growth during the quarter.  The business 
posted revenues of ₹4.9 billion, up 30% year-on-year.  
On the operations front, The USFDA inspected our three 
manufacturing facilities during the quarter. Oral solid dosage 
facility II located in the Ahmedabad SEZ completed the USFDA pre-
approval inspection without any observations.  Our biologics fill 
finish facility located at the Zydus Biotech Park in Changodar and 
our animal health formulations manufacturing facility located in 
the Ahmedabad SEZ also completed the USFDA inspections 
without any observations.  This reinforces our commitment to 
upholding high quality standards and continual improvement in 
the same. 
We continue to improve our business processes with a focus on 
improving productivity, which helps us stay competitive.  
Adoption of digitalization across the organization continues to 
gather pace as various analytical tools are deployed to unlock the 
efficiencies in our operations and aid data backed decision-making 
process.  
This concludes the business review.  I would now request Dr. 
Sharvil Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses 
and initiatives in our innovation program.  Thank you. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Dr. Nayak.  Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  It is a 
pleasure to have you all today on the call. We are pleased with our 
performance during the quarter. The performance was driven by 
our comprehensive product portfolio, our depth of innovation 
pipeline, and our focus on execution. On the India formulations 
front, consistent execution across focused therapies helped us 
achieve double digit growth in the branded segment.  We expect 
this trend to continue going forward.  Portfolio of our innovation 
brands registered strong volume traction during the quarter and 
in turn, aided the patients to satisfy their unmet healthcare needs.  
Our 
comprehensive 
product 
portfolio, 
strong 
customer 
relationships, and an agility in operations helped us to deliver 
consistent growth in our US business.  We expect our US business 
to grow on a formidable base of FY23 going forward on the back 
of a robust pipeline of complex generics developed in-house as 
well as the strategic BD&L efforts. A diversified manufacturing 
network catering to the US market backed by the responsive 
supply chain augurs well for us to capitalize on one time buy 
opportunities that keep on emerging in the US generics market.  

 
5 of 12 
 
Our initiatives in R&D have continued to progress favorably in 
order to meet patients’ demands across geographies. The 
investments made by us over the years across different areas have 
started delivering results and we expect this to scale up further 
going ahead. This is evident from the expansion of patient 
coverage of different molecules since their launch. We shall 
continue to roll out various patient support programs and work 
towards creating the awareness about our brands in an effort to 
make a difference to patients’ lives. Our R&D teams keep working 
towards offering solutions to patients across therapies to meet 
their unmet needs.   
On the regulatory front, we extend our robust compliance record, 
as we completed three USFDA inspections during the quarter.  We 
also remain committed to maintaining the highest quality 
standards across all our manufacturing facilities to offer safe and 
effective 
healthcare 
solutions 
to 
patients 
globally. 
We 
strengthened our backward integration capabilities post the 
recent completion of acquisition of Teva’s USFDA accredited API 
manufacturing facility located at Ambarnath in Maharashtra.   
With this, let me talk to you about some material developments 
on the innovation front.   
On the NCE front, our lead molecule, Saroglitazar magnesium is 
currently undergoing phase II(b)/III clinical trials for PBC indication 
and phase II(b) clinical trials for NASH indication for the US 
market. So far, we have recruited over 80% of the patients 
required for the PBC trial.  For the NASH indication, we have been 
progressing in line with our plans on the patient recruitment front.  
The molecule is also undergoing trials in the US for two indications 
of PCOS and NAFLD.  During the quarter, in order to generate real-
world evidence, we initiated a large phase IV clinical trial of 
Saroglitazar magnesium in India in NAFLD patients with 
comorbidities. The trial will enrol approximately 1,500 patients 
and the primary endpoint is to measure the change in liver 
stiffness from the baseline to 52 weeks. The study duration is 
approximately 56 weeks.   
In the biotech R&D space, clinical trials for two of our monoclonal 
antibodies are ongoing at present and we have completed 
recruitment of patients for one of these molecules during the 
quarter. 
Coming to our vaccine pipeline, we have commissioned a newly 
constructed measles rubella drug substance manufacturing facility 

 
6 of 12 
 
and we have initiated a phase II clinical trial of our hepatitis E 
vaccine during the quarter.   
We thank you and now we start the Q&A session. Over to the 
coordinator for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir.  Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question 
and answer session.  Anyone who wishes to ask questions may raise 
your hand from the participant tab on your screen.  Participants are 
requested to use headphones or earphone while asking a question.  The 
first question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question.  Sir, one on the US business, while 
you mentioned in your opening remarks that there was volume growth 
in the base portfolio, how much would you say the quarter-on-quarter 
traction was because of incremental Revlimid and how much of it was 
the core underlying business, the pricing improvement. Then some 
colour if you could give on the US generic pricing? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, in the first quarter, the growth was driven by the higher volume 
offtake in our key products which also included Revlimid and also the 
pricing has been stable during this quarter and also some new 
introductions which were launched during the last quarter four also 
scaled up, so all of that led to the expansion, but obviously driven also 
by Revlimid. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood and given what we have done in the quarter and the launch 
pipeline that we have had including some products that we have not yet 
launched, doesn't the high single digit growth for US seem fairly 
conservative, are we still sticking to it, or are there any risks that we are 
not aware of that is keeping that guidance at that level? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, so as you said is right, despite an elevated base and factoring also 
competition from Asacol probably in the later part of the year, we still 
expect the US business now to grow on back of volume expansion in 
double digits. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. Got it and how should we think about margins in that case 
because I think margins also, we were fairly conservative.  If I look at our 
R&D, we are much below what we had guided for the full year.  So, one 
how should we look at the R&D trajectory and therefore given the 
double-digit US growth, the margins? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we do expect now the EBITDA margins to increase by 150 to 200 
basis points on an annualized basis in this year compared to our earlier 
guidance of 50 to 100 basis points. So, we are seeing an uptick to our 
guidance that we had earlier stated. This is also factoring in an increase 
in R&D, so despite that, we will see margin improvement and also 
building in for some competition on one of our lead compounds also. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And R&D is still maintained at 8% of sales? 

 
7 of 12 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay.  Thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi, good afternoon.  Sharvil bhai, couple of questions on US products.  
Linagliptin, is that a product you expect in next couple of years or is it 
very far out? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Not in the next one to two years. 
Bino: 
Okay and how about tofacitinib, Xeljanz? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think product-wise, we are not talking because again a lot of things 
are driven by IP and legal and settlement, but I think we can definitely 
say that looking at our pipeline that we have, we do see good launches 
or important launches every year partly driven by our own 
developments and partly through our licensing efforts.  So, we do see a 
limited competition kind of launches every year at least over the next 
three years. 
Bino: 
And any update on the timelines of potential Saroglitazar filing in PBC, 
do we still look forward to a late FY25 filing? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we do still expect a calendar year end 25 filing. 
Bino: 
And one last one, you know, earlier you had guided to 2-3 interesting 
product launches this year.  We have seen possibly one or two, but I 
don't know if we were originally intending them, so, do we still have one 
or two interesting product launches this year coming? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  We did launch topiramate, two brands on that molecule.  We 
recently launched the indomethacin suppository with exclusivity and we 
do see some more differentiated launches during the year. 
Bino: 
Okay and then Trokendi XR, have you already seen competition entry? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, yes, we have already seen last quarter. 
Bino: 
Great.  Thank you very much.  I'll join back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Surya. 
Surya: 
Yeah.  Thanks for the opportunity.  Sir, congratulations for the great set 
of numbers.  Sir, on the margin front, first, it looks like even if we 
hypothetically adjust the Revlimid revenue and see the base business 
margin, it looks like both on the gross margin front as well as EBITDA 
margin front, excluding Revlimid, it looks like a very strong performance. 
So more than kind of 300 basis point kind of positive surprise.  So, what 
is driving this?  Is it purely coming from let's say the improved 
performance in the domestic side, improved product mix in the 

 
8 of 12 
 
domestic side, or it is contributed by the pricing scenario improving in 
the US market, US base business? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I would say many of the factors, I don't think there's a single factor. 
Because both India with the better product mix that we have done, 
scaling up of the emerging markets which are improving in their 
profitability and also US with the kind of opportunities to do one off 
business, grow the base as well as obviously launches. I think all of them 
have aided to the margin expansion. 
Surya: 
So, then is it sustainable one, Sir?  Let’s say Sir, is it a quarter specific 
performance or let's say it is likely to even continue in the subsequent 
quarter? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I did say that when you talk about sustainability, we have to look at the 
full year and we do expect an improvement from our last guidance on 
EBITDA. So, you know, we had earlier guided for 50 to 100 basis points 
improvement. Now we are talking about 150 to 200 basis points 
improvement assuming that we still have 8% of our spend on R&D.  So, 
we are talking about an improved profitability for this financial year. 
Surya: 
Okay.  Sir, my second question is on the Lenalidomide. So, the 
prescription trends if I look at it then, I think, we have already surpassed 
5% or 5.5%, near about 6% kind of a volume share that we have already 
achieved.  So, whether we have garnered that kind of revenue in line 
with the kind of prescription ramp up or the potential revenue booking 
will be seen subsequently and generally if we consider or see generally it 
is also known that every 12 months, the volume share can increase, so 
how should we really see it? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Revlimid is a mid-to-long term opportunity. So, it has, so I think, with the 
improvement in market shares every year, we would see those numbers 
trickled through so, but again, all of these are still accessing us to a very 
limited size of the market, but you would see that every year I would say 
in those months. 
Surya: 
Sir, then just an extension to this Revlimid question. So, in the initial part 
of the year or last year, when you had launched the product, you had 
mentioned that the Revlimid is likely to be a kind of evenly distributed 
kind of a product for you. So, do you think that is what you are likely to 
see? 
Sharvil Patel: 
For the year, yes. 
Surya: 
Okay. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Quarter-on-quarter, they will change, but when I give the full year’s 
guideline, every year Revlimid will be well distributed. 
Surya: 
Okay and Sir, in terms of the domestic formulation business, there is a 
positive surprise obviously in terms of growth compared to the market 
trend and all that. So, what is driving here it is, are you really seeing that 

 
9 of 12 
 
the brands in the specialty products, so those are really delivering better 
than your expectation or your guidance is covering those? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think over the last two to three quarters, we have shown now at least 
market led growth or equal to market growth, in some quarters better. 
This quarter also, we have done much better.  I think the good thing to 
see for this quarter is also the volume expansion of 6% growth because 
the volume is I think very good in the industry or the market that we are 
in today and I said it's driven by multiple factors, the focus that was put 
in the rationalization that happened and also the portfolio of innovative 
products that we have launched, which are scaling up. I think all of that 
is leading to that.  I think a lot of work is still left to be done, but we are 
hoping that we will continue to build on these important launches and 
scaling up our differentiated products, which will aid to this kind of 
better than market growth. 
Surya: 
Okay.  Just last one question on the balance sheet side, Sir. So, the cash 
flow position anyway is looking really robust now thanks to Revlimid 
also and the balance is anyways strong given the cash flow that we had 
already generated last year.  So, if we see that kind of a similar 
momentum also in Revlimid and the kind of momentum in other than 
Revlimid also that we are talking about, then the cash flow generation is 
likely to remain really robust and strong for next couple of years. So, 
given that, what would be your capital allocation strategy and if you can 
share something on that and on the capex front, this quarter that you 
have done 220 odd crores. So, what should be your capex plan for the 
current year and in which lines? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, you are right to say as we would see strong cash flows in the coming 
years.  I think one important part is the capex cycle. So, we are talking 
about the 1000 crore capex in this year.  The rest of it, I think, we 
continue to obviously expand our research capabilities.  So, you know, 
some increase in the R&D will be there and we are looking to expand 
our opportunities in getting into newer areas in the specialty space in 
the US. So, we do believe that we would find opportunities to invest 
behind that. Currently, we don't have any major plans beyond this. 
Surya: 
Hello? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  Could you hear me? 
Surya: 
Sorry Sir, I missed last couple of sentences. 
Sharvil Patel: 
We don't have any other significantly large other plans other than the 
few I talked about which is looking into the specialty space in the US, our 
capex cycle of 1000 crores that we will spend and some investments in 
research and some market expansion. 
Surya: 
Okay and for the domestic market? 
Nitin Parekh: 
You have also seen the way, dividend pay-outs are also increased 
depending on the availability of cash flow, even the buyback that we did 

 
10 of 12 
 
last year and the enhanced dividend rate that we have proposed this 
year. 
Surya: 
Sure Sir. So, just an extension Sir. On the domestic side, what kind of 
investment that you are thinking about, is it about adding new product 
portfolio or it is just creating and building our own portfolio in the 
specialty area, let's say biosimilar or something like that or what kind of 
investment that you are looking at for the domestic market? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, in domestic, from our internal point of view, yes, it is investing in 
biosimilars, vaccines and the differentiated launches that we want to do, 
including launching our discovery led products like Saro, Desi and now 
we hope, in the next few years, a few more.  Beyond that is looking to 
see if we can find the right fitment in terms of acquiring brands, which 
we would look at and now as part of our overall life sciences strategy, 
we do believe in end-to-end outcomes for diseases. So, companion 
diagnostics and those areas will also become an integral part of how do 
we treat for many diseases, chronic diseases. 
Surya: 
Sure, Sir.  Thank you, Sir.  Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles.  The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Thanks for taking my question.  Just one question.  We received 
approval for generic Vascepa last quarter, but we haven't yet launched 
the product. Any timelines on when we can probably enter that market 
and any reason for the delay? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, it's a very complicated API. So, we are making sure that we 
risk mitigate our supply chain on API so that we have enough, so that we 
don't have problems in the future. So, looking at that timelines and the 
approval that we got and the manufacturing of this complex 
formulation, we are looking at a quarter 3 launch. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood, understood, and Sir in terms of our injectable portfolio, we 
have seen a fair bit of approvals on the injectable portfolio as well.  
What sort of a run rate have we reached? Do we want to give any 
colour, any target in terms of what we are targeting on injectables? 
should we see the momentum build and when do we start seeing the 
more complex injectable approvals come through? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think the injectable business is still in the scale up phase. So, I think 
it has not reached that size and scale where we talk about as a separate 
segment.  So, it is part of our overall strategy on the portfolio. But as 
and when it becomes large, I think we will segment it in the right way.  
So, I think the complex portfolio, we still believe we will see some 
approvals in this financial year and also in the coming two financial 
years.  So, as I had said slowly you will see launches of complex 
injectables in the next two to three years. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood Sir.  Thank you so much. 

 
11 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Thanks for the opportunity.  Hope, I'm audible. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So, there have been a few approvals you have received in the last few 
quarters like chantix, ivermectin cream and the transdermal patches 
too. So, have these been launched or they are yet to be launched? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, they have been. Not the transdermals, but the other products 
have been launched. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay and then, you have been talking about launching 2 REMS product 
during the year. Again, have these been launched or they are yet to be? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yet to be launched. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Any colour. which quarter of the year? 
Sharvil Patel: 
In the third and fourth quarter. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So, these would be limited competition and represent, what market size 
do these represent? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We don't do product wise market size, but they are important launches. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay and finally on the India business, can you share the contribution of 
biosimilar business to the overall sales? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, again, I said you know biosimilars is part of the therapy expansion in 
RA and Oncology and others. So, we don't club biosimilars like that 
because it's a branded formulations business. But I would definitely say 
that they are scaling up significantly and will continue to scale up in the 
next two to three years with the pipeline that we hope to launch.  So, I 
think overall, it is doing very well and scaling up. But it is part of our 
overall therapy focus, so it's not a technology focus from that point. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay and do you have capacities to execute growth or you would need 
to invest in more capacities around biosimilars? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We are expanding our capacity on biosimilars as we speak. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right and what's the investment that you intend over the next two years 
in the biosimilar space? 
Nitin Parekh: 
That is part of overall capex budget of 800 to 1000 crore that we have 
given guidance for. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 

 
12 of 12 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think if there are maybe no more questions then, oh I think we have 
one more. 
Moderator: 
Yes.  The next question is from Harith. 
Harith: 
I hope I'm audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Harith: 
On transdermals, you mentioned that you haven't done any launches 
while the approvals we received a few quarters back. So, what are the 
steps from approval to launch that we are undertaking now and then 
any color on when we'll be launching? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so I think the most important thing in launches of transdermals is 
that when we come to launches, we need to significantly scale up from 
our earlier exhibit batches and it's a long processing cycle and every 
material is imported, most of it, 95% of everything what we use is 
imported with long lead time. So, getting that supply chain in order to 
make sure that we are scaling up with the batches and launching.  For 
the first time since we are doing it. It has been longer than our 
experience on other products.  So, having said so, we expect in this 
financial year to have at least two launches. 
Harith: 
Okay.  On Asacol HD, you mentioned that you're factoring competition 
in the product by the second half of FY24 and then that's part of your 
guidance for 10% growth. So, any reasons for this expectation? Anything 
that you're hearing from customers or from competition? 
Sharvil Patel: 
That’s part of our build up in terms of planning for it. So, not, we haven't 
heard anything immediate which we can see. But it's better to be err on 
the side of caution and at least plan for a competition in second half of 
the year. 
Harith: 
Okay.  That's all from my side.  Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand the conference over to management for closing remarks. 
Mr. Ganesh Nayak: 
Thank you very much and look forward to interacting with you again in 
the month of November, when we declare our quarter 2 results.  Thank 
you and have a nice evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much on behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Limited.  That 
concludes this conference.  Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines and exit the webinar. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
