 
 
                                                                                                                                      
                         
 
Marico Information classification: Official 
August 4, 2023 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 531642 
       The Manager,  
       Listing Department,  
       The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
       Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
       Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
       Mumbai – 400051 
       Scrip Symbol: MARICO 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
copy of transcript of the earnings conference call held on Friday, July 28, 2023 on the un-audited financial 
results and operations of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, is enclosed. 
 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://marico.com/investorspdf/Marico_Limited_-_Q1FY24_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Marico Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay M A 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
  
 
 
 
VINA
Y M A
Digitally signed 
by VINAY M A 
Date: 2023.08.04 
15:08:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
Marico Information classification: Official
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Marico Limited  
Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
                                                               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAUGATA GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MARICO LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MARICO LIMITED 
 
 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Marico Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
We have with us the Senior Management of Marico represented by Mr. Saugata Gupta - MD 
and CEO and Mr. Pawan Agrawal - CFO. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we get started, I would like to remind you that the Q&A session is only for institutional 
investors and analysts and therefore if there is anybody else who is not an institutional investor 
or analyst but would like to ask question, please directly reach out to Marico's Investor Relations 
team. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saugata Gupta for his opening comments. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Saugata Gupta: 
Good evening to all those of you who have joined the call. 
Let me start by giving a flavour of the operating environment during the quarter that has gone 
by, after which I shall touch upon our performance, followed by our strategy and outlook for the 
year ahead. 
Volume growth for the FMCG sector was in the positive territory for the second consecutive 
quarter, led by steady growth in urban, however, evident green shoots in rural were not yet 
visible. Factors such as retail inflation dropping to sub-5% levels, late pickup in monsoons, hike 
in kharif crop MSPs and higher government spending continue to give hopes of a gradual 
recovery in rural sentiment, although, the extent of impact of spatial distribution of rainfall and 
erratic weather patterns on rural farm incomes may also have a bearing on sentiment in the near-
term. However, so far at least South and West part of country, monsoons look good. 
While companies are taking price cuts in reaction to moderating commodity inflation, pricing 
growth has been tapering off sequentially, and therefore, growth in the coming quarters is likely 
to be led by volumes. Foods continue to lead the sector, while mass personal care categories 
continued to exhibit a strong linkage to rural growth. 
Moving on to our performance in the quarter, domestic volumes grew 3%, which is lower than 
our expectations. However, it should be read in the context of a couple of one-off pertaining to 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
channel inventory adjustments Firstly, a sharp month on month fall in vegetable oil prices has 
led to trade significantly lowering inventory levels in Saffola Edible Oils, while we’ve taken 
multiple pricing cuts (amounting to ~30% YoY) to pass on the benefits to consumers. As a result, 
Saffola Edible Oils recovered partially on the low base of last year. Since offtakes have remained 
healthy and the worst of volatility is mostly likely over now, we expect growth in Saffola Edible 
Oils to be steady going ahead. Secondly, the final phase of trade scheme rationalization, initiated 
in Q1FY22, to smoothen the skew that was historically prevailing in the first quarter revenues 
of the core domestic business. Now that we have evened out the trade schemes throughout the 
year, we believe this will hold us in good stead over the long term in terms of managing the 
supply chain and BTL spends more efficiently. While volume growth in core categories of 
Coconut Oil and Value Added Hair Oils was subdued in Q1 by this one-off impact and muted 
rural sentiment, we expect an uptick in both portfolios from Q2. 
Now that one-offs are out of the way, we expect volume growth to resume an improving 
trajectory from Q2, as indicated by healthy offtakes and ~85% of our portfolio either 
gaining/sustaining market share and penetration, on MAT basis. Therefore, we do not expect 
any impact on the growth aspirations for the full-year as envisaged at the start of this fiscal and 
conveyed in the previous earnings call.  
Coming to our newer categories, we have made a positive start in the course of achieving our 
diversification target for this year through Foods and Premium Personal Care portfolios 
cumulatively contributing ~20% to domestic revenues. In Foods, our scale-up continued with 
growth in the mid-twenties. Growth in the core Oats franchise has been supplemented by healthy 
traction in newer categories of Honey, Plant-based protein, Spreads and Munchiez. Consistent 
with the strategic approach of expanding our addressable market in value added foods and 
nutrition segments, we are excited by the addition of the clean, plant-based nutrition brand, 
‘Plix’, in our portfolio. Plix is committed to the mission of ‘Making Nutrition Fun’ and fuelling 
the habit of incorporating clean, plant-based superfoods as a part of a healthy and active lifestyle. 
Plix’s portfolio consists of products which are non-GMO, vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and 
uses reusable and recyclable packaging. The brand has built an impressive franchise by 
upholding evolving consumer needs and sound business fundamentals and is now clocking ARR 
of ~Rs. 150 cr+ with very low cash burn. It is evident that we are a strategic investor of choice 
for founders who believe in growing sustainably with a watchful eye on profitability.   
Alongside the Foods portfolio, the composite Premium Personal Care portfolio, comprising 
Livon Serums, Set Wet Male Grooming and Digital-First brands, has delivered a steady 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
performance as well. We expect this portfolio to contribute to ~10% of domestic revenues in 
FY24. 
As specific Foods and Digital-first franchises attain scale, we are also charting a path towards 
making significant improvements in profitability and significantly reducing cash burn rates in 
our Digital business. 
Moving on to the International business, which has been remarkably resilient despite varying 
degrees of uncertainty in the operating environment. Bangladesh extended its steady run with 
core portfolios performing healthily and newer portfolios scaling up well. Vietnam faced some 
consumption headwinds; however, the underlying business remains strong. MENA, South 
Africa and NCD business have been quite consistent over the last couple of years and we will 
continue to invest for growth in these businesses. The overall business is poised to deliver double 
digit constant currency growth in FY24. 
For the consolidated business, revenue growth in Q1 was significantly weakened by pricing 
interventions in core domestic portfolios and currency headwinds in few overseas geographies. 
We believe pricing deflation in the domestic portfolio has bottomed out and will now start 
tapering off. Therefore, we expect revenue growth to move into positive territory in the second 
half of the year.  
On the profitability front, gross margin and operating margins in Q1 expanded ahead of internal 
expectations, owing to incrementally softer input costs, while we maintained investments 
towards strategic brand building of core and new businesses. While we will continue to invest 
in A&P and maintain our share of voice ahead of share of market, we expect operating margins 
to expand to 20%+ levels in FY24, higher than envisaged earlier.  
To sum up, despite a slower than expected start, we are confident of delivering an improving 
trajectory in topline and earnings growth through the course of this year. 
Last but not least, we have always viewed our entire business operations through the lens of 
sustainability and our Sustainability 2.0 framework has been seeing encouraging progress across 
each of the eight broad themes. We have detailed the same in our FY23 Integrated Annual 
Report, which was released on our website two weeks ago, and hope it will make for a good 
reading. We firmly believe ‘Creating shared value for all’ will aid us in driving sustainable, all-
round and superior growth in the longer term. 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
With that, I will close my comments. Thank you for your patient listening and I'll be most happy 
to take all your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. My first question is on yesterday's acquisition. So, in terms of the business ‘Plix’, what 
is the right to win? I see a very sharp scale up from Rs. 40 crores in FY22 to broadly Rs. 106 
crores in FY23 and now ARR of Rs. 1.5 billion and in this kind of format there are lot of other 
players. If you could also talk about the distribution in terms of physical and online? And is there 
any kind of synergy benefits you see from your other digital business or say other acquisitions 
you have done in the last 6-7 years? 
Saugata Gupta: 
First of all, Plix is largely online and therefore obviously one of the things that they need to do 
is expand. We firmly believe that any digital brand needs to get to a critical mass in the E-Com 
and their own D2C space of hitting at least Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores and a certain level of 
set of consumers and level of saliency awareness before it goes into omnichannel. I think while 
the current run rate of 150 crore is very encouraging and I think it is right scale for going to 
Omnichannel, I think there's still a tremendous potential to max out in online.  I believe, Plix has 
the right to win and if you really consider one of the things we look at when we are doing 
acquisitions in the digital businesses is brands which are sharply differentiated. For example, if 
you know Beardo, Beardo is a Harley-Davidson of male grooming and even after three years 
post our taking over, I think the brand continues to perform well. We look for founders who 
have a significant urge to build-to-last as opposed to just building-to-sell, and therefore we also 
look at commercial savviness of the founders. We look at good unit economics because if the 
unit economics is not good for any digital brand, it will never make profit, whatsoever category 
you scale up in. And so, the fundamental things are very important like whether you have a core 
set of SKUs, what is the repeat rate. So, we have now a set up what you call a digital quotient of 
what we do to evaluate brands. And I think our success rate, our hit rate in meeting acquisition 
assumption is pretty high. 
Now coming to synergies, I think the one with the synergy potential could be distribution. The 
second is as we now have a boutique of 4-5 digital brands, there are a lot of opportunities for 
cost synergies at the back end, which the process we have just about started. So, in a nutshell, I 
think quality of promoters, quality of the brand equity, how consumers love them are our core 
principles. For example, we look at the ratings in Amazon and Flipkart for a brand, whether 
there is significant repeat rates, has the brand started making money. To give you an example, 
in both say male grooming or you know Plix compared to some other brands, the burn rate is 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
much lower. And therefore, I think these are the kind of things we look at and we are pretty 
confident, I think Beardo is a perfect example. I see Plix as a huge mirror to what Beardo has 
done. And if we look at it, even in a so-called slightly tougher circumstances for e-commerce or 
digital brands, this brand continues to grow. In fact, it ended at Rs. 104 crore and is a hit. I mean, 
a current run rate of 150 crore and the quality of the business is good. And it’s not about short-
term tactical sale. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One follow up there. So, the scale up has been good and I don't think the number of years of this 
business has also been very long. So, wanted to understand in terms of R&D or patent or those 
kinds of right to win, could you talk about that because this is this is a very exciting field, but 
I'm sure a lot of other people are also trying similar kind of stuff. So, what is the reason for the 
scale up and is there an R&D angle to that? 
Saugata Gupta: 
Obviously the product delivers. While I'm not going to elaborate, I think any acquisition we do, 
we do a complete due diligence, look at strengths. And as I said, that ultimately in any business, 
whether it's digital, brick and mortar, the first thing you need is a product that delivers, you need 
a pricing, and in terms of classical marketing that is value seeking. You need a certain ability to 
innovate consumer understanding. I think they know how to operate the marketing funnel. So, I 
think and as I said, it's not only about the efficacy of products, it is also about looking at the 
future pipeline, the ability to develop these products and I think also we look at the background 
of the founders, in terms of their perspective on technology, product development and the fact 
that we are pretty excited by the team which is there and I think in any category, I think there 
would be competition. I think Nutraceutical Wellness is an exciting category. The question is 
can you create a scale and a profitable path to market which creates a moat and there is always 
one number one and one fast follower in any category which survive over longer time period. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One last follow up on this question. Last few years you have done multiple D2C acquisition and 
you have given lot of freedom at the local level which is I think obviously required given the 
extremely different kind of business and very different kind of scale also. So, wanted to 
understand on the earlier acquisition, how much of the Marico template has been put in place in 
terms of systems and processes or still those things haven't been done because still you want to 
keep that culture to remain intact. 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, if you see one of the biggest things about Marico, which has been perhaps, Marico has been 
successful by punching above its weight, and we believe that we want to be scaled insurgents 
and operate with owner’s mindset and that is the empowerment which we give, which is an 
inherent part of Marico culture which attracts a lot of founders to us because that has become a 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
template for us becoming a strategic investor of choice where we partnered them into achieving 
their dreams and aspirations and a scalable profitable growth model. 
Now there are four things which are non-negotiable. First, obviously portfolio and then comes 
capital allocation, your entire compliance quality, and the manufacturing practices. We are trying 
to build a process where we also do a lot of cross learning. I think what we have not yet done is, 
use 1-P data or first party data across all the four businesses and starting cross-selling. That is 
something which would lead to huge synergies, but I think we have started the process of cost 
management and we have created a nano facility in one of our plants to actually start insourcing, 
which will also give possible potential margin benefit. So, I think the process has started. It's a 
fine balance. But we don't want to completely run it like the core, because the right to win in a 
core and the right to win in digital businesses are completely different. Having said that, once 
they cross Rs. 150 crore and Beardo has already started the process, they are experimenting with 
Omnichannel and brick-and-mortar where having Marico’s help is a definitive source of 
competitive advantage. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, that's useful. My second and last question is on your 20% Foods and Premium Personal 
Care, which has doubled in essentially 3 years. So, here my question is in terms of gross and 
EBITDA margin of this part of the 20%, how does it compare with gross and EBITDA margin 
of the legacy India business? And between the two, if you could give us some color, I'm not 
asking for an exact number but a sense on which one is better and which one is still work in 
progress? 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, I mean, Premium Personal Care obviously is a high margin business but it also needs high 
A&P as well. In the case of Foods there is slightly lower margin but also low A&P. We are 
cognizant of the fact that the blended margin of Premium Personal Care and Foods should be 
equal to the gross margin of the remaining core portfolio, which is a legacy portfolio and that 
process is being significantly focused on so that this happens within the next 12 to 18 months. 
Pawan Agrawal: 
And if I may just add, Abneesh, currently at a weighted average level gross margins are definitely 
better than the overall portfolio. Now to talk about operating margins, currently many of these 
businesses will be in investment phase. Therefore, this may not be the right time. So, once some 
of the some of the businesses get a scale of Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 200 crores, it starts making 
money. So, as and when these businesses cross those scale, that will be the right time to look at 
the operating margin. But having said that, we are extremely focused in terms of driving the 
right gross margin for the portfolio. And weighted average gross margin portfolio of these 
businesses put together is definitely better than the existing portfolio.  

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My first question is on margin. So, you mentioned that this year you will do about a 20% kind 
of margin. If I look at your margins historically, this is probably the highest or close to the 
highest margin that you would be clocking as a company. So, what I wanted to ask is on a 
medium-term basis, on a two-to-four-year kind of a basis, do you see your margin stabilizing at 
this 20% or do you still see over that time horizon expansion in the overall company level margin 
at a consolidated level? 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, I think there are two things. One is, as I said, you are absolutely right, so we are pretty 
confident that we should be able to cross the 20% mark in margins this year. Now, unless there 
is significantly black swan inflation that hits in simultaneously on copra, crude and everything 
in one particular year, I think it will start improving because there are multiple parts to it. One, 
I think in foods, for example, as we scale up, we'll be significantly starting the margin 
improvement program on Foods because we are very mindful that while we grow foods, we 
shouldn't get our eyes off the margins story. The second thing we are looking at is also I think 
we haven’t done well in the premiumization till now to be very honest and we are finally getting 
our acts right and therefore we are going to improve on this. Number three, I think if you look 
at some part of the international business, obviously Bangladesh is doing well. I think secondly, 
in Vietnam also we have now replicated some of the Bangladesh journey and we are now 
replicating it in Middle East, North Africa. In MENA, since we didn't have scale till now, we 
didn't have margins, but there are players who make 20%+ margins. In fact, some of the market 
leaders in that market make 30% margins, so that's another potential driver. So, I would say 
margins is likely to creep up. However, in a year where there is a black swan where you have a 
30%-40% increase in copra and crude hits $100/bbl, there would be some pressures. But on a 
medium-term basis, we will see the margin creeping up. The other thing, which is there, this 
particularly happened in the last few quarters is that we haven't got the operating margin leverage 
because of deflation leading to lower revenues. 
Also, I hope that by second-half the anniversarization of deflation of Bangladesh currency which 
is leading to translation hits in both our both top line and bottom line, that will also start 
neutralizing because as you know the Bangladesh contributes to a significant portion of top line 
and bottom line in our mix and had a significant depreciation starting from Q1, but now it's 
settling down. So, by Q3, that effect will start neutralizing. So, overall, I think subject to no 
black swan, to answer your question, yes, it will not. There will be a steady increase, but don't 
expect any hockey stick from here. 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes, sure. Just a sub question on that. While you are going to make attempts to improve the food 
margins, I'm sure for the foreseeable future they will, at the EBITDA level, be below the 
company average. So, therefore, and this is a faster growing segment. So, even if the margin 
improves hypothetically, let's say from a 3% to a 10%, but a 10% on a significantly higher base 
because it's a faster growing business, does that put a drag on your overall company margins? 
Saugata Gupta: 
No. So, that's why I talked about the PPC or the Premium Personal Care, which is serums plus 
male grooming plus skin care and digital. Now they have the potential for higher EBITDA. 
Number two in Foods, at least in Oats we have proven that we can deliver a kind of a core margin 
in EBITDA terms in Oats. See in foods, I think the ask is to how do I start hitting Rs. 150 crores 
to Rs. 200 crores in each category. So, the focus from now on in foods is instead of launching 
10 things, and maybe we'll launch one or two things, is that how do I start doing two things. One 
is focusing on scale. For example, soya, honey, munchies, can we get scale. Because foods the 
margin really grows with scale. The second thing which we have started which we have not done 
is, right now you have individual set of advertising - Saffola oil advertises, Saffola oats 
advertises, Saffola Munchies advertises, Saffola honey advertisers, very soon, in fact, in over 
the next couple of weeks, you will notice the first signs of what I call a Saffola master brand 
advertising which will also give you efficiencies in A&P rather than the fragmented A&P which 
you are currently seeing in Foods. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My second question is on VAHO. So, when fourth quarter results came out, you were very 
confident that this business is now on track for, if not a double digit, at least a high single digit 
kind of a growth. However, this quarter VAHO is roughly flat. That so just wanted to understand 
the apart from the pipeline issues that you mentioned, I mean does that explain that entire 
differential between a zero and a high single digit or is there some other reason for this? 
Saugata Gupta: 
There are two things and just not pipeline. Pipeline has contributed some part of it. And in the 
second part what has happened is that we continue to see high intensity at the bottom of pyramid 
and this is one interesting phenomenon we’re observing. Obviously, while the food inflation is 
slightly softening and overall inflation is softening, there is a tendency towards focus on 
consumers buying LUPs and price point packs and therefore competitive intensity at bottom of 
pyramid, which has again subtly increased. Having said that, again, I believe that Q2 onward 
you will see reasonable improvement as far as the VAHO numbers is concerned and the second 
half will go back to what we had talked about. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. Just wondering here, just thinking aloud, historically, we haven't seen consumer trends 
being so fickle that they change in one quarter and then suddenly revert back in the second 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
quarter. So, what gives you confidence that whatever weakness you're seeing now will sort of 
reverse very soon? 
Saugata Gupta: 
I think it's not the weakness in the sentiments. If you look at the category growth levels, in fact 
it has improved. So, if you ask me, Q4 plus Q1 which is Jan-June and then compared with say 
July-December of last year, there is a sequential growth. There is an offtake growth, there is a 
market share gain and therefore if you look at Jan-Jun together on VAHO, I think the story is 
better and I don't think any consumer sentiment dip has happened drastically, so on offtake terms 
in terms of Jan-March versus April-June, there has been no significant difference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
A couple of questions. We know the primary growth, because of this channel issue and the 
measures that you have taken on the trade scheme rationalization, what would be the secondary 
roughly speaking? 
Saugata Gupta: 
A couple of percent. I don't want to get into specifics and as I said that is not an excuse for why 
we have done three, okay, so I think it will be a couple of percentage points there. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And that will be primarily in case of parachute and VAHO? 
Saugata Gupta: 
And it's only in parachute and VAHO, that's right. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay, got it. 
Saugata Gupta: 
See, I will tell you one thing, so that you have a perspective that if you look at historically long 
ago Q1 was 31%, we have got it down to 27%. We want to take it down to 25%. So, that should 
explain the thing. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, that also means because there is a destocking in this quarter. So, this should unwind and as 
trade promotions get streamlined, automatically the revenues should also pick up in the next, 
let's say quarter? 
Saugata Gupta: 
No, but I think it is also a good opportunity. Ultimately, it's about offtake. Number two, as I said 
that we want to mirror offtake and then also offtakes to be smooth along with smoothing of all 
the secondary and primary. So, I don't want to get into primary, secondary and offtake, but all I 
can assure you is that I think given whatever trends we see that this quarter onwards, it will start 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
improving again. But you know, it's very difficult to get into that. Just because secondary was 
higher than primary last quarter, I will want to do that much because see we have to look at 
something which ensures offtake and penetration and market share protection. So, I think 
primary is just a derived thing. So, I don't want to get into looking at primary and secondary. 
But all I can assure you is that the numbers that will come from both parachute and VAHO will 
be certainly better than what it is there in Q1 as the overall volume growth will keep on 
increasing as we go from Q2 to Q4. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And just a follow up, Saugata. And again, these are dipstick surveys, so may not be 
exactly accurate. But my understanding is that Marico at least in the last few years that I have 
seen, your trade inventories are quite at an optimum level, which always can get better for sure. 
But unlike some of the other companies who actually play with inventory a bit here and there, 
in that context, you know, I would have imagined that, you know, there is no big opportunity to 
kind of streamline the trade inventory, correct me if that understanding is incorrect. 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, I think we obviously go into what I call a pull-based system, which we do for our 
management. Having said that, you must be cognizant of one thing which is you know, 
especially urban distributors, when you have a lot of Saffola inventory especially in this quarter 
where there was a 30% reduction in prices, obviously their revenue would have got impacted, 
okay. So, that leads to that and so therefore we have to be mindful of our partner’s profitability 
and other things. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. The next question is on both, you know specifically on Parachute and Saffola with 
whatever deflation that we have seen and are seeing, how do you see competition particularly 
from let's say regional loose in case of Parachute and somewhat similar to you know a bit 
organized in case of Saffola edible oils? 
Saugata Gupta: 
In the case of Parachute, what happened in Q1 is obviously there was a little bit of deflation. 
Fortunately, we believe that deflation is now settled in and there could be a sideways movement 
of copra into little more positive territory as we move into August, September, October. So, 
therefore, I think that the issue that was there in terms of slight volume that should be taken care 
of. The other thing which we are doing is, as I said that we want to invest money to ensure 
demand generation, so we are aggressively investing money behind demand generation. Going 
forward, you will see that even Q2 onwards, there will be A&P increases while we deliver our 
margins of 20% plus. We will not deliver margins by having to cut down Y-o-Y on A&P spends. 
So, I think that is what we are doing that we are putting things in place for demand generation 
and micro marketing so that Parachute is back on growth and whatever value we can give to the 
consumers will do it, may not be pricing but through other tactical means as well. 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Coming to Saffola, the offtakes are good. It was just that there has been a significant down 
stocking. We have to get into a position where there is a steadiness or less volatility in the pricing 
because people observe the trend and they don't stock ultimately. Now coming to offtakes and 
market share, I think the current pricing of Saffola with the price premium is more or less right 
at present. So, I don't think there is that problem in Saffola in terms of competitive scenario. The 
problem is more of an STR thing and that we need a slightly more steady and less volatile raw 
material. And it normally doesn’t happen that suppose I'll lose STR I will again suddenly get 
back the STR until the volatility completely seizes and people see steady things, and it's unlikely 
to happen currently because you know there are too many macro factors in the world - global 
political scene that impacts oil sometimes, but we believe at least the deflation thing which kept 
on happening from the peak, 30% levels, that will now keep on slowing down as we enter 
consecutive quarters. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And last question if I may, Saugata, on the gross margin. So, there is a smart recovery in this 
quarter, you are still, at an overall level, below historic peaks. Where do you think the rest of the 
year gross margins will be, do we see stability in gross margins or there is still leg up over here 
on this line? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
So, this quarter we have expanded the gross margins about 450 basis points, 450 to 500 basis 
points. So, going ahead, you know margins will not be as high as this one, but we still believe 
that at a full year level, it will be in the range of 300 to 400 basis points. And of course, a lot of 
it will also get ploughed back into investment behind brand building. And therefore, at an 
operating margin level, what we are saying is that minimum we will deliver 20% plus. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Right. But, Pawan, just a follow-up, this quarter is 23% plus on EBITDA margin. So, even if I 
were to take the same flattish number and the revenue line is now more streamlined, does that 
mean what essentially, you're saying is the A&P spends can actually go quite a bit because you 
know there's a step up in staff cost in this quarter. So, even if I assume the same run rate at least 
in my model at least I get a number which is closer to 21% on EBITDA margins and not 20%? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
Vivek, we also have to appreciate that margin of 23.2% is also because of the denominator effect, 
right. Because the revenues have not grown, it is in fact degrown by 3%. And as we move ahead 
in quarter two, we expect that it should move to largely flattish trajectory and from H2 onwards 
it should move into positive trajectory. So, that denominator effect will go away #1. #2, also, as 
I said, on overall gross margin expansion, we still expect that 300 to 400 basis points will be 
there. And yes, you are right, a large part of that expansion as I said, the A&P expenditure could 
be high in double digits and therefore operating margin I think 20% plus. Now 20% is the bare 
minimum that we are saying. There is also a possibility we might deliver slightly more than that. 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hasmukh from SUD Life. Please go ahead. 
Hasmukh: 
So, my question on margin has been answered. I have second question on your Foods and 
Premium Personal Care portfolio. So, that has come to now almost 20% of your domestic 
revenue. So, if I take, let's say three years sort of a view, what's our internal target for this as a 
percentage of overall domestic revenue here? 
Saugata Gupta: 
No, I think we don't have any further target. I think we should ensure that obviously this part of 
the portfolio will be a growth portfolio. Having said that, we are looking at how do you grow 
this portfolio profitably. So, foods gross margin needs to increase and we'll also focus on the 
digital brands. In fact, compared to, as I already said, that if you look at Plix with some other 
similar brand in that space, you look at Beardo versus some similar brand in this space, our burn 
rates are far lower, but at the end of the day, how do you get them into profitability space very 
quickly. So, it's a combination of A & B and therefore I would not just grow, I need to first get 
the profitability right and then grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Hi Saugata and Pawan. My first question is on pricing. Clearly on Saffola edible oil, there is a 
fair bit of volatility and we recently saw firming up of palm oil prices. Do you see that pricing 
for Saffola needs to be taken up if this firmness sustains and how soon that can happen? What 
is the implication of revenue growth in the second half? I heard Pawan saying that Q2 could be 
flattish, but as you move into second half, does price inflation completely goes away in your 
own assessment? 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, Latika, it is very difficult, there has been a very mild increase in our set of edible oils which 
we use, in the last week actually. Now it's very difficult to say. All I can say is that this quarter, 
we are a 30% deflation. The deflation numbers will keep on decreasing and in the second half 
there will be no deflation. As we exit, we might move into slight inflation and therefore revenue 
growth will be volume growth or volume growth plus. We are also indicating that the volume 
growth, while we started with the three, it will be more as we move into the Q2 and second half, 
but it is very difficult to fathom whether Saffola inflation will happen or no and right now 
everything is modeled on the current pricing of Saffola. 
Latika Chopra: 
So, with current pricing of the Saffola, you feel the overall revenue growth should run positive 
in second half, will probably have flattish to marginal positive pricing, is that correct? 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Saugata Gupta: 
Yes, that's right. 
Latika Chopra: 
The second thing which was your comments on gross margins like you know, I heard Pawan 
mentioning 300 to 400 basis point expansion for full year, I think last time you were talking 
about 250 to 300. And I think the question was same, you had a 500-basis point expansion in Q1 
and for full year you are talking about 250 to 300 basis points which should be now more like 
300 to 400. And is it on account of the denominator catching up and probably some bit of mix 
effect as inflation comes back? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
At a full year, you can consider that number about 300 to 350 basis points and not really for the 
rest of the year. Full year, you can consider 300 to 350 basis points. And more importantly I 
mean there will be multiple levels which will keep on playing out during there, right. There are 
forecasts. It's very difficult to have a right forecast, even the best of the international agencies 
has not been able to get the right forecast for edible oil. So, there are a lot of multiple things that 
will play out, but what we believe is that somewhere between 300 to 400 basis points could be 
gross margin expansion. And if we get that expansion, we will continue to invest because we 
have a lot of new agenda that we have created and would definitely want to fund them. However, 
what is more important is that an operating margin level is 20% plus. 
Latika Chopra: 
And the last question was on the modern trade contribution for VAHO and Parachute, if you 
could share that, any rough sense there. And are you seeing the salience of private labels in 
modern trade channel increasing in the coconut oil space? Any comments here? 
Saugata Gupta: 
I think we will not be able to share channel wise contribution for brands, but all I can say is that 
if you ask me whether the market share of Parachute is lower in modern trade, the answer is no. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was actually on the acquisition again. So, the difference I see with your past 
acquisitions in the recent past is that this seems to already be at a reasonably larger scale of Rs. 
150 crore ARR. And on account of product segment, they are in the business of plant-based 
protein, at what growth rate can this grow from a base which is already Rs. 150 crores because 
it seems a pretty large number for these kinds of brands to achieve. And does it mean that being 
plant-based it's going to be a bit of a niche within the protein and nutraceutical market or it's not 
necessary that these products will be a niche and the pricing could be competitive even though 
it's plant-based positioning? 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Saugata Gupta: 
So, the way we see it is that if you look at India, even plant protein is going to be a big driver of 
growth and as opposed to the entry point in the Western markets where a lot of plant protein has 
started off with mock meat and other things, here it is a plant protein nutraceutical or plant 
protein in the form of soya which we are already doing in Foods. Now coming to any 
nutraceutical, there are four or five drivers of growth. So, there is heart health, there is weight 
management, there is diabetes or sugar management, there is gut health and lastly bone health. 
So, these are the five platforms where a Wellness or a Nutraceutical brand works. Along with 
nutraceuticals, interestingly Plix also has a little bit of personal care and skin food. So, what we 
looked at is that in all these platforms and that is how global nutraceutical brands operate, that 
can my proposition ultimately extend across all five. And we believe that will happen and at the 
end of the day there are some famous big startup brands that start with something and then you 
can always move to adjacencies, isn't it? 
Like Beardo, beard oil is still 40%, but it's okay. I mean the end of the day we can move to 
adjacency. You start with something and then it stands for. For example, it stands for ‘nutrition 
with fun’ and ‘cool nutrition’ and maybe it can be extended. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood. And a related question was, not asking exact number but approximately if you could 
share the range of gross margins that this category or this brand has and is the Rs. 150 crore 
turnover fragmented across a large number of SKUs or you see certain SKU becoming sizable 
within this Rs. 150 crore turnover that they currently have? 
Saugata Gupta: 
I alluded to one of the things we look at for any good acquisition is scalability. Does the brand 
have a couple of hero SKUs with high repeat rate, a loyal set of consumers with a very high 
Amazon rating because it establishes the foundation of growth. A lot of startup brands launched 
50 things and start to show growth. I think Plix is different in that respect. There are a couple of 
SKUs which contribute to a significant portion of Plix. The gross margins are high. I can also 
tell you that not many food categories can have a digital model because digital model unit 
economics requires a certain set of ACOS. This brand can afford to have a digital model, which 
is profitable because the gross margin is high. In fact, if you look at food, very few food 
categories can have a standalone digital model, because food categories usually have lower gross 
margin. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood. Thanks for that. And my second question was you've given this Rs. 400 crore 
turnover which is the combination of some of your older brands like Livon and Set Wet and 
new-age physical brands. Now my understanding is that the older brands which came from the 
Paras portfolio were probably not growing very well leading into COVID in the previous 4-5 
years while the digital brand of course grew very fast in the post COVID period. So, how do you 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
look at the growth of this overall Rs. 400 core portfolios, especially in the environment that this 
year we hear that Internet ecommerce growth is slowing down in Personal Care? And how do 
you think of the legacy and the older brands like Livon and Set Wet also contributing from here 
on? 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, the way we look at it, I don't want to get into detail on this one, but the fact is that the newer 
part of the portfolio, which is Premium Personal Care, Foods, Digital brands, we would like it 
to grow by 15% to 20% every year from a medium-term basis. 
Pawan Agrawal: 
And just one clarification, Arnab. This Rs. 400 crores portfolio does not include the Paras 
portfolio. It is basically the digital brand of Beardo plus Just Herbs plus our own in-house digital 
brand. 
Arnab Mitra: 
So, you're saying it does not include Livon and Set Wet? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
Yes. However, when we are saying that our contribution from the Premium Personal Care and 
Foods will become 20% by end of FY24, that definitely includes the Paras portfolio as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Sheela Rathi: 
I just had one question and more on the medium term, I would say. Saugata, the question is, 
from your lens, what is the current positioning of the Saffola brand in the minds of the consumer. 
And I'll tell you why I asked this question is basically company has embarked on this 
diversification strategy in the last few years. So, is there a thought here that over a period of time 
we could be thinking about reducing our exposure to edible oil because it kind of adds to the 
volatility in the business. So, I just wanted to hear your thoughts on that. 
Saugata Gupta: 
You're absolutely correct. I think my dream is that in another 3-4 years from now, our Foods 
becomes higher than edible oil in the portfolio, because that way we will derisk this commodity 
and one of the things we internally track is how much over the next five years, we'll continue to 
do a commodity derisking on our portfolio. So, at the end of the day, ultimately, sadly enough 
oil and water doesn't mix, and Personal Care is far less volatile to your commodity. RM 
percentage as a percentage of net realization needs to continue to decrease and that is something 
we track over the next five years. 
Now coming to Saffola specifically, suppose if you look at the history of Saffola, it was 
completely anchored on heart health. If you look at the 1994 advertising, it was on fear. So, it 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
was for the sufferer and so it was curative. It went into preventive and now I think Saffola stands 
for a ‘way of healthy life’ and ultimately food gives us taste values as well. I think one of the 
things we are trying to do is besides expanding the total addressable market, ensure that how 
does Saffola brand goes from a sufferer to somebody wishes to adopt healthy way of life. You 
know, it's like taking anything which is better for you. So, Saffola will enter categories with an 
option which is better for you and that's how the brand will keep on growing. Having said that, 
obviously the core brand which is the Saffola oil where heart equity is too strong and we will 
not completely, obviously vacate the heart equity. What we're saying is it is for a healthier heart 
and as opposed to somebody with already a heart problem. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And so we will continue to have this brand, but the endeavor would be to continuously increase 
the exposure towards other food businesses. 
Saugata Gupta: 
Yes. And therefore, the brand becomes from denial to happiness from having far more food 
values moving from individual sufferer to family, I don't think it still will encompass kids, but I 
think that's the next step. But I think it is more of saying that you eat what you want to eat but 
eat healthily and therefore Saffola gives you options whether it's breakfast, snacking, in between 
meals or meal substitute. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And just one more bit on this, how is it positioned in the minds of the consumer? So, today, 
when a consumer buys Saffola Oats, is this because they know that Saffola edible oil is a healthy 
oil and that's why they are buying the Oats product since it comes from the same brand. Is there 
that salience which is still there in the minds of the consumer? 
Saugata Gupta: 
See, very interestingly the amount of number of households who buy Oats are higher than 
number of households who buy oil because Oats is at a price point of Rs. 17. Now I think 
obviously the primary driver for the consumer to buy a Saffola continues to be health. It is no 
longer just heart health; it's health and the taste is the discovery. And therefore, if you look at 
the ragi chips for example, and as we are investing in millet in a big way and going forward, you 
will see some of the things which we are doing on millets. One of the learnings in 2010 or 2011 
when we prototyped a snack and it bombed. And one of the learning is that Indian consumers 
will never at all compromise taste for health and therefore all the products which we design for 
Saffola, first we ensure that it beats its parity on the taste benchmark. Health anyway is presold 
as far as Saffola is concerned, so taste is actually a discovery and a surprise benefit which we 
want to drive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suresh Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Suresh Pardeshi: 
I'm on Slide #7 and I'm just reading the numbers where you have given PCNO number, which 
is (2%) volume and (5%) value growth. And VAHO is flat in terms of value. Just more curious 
if I track the journey of last eight quarters, about eight quarters before there was down trading 
and VAHO was doing significantly well, you alluded that now the entry point VAHO has seen 
a lot of competition. In terms of consumer behavior, I just wanted to understand, I'm not looking 
at the primary number, but on ground. Is the consumer shift primarily affected in the mass end 
of the product because of food inflation or there is something more to it and that's why even 
VAHO is not showing. And the latter question on that, how the category has evolved or declined 
over value volume over last say 4-5 quarters? 
Saugata Gupta: 
So, let me just address it in two parts. So, if you look at the last and I'm alluding to the last 5-6 
quarters. What has happened is in the case of value-added hair oil, it somewhere mirrors some 
of the mass personal categories where there is significant amount of rural consumption and 
agnostic consumption in terms of quantity across different LSM classes. So, whenever there is 
inflation, so compared to your premium skin care and other parts of the Personal Care portfolio 
VAHO or soaps and others, these kinds of categories will get impacted far more. Or what we 
have seen actually if you look at the start, there has been downgradation. In addition to that what 
happened is that there has been significant intensity in the bottom of pyramid. Now, even if the 
organized players which are not participating intensively, I mean in the sense that one change 
that happened, which we noticed from Q4 as some of the organized players in VAHO started 
raising prices. The trade intensity earlier was below the line and the pricing got transferred into 
below the line spends. Secondly, some of the smaller players are also therefore aggressive. So, 
what has essentially happened is the consumption, while it has grown in volume term, there has 
been a kind of a slight value degradation that has happened. Having said that, I think that's why 
I said that our task is to, and we are already seeing that in terms of the fact that in the last eight 
quarters, every quarter we have got value growth and we are now focusing on value market 
share. We have started getting value growth and as I said, still there's a journey in terms of doing 
a better job in the premium part of the portfolio. Now the premium part of the portfolio is now 
started just about growing. We believe in the last one or two months we’ve seen that growth. 
Suresh Pardeshi: 
Second question on the related PCNO? Have we dropped or taken any pricing action in this 
quarter or and now you're forced to take some action? 
Saugata Gupta: 
No, I don't think so. Having said that, as I said that we saw a slight deflation that happened in 
Q1. But we didn't take pricing action. That is perhaps one of the reasons, but the reason we don't 
want to take pricing action, we expected the thing to reverse which has reversed because taking 
frequent pricing action upsets the rhythm of the sale, so we actually weathered it out this quarter 

 
Marico Limited 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
and we expect now things to be okay and now pricing to be okay. Because what we didn't want 
is take a pricing action, as I told you last time in the call that given that PCNO has high STRs 
and a very widely distribution, it takes around 6 to 8 weeks for the pricing to realize. And then 
we shouldn't be underpriced in the market losing out on the margin and volumes in the first 
quarter. So, I think we have taken that kind of a stance where we wanted to wait because this 
frequent price up and price down actually is not good for the brand and for our rhythm of sales. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the last question from the line of Latika Chopra 
from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
My question was on overseas margins, the margins are 29%+ this quarter. What drove this? And 
do you think these will be sustainable? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
This is largely driven by again copra gains in Bangladesh and going ahead should be at the levels 
of 25-26%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Pawan Agrawal: 
To conclude, we had a slow start to FY24 on the top line front due to one-offs in the domestic 
business, but we draw confidence from underlying indicators of a pickup in domestic volume 
growth followed by tapering off in pricing deflation from here on. The international business 
has been resilient and we expect to sustain its healthy growth momentum. Given the commodity 
input cost environment, we will continue to aggressively invest to drive an improving trajectory 
of growth in the core and newer portfolio. That being said, we should be able to deliver healthy 
margin on a year-on-year basis through the year. To sum up, the full year earnings growth 
prospects as envisaged at the start of the year remain firmly intact. If you have any further 
queries, please feel free to reach out to our IR team and they'll be happy to address. Thank you 
and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Marico Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
