 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 19, 2023 
Sc - 17497 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Ref: ISIN:  
INE155A01022 – Ordinary Shares 
 
       
IN9155A01020 – ‘A’ Ordinary Shares 
 
       
Debt Securities on NSE & BSE 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 FY2023 and FY 2023 Earnings Discussion/Conference call 
 
 
With further reference to our letter sc no. 17357 dated April 29, 2023, intimating that post 
announcement of Financial Results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023, the 
Company will host an Earnings Discussion on Friday, May 12, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the earnings/conference call is available on the website of the Company at 
www.tatamotors.com  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited 
 
 
 
Maloy Kumar Gupta  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
MALOY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
MALOY KUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2023.05.19 
15:00:55 +05'30'

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – INTERIM CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA MOTORS 
LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML 
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX – ACTING CFO, JAGUAR LAND 
ROVER 
Sneha Gavankar: 
 
Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q4 and full year FY23 results call. I am joined today by Mr. P B 
Balaji, Group CFO, Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh Chandra, 
MD, Tata Motors Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. Adrian 
Mardell, Interim CEO, Jaguar Land Rover; Mr. Richard Molyneux, Acting CFO, Jaguar Land Rover, and my 
colleagues from the Investor Relations team. 
Today we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen only mode and we will be taking questions via the teams platform, which 
is already open for you to submit your questions. You are requested to mention your name and the name 
of your organization while submitting the questions. Now I will request Balaji to kindly take us through 
the presentation. 
PB Balaji: 
Thank you. Firstly, welcome all of you for the Q4 FY23 analyst call, and our intention is to quickly run you 
through the numbers and any color that we may want to give, and then spend as much time as possible 
on the Q&A as normal. A standard Safe harbor statement, nothing delta to report this time. Go to the next 
slide please. 
A pretty action-packed quarter both here as well as in JLR. And we were there at Auto Expo, which we 
gave a bit of color on last results call. And on top of that we also had the launch of the Tiago EV and 
Shailesh, I'm sure he is going to talk about that. We finished the first 10,000 sales of Tiago EV already. And 
we also completed the purchase of Ford Sanand facility, that has been done. And the final tranche of Rs. 
3,750 crores has also been received from the TPG Rise. And overall, on the e-mobility space as well as the 
zero-emission mobility space a lot of work happening, and portfolio continued to increase.Next slide.  
That's in India, into JLR, again an equally action packed quarter, where starting point is announcement of 
the blockbuster, the Range Rover BEV, launching next year for which booking start from October this year. 
And also we started talking about the Jaguar BEV launches as well, which I am sure Adrian and Richard 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
will talk about. We also talked about a long-term investment plan under our Reimagine, for a GBP 15 
billion investment over the next five years, and the whole electrification roadmap continues to accelerate. 
At the same time a very fundamental call on the House of Brands, where we will amplify the individual 
brands that's Range Rover, Defender, Discovery, and Jaguar in a big way, while continuing to be almost 
equivalent of an Intel inside as far as the Land Rover is concerned, and its features, I'm sure there will be 
a lot of questions on that, which we can pick up both today as well as in the Investor Day coming up. Next 
slide.  
Fair to say it has been an extremely satisfying quarter. And the reason I say, use that word is that, nice to 
see all the auto verticals coming together once again and this time with a lot of intensity as well. So both 
the alignment of the vectors are there and the magnitude of vectors are also increasing, which is what has 
translated into a strong set of numbers for the quarters, resulting on multiple highs and I will quickly cover 
that in the coming slides. We ended the year on a pretty strong note with revenue of around Rs. 1 lakh 
crores with an EBITDA of 13.3%, and the profit before tax and exceptional item of Rs. 5,000 crores. 
On a full-year basis, we hit our highest ever revenue at around Rs. 3.5 lakh crores and ended the year with 
a positive free cash flow of Rs. 7,800 crores, despite a very weak start in Q1 and Q2, which you see in the 
numbers. The business has been sequentially improving its performance and doing it in significant 
stretches. So, very happy with the way we have ended. Next slide please.  
Source of growth, in the quarter we grew by about 35%, of which volume and mix contributed 24% of the 
35% and the price came in at 10.5%, so price is still a very strong variable in our growth agenda. 
Profitability 3.2% went to 6.8% and all businesses contributing to it and JLR coming at a very large swing 
there, contributing to the 2.8% out of that delta there. Again debt continues to reduce at Rs. 43,700 crores 
and TML India at Rs. 6,200 crores, JLR GBP 3 billion i.e. Rs. 30,000 crores we talk about. So the FY24 net 
debt reduction plan, we are confirming, we will not be in a position to meet the FY24 numbers, but very 
clearly - FY25 we want this issue sorted out. Next slide.  
A series of headlines, normally we don't do that, but it's fair to just pull back and reflect on what this 
quarter and the year actually means for the Group. For us, each one of us in this call, we feel strongly 
about this, the highest-ever revenue in a quarter, the highest-ever EBITDA in a quarter, one of the 
strongest PBTs that we delivered and all three auto vertical simultaneously profitable, strong net debt 
reduction. That's all the quarter numbers. And if you factor in that the first half was a very weak first half, 
we still delivered the highest-ever revenue. We have the highest EBITDA since 2015, very strong PBT 
despite the weak start, after factoring the weak start. And India net debt lowest in the last 15 years, so 
it's worthwhile just to  mull over it to say, I would say, that the potential of this business is slowly starting 
to come out and that's what we would want to build on when we go into FY24. This is basically giving us 
the impetus to how we want to play at FY24. Next slide.  
This is also something which we are happy about, a dividend of Rs. 2 per share for the ordinary 
shareholders and Rs. 2.1 for the DVR shareholders, coming in after sometime. And this will obviously have 
to be a - the Board has recommended this and this will have to be approved in the ensuing shareholders 
meeting. And this will result in a cash flow of Rs. 771 crores as part of the plan i.e. this is factored into the 
debt reduction plan in any case. So again, very happy to see this. This has been a key demand for the retail 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
shareholders and I always maintained a turnaround is not complete unless we pay dividends and nice to 
see this number coming through as well. Next slide.  
With this, I think let me hand it over to Richard who will walk you through the numbers and between him 
and Adrian, they will cover the JLR section. Richard, over to you. 
Richard Molyneux: 
Great. So, Balaji has already explained some of the positive future announcements for JLR, so I get the 
chance to go through some positive historical financials as well. So if we go to the next chart left hand side 
of this is last year by quarter. So if you look through retail sales, very glad to see us back over 100,000 
units of retail sales for the quarter, that's up 20% versus Q3, and up 30% year-on-year. 
If you look through all of the financial metrics on this chart, through revenue, EBIT down to free cash flow. 
Note that each and every metric improves in each and every quarter. So we have demonstrated strong 
consistent growth through the year. In Q4, our revenue GBP7.1billion, that is our highest revenue that we 
have seen since FY19. EBITDA of 14.6%, 6.5% EBIT, strong PBT and GBP850 million worth of cash in the 
quarter. In fact, if you look at the second half of the year, we generated GBP1.3 billion worth of cash, that 
also is the strongest H2 cash performance for seven years, so since FY16. A strong performance in Q4. If 
you look at the full year, although there is some movement back in retails, that is the  natural effect of 
dealers destocking when we had tight supply and restocking now that supply is coming back on stream. 
Revenue was GBP23 billion, we produced 2.4% EBIT of the year, PBT was negative 64, but if you look 
through that, just like the old added game of two halves, our PBT in the first half of the year was minus 
GBP 697 million, in the second half of the year it was positive GBP 633 million. Free cash flow for the year 
GBP 521 million, also the best full-year cash flow since FY16. And we ended the year with GBP 3.8 billion 
worth of cash, GBP 5.3 billion worth of liquidity, and GBP 3 billion worth of net debt. So we have had, like 
I say, a strong consistent year. We do exit the year performing well. We also have an order bank, which 
currently stands at 200,000 units to assist us as we go to the start of this year. Okay, next chart. 
 I won't read through this, this is a written version of most of the comments that I've made, feel free to 
read it at your leisure afterwards, so if we go again. So, this is our wholesale performance. So wholesales 
for the quarter, 95,000 units, 19% up on the previous quarter and that's been driven by a much more 
stable and expanding production system. So our production actually increased from 83,000 units in Q3 to 
98,000 units in Q4. So that's also up 18%. And that's what’s allowed us to increase our wholesales and 
meet our customer demand in the period. 
The balance of our wholesales remains reasonably consistent, circa 50% of them are Range Rover, Range 
Rover Sport, Evoque, etc. Defender is another 25%, so 75%-76% between those two brands. Full-year 
basis the analysis is the same,50% Range Rover, 25% Defender. You’ll note we're still selling 43,000 
Jaguars, we are still making sure that those cars stay current. We’ve invested in technology on the F-PACE. 
We’ve invested in special additions to mark the 75th an’iversary of Jaguar as a sports car manufacturer. 
So we still are investing in those brands as well. Full-year, 321,000 wholesales. Next chart. 
So, if you look at this on a regional basis, you'll see reasonably strong through each region in the quarter, 
the one exception I'll call out and explain is North America, that’s not an issue of fundamental demand, 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
that's just our allocation timing. So although it looks like a reduction there, when you look at retails in 
North America quarter-on-quarter, it was 23,600 in Q3 22,300 in Q4, so hardly changed. And our customer 
order bank in North America is flat quarter-on-quarter. So that isn't a fundamental change in the demand 
signal from North America, it's just our timing of allocations. All other regions strong, including China, 
progressed in Q4 as well. Full year, very similar picture, I won't go through that. Worth saying on the right-
hand side that the proportion of our electrified vehicle is increasing. If you look at the BEV and the PHEV 
section at the bottom from 11% to 17%, that's the result of our, I'd say, increasingly compelling PHEV 
offers. So we have increased both the range and the performance of several of the PHEVs in the range 
and that is starting to show through in the market, along with the removal of some supply constraints that 
have impacted that. So we have had significant increase in the share of PHEV from vehicles in our 
wholesales. Next chart.  
Okay, so in terms of the financial walk, this takes PBT from the same quarter last year, where it was GBP9 
million to this quarter GBP 368 million. The biggest variable is volume and mix. And you can see there, 
probably worth mentioning that mix is a higher effect than volume. And this comes back to some of the 
issues around quality of sales, that we've been pushing during the past few months and we'll continue to 
push. So, that mix is driven by Range Rover and Range Rover Sport, but it is also driven by trim mix within 
our ranges and making sure that we are continuing to allocate those chips and components that we have 
to the vehicles which are most favourable for them. So, volume and mix very favourable. If you look at 
pricing and material cost together, this is the picture that I expected to happen and I told you would 
happen when we sat down last quarter. So we’ve moved to a position where our output inflation in terms 
of our pricing is now higher than our input inflation. That wasn’t the case last quarter. Last quarter pricing 
with GBP165 million favorable, material cost was GBP230 million adverse. So we've flipped that through 
the quarter and we intend for that to continue. 
Going through to SG&A, another care point there for us, SG&A is increasing, that is partly marketing, as 
we start to move to a scenario where we do want to trigger some more demand at the back end of this 
coming year. And also partly the investments in our transformation, particularly in terms of our digital 
transformation as a company. Operational FX did exactly what you would expect it to do, on a quarter-
by-quarter basis, Sterling has weakened, that helps us from a transactional basis but does give us a hit in 
terms of realized FX and unrealized commodities. The weakening of sterling versus the dollar gave us a 
favourable revaluation on our dollar-denominated loans which you can also expect. So, fundamentally the 
move in PBT quarter-to-quarter is volume to mix -- volume and mix and we've managed to offset input 
inflation and output inflation. 
Next chart. So this looks then at the move of that PBT through to cash, and look key here is in the middle 
section of here, cash profit after tax and investment is favourable GBP400million in the quarter. Working 
capital continues to move in our favour, that is partly natural as our business expands, our payables 
expand faster than our receivables. But also partly from some deliberate measures and initiatives that we 
put in place, using fairly advanced digital techniques, for example, to reduce our component inventory 
during the period. So that is  partly natural and partly from some deliberate efforts on our side, generated 
theGBP815 million worth of free cash flow that we reported. And next chart.  

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
In terms of investment, so total investment for the year was just under GBP2.4 billion, that is an increase. 
The biggest part of that increase is in engineering, which rose from GBP1.3 billion to GBP1.7 billion. That's 
a natural part of our product cycle. And you know that we have a large series of launches coming between 
the end of next year and 2026. Those are at the high point of the engineering at the moment. So that's 
what’s driving that expense up a bit. What you also see is that as those programs go through their various 
gateways and start to move to production. They get more capitalized, so our capitalization ratio is slowly 
increasing, it was 53% in the quarter versus 48% last quarter and for the full year it was 45% versus, sorry 
43% versus 35% last year. We would expect that capitalization to continue to increase probably to around 
the 60% range. We've also said, Balaji repeated this earlier on,  that this investment number will increase. 
We are expecting it to be around GBP3 billion a year for the next five years, as we continue to invest in 
both our electrified vehicles, electrified powertrains themselves and the electrical systems that support 
them. Okay. Next chart.  
 
 Right Now move on to a business update. If we move forward, but this chart which shows our average 
revenue per unit is really important and part of the demonstration of our journey towards modern luxury. 
So we've managed to increase our average revenue consistently over the last five years in FY'23 it moved 
up fromGBP62,000 to GBP71,000 so up by about 15%. Part of that is the increased production of Range 
Rover / Range Rover Sport. But even within the vehicle lines, we have continued to increase our focus on 
the higher-level trends. Including, for example, SV, so the Range Rover SV which was only launched 
October 21, already got 6,100 orders at an average transaction price of GBP180,000. We've even been 
testing the water north of that, we did a special edition Landsdown edition of the Range Rover SV, which 
transacted at around GBP250,000. So there is room for us to operate in this space, if we continue with 
diligence, our modern luxury journey. Next page.  
In terms of semiconductors, I think people have people have mentioned this a lot. My summary I think is 
probably three things. We are seeing fewer issues now, they’ve not completely disappeared, but we are 
seeing fewer of them. Our ability to see them in advance is improving due to our relationships with the 
chip manufacturers and with our suppliers. And when we do spot them, the number of tools at our 
disposals to solve those problems is increasing. So they are proving less of a, I'm going to say nuisance, 
that’s probably an understatement than they were last year and they could still come back to bite us, but 
it is considerably improving. Next chart.  
Okay, key for us is to make sure that we are progressively and in a stable manner, bringing our supply up 
to continue to build our order bank down, just to meet our customers' expectations with the arrival of 
their vehicles that they wanted. We are showing good progress in terms of getting Range Rover and Range 
Rover Sport through our facility in Solihull, went up 2,600 units per week during Q4, and we expect that 
rise to continue progressively as we go through next year, pushing north of 3,000 units per week during 
the year. Next chart.  
Inflation is still an issue for us. We do have considerable headwinds, we’ve shown them here at GBP850 
million for the year, of which about 40% are commodity prices and about a third were semiconductors, 
the rest is energy and labour cost both with us and with our supply base. So we knew these were coming 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
and we spent a large portion of last year, doubling down on our Refocus savings and can proudly say, that 
we've offset that and more than offset that in terms of our Refocus savings during the year. A lot of that 
was very detailed work in terms of making sure that we allocated those chips that we had to the vehicles 
that we wanted to sell. But there was also considerable work done on the cost side, on the investment 
side, and on the inventory side. So in total, we delivered GBP 1.1 billion in savings through the Refocus 
programs and that did offset the inbound inflation that we saw during the year. Next chart.  
So China, so we are really proud of the results of our China business, it’s best financial results for five 
years. And if you look at the left-hand side, segments of the market that we’re operating in are relatively 
stable. Our share of those segments is also relatively stable. So look, we know that market is really fast 
moving, really dynamic in the sections that we're operating in, we are maintaining our share. If you look 
at the financials on the right-hand side, it looks a little bit as if imports average revenue per unit isn't 
increasing as much as the global, that's a little bit of a misconception there is some profit from our P&A 
operation, our or after-sales operation. If you look purely at vehicle average sales per unit, for imported 
volume it is up 8% year-over-year. From a profitability standpoint, we were PBT positive in the quarter of 
13% EBITDA, 2% EBIT. On a full-year basis we were also PBT positive and EBIT and EBITDA were both 5% 
higher than FY22. So very good consistent progress within our China business, best financial year for five 
years. Next chart.  
Right, the fun pictures. We're continuing to develop our product range. If you look at the '24 model, year 
Velar on the right-hand side, that is –that’s as close to a flawless execution of our modernist design 
language that you're going to get. It's just beautiful. We have made some tweaks to the exterior. We've 
made some technology upgrades, for example, the PHEV now has a 20% higher range than it did 
beforehand it goes 40 miles WLTP without charge. And on the interior look, there are also some upgrades. 
So that vehicle is upgraded. And, on the right is the Range Rover Sport SV, you will want one, they are 
going to be phenomenal. And as I’ve mentioned before and we're extremely proud of the success of our 
Range Rover SV, and we've received 6,100 orders for that. We haven't even announced or started taking 
orders for this one yet. Next chart. 
So looking ahead, we are optimistic, so we exited FY'23 in a much stronger position than we started it. So 
we're on the right trajectory, and we have had strong and consistent progress. So we think FY'24 is going 
to be a good year for us. In reality, the first half may be a little bit slower, so I expect the second half of 
the year to be stronger than the first half. But we do have the momentum that we're looking for and we 
will have a good year. Our priorities is to continue to build our supply availability, our robustness, the 
accuracy with which we give our suppliers our forecasts. We'll continue to focus on brand activation, there 
is a lead-time with that, we have to start doing some of that now, to activate orders towards the back end 
of the year. We're going to execute our plans. And from a financial perspective, we're saying we're going 
to deliver 6% plus EBIT. GBP2 billion free cash flow after investment, which means our net debt will reduce 
from GBP3 billion at the end of the financial year just finished, to circa GBP1 billion, 12 months from now. 
That's it from my side. I'm sure we'll take some questions afterwards, but thanks very much for the 
meantime. 
 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Thanks, Richard. So quickly moving on to commercial vehicles, next slide please. 
 The registration market shares after the correction to the approach to a demand-pull strategy is now 
starting to recover. Our Q4 better than Q3, barring one which is the – what used to be called intermediate 
and light commercial vehicles, MGV’s is where we still need to get some further impetus on that. Very 
much part of the plan that Girish and team are working towards. But everywhere everything else starting 
to sequentially start improving. Next slide.  
On overall volumes, the call-out here is the powertrain mix that you see, with the CNG prices now coming 
under policy, and therefore expecting some stabilization in terms of the delta between that and diesel, 
one would expect to see the CV numbers, sorry CNG numbers starting to change as well. Next slide.  
Overall revenues, happy that we ended the quarter with a double-digit EBITDA, something that we said 
we want to get to as soon as possible. And the business ended the year pretty strong with revenue of 
around Rs. 21,000 crores and an EBITDA of 10.1%, and clearly, with market share starting to inch-up as 
well as profitability starting to improve, the business is in the right track. Further distance to go, but very 
much on track. Next slide. 
The source of money that you are seeing, where the profitability came from - volume, mix, realizations, 
savings, all coming through quite nicely. And we intend to keep it this way as we go forward. So the other 
big one is the consumer-facing metrics, which is a very, very important on a demand-pull strategy to 
ensure that the brand is in a strong wicket, very happy with the way things are starting to move. The brand 
is – with the interventions coming through, be it the power – the brand power,  the consideration top box, 
top of mind awareness, all trending in the right direction and some very good numbers even at a 
geographical level as well. And of course, the dealer satisfaction, as well as the composite satisfaction 
score doing pretty well.  
So let me give it to Girish to give an overall update on the business. Girish? 
Girish Wagh 
Yeah. Thanks, Balaji. So, I think the industry continued its growth in volumes, and one saw growth of 22% 
over the same quarter last year. And in annual terms a growth of almost 34%. During the year we launched 
more than 40 new products and 150 variants, in addition to what we had unveiled in the Auto Expo. As 
Balaji mentioned, we had highest annual and quarterly revenue for FY’23 and Q4 of FY’23. And I think as 
we started our discount reduction strategy from Q3, and as we continued ahead, we were able to grow 
our Vahan share, the registration share in Q4 versus Q3. With focus on continuously improving the 
product and service competitiveness, as well as our communication to the customer. I think the non-
vehicle business which has been a significant area of focus grew by almost 33%. And both spares and 
service penetration has been continuously improving for last three years now. With all this, the EBIT 
improved sequentially and is now highest in 21 quarters, with most of it coming from discount pullback, 
part of it from cost reduction and also commodities softening, which happened in H2. While the entire 
industry grew by 22% vs Q4 FY22 and 34% over the last year, I think the good part was significant growth 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
in the medium and heavy commercial vehicles, almost 52% over the last year. And the passenger segment, 
especially the buses, which were almost down and out during COVID, has seen a very good growth, finally 
in the year gone by. 
I think as Balaji showed some metrics, our continuous focus to improve the brand health through judicious 
mix of ATL communication, Digital communication, and also lot of influencer advocacy has actually led to 
a good improvement in net promoter score. And in fact net promoter score has reached the highest-ever 
level now to 71 and the brand power also grew by 170 bps. So, I think both at a very good levels. We have 
transitioned the entire portfolio to BS6 Phase II and in line with our philosophy, once again we have gone 
beyond near compliance to the regulations. And across the range in each and every product, we have 
further strengthened the superiority in terms of the total cost of ownership, comfort and convenience, 
connectivity in terms of Fleet Edge, as well as the safety features, which have been added especially in 
the trucks. 
On the CNG, interestingly, I think with the new guideline, apart from reduction in the CNG prices, I think 
the biggest uncertainty which was in the minds of the customers was about the difference in CNG prices 
with respect to diesel, and for that matter, even petrol. And this uncertainty had led to drop in CNG 
volumes significantly. So, with this new pricing guideline, not only the CNG prices have dropped, but it is 
also getting pegged with diesel, which will gradually start bringing in good certainty in the minds of the 
customer and we will see the CNG penetration increase. Towards this, I think we have a very strong CNG 
portfolio, both in ILCV as well as MCVs, and last year we launched our CNG vehicles and heavy trucks, as 
also our intra portfolio. So, I think we have CNG presence across the portfolio now. 
Going ahead for this quarter as well as FY’24, I think we will continue our focus on the retail now. And 
registration shares is what will drive us, and we will continue the realization improvement journey. As I 
have said, I think the BS6 Phase II products have come up with a lot of value enhancements, features, and 
performance improvement. And there will be a lot of efforts to communicate this not just to the 
customers, but also other stakeholders who play a very important role in decision-making. And therefore 
there will be a lot of influencer advocacy as well as actual in-field trials. Getting into this year, I think we 
will now start scaling up EV supplies with the supply chain being resolved, FAME certification clarity being 
there and both on ACE-EV as well as the electric buses, which are meant for the CESL tender. Downstream 
business will continue to grow being a focus area for us. And in international markets we will continue to 
play safe. We will maintain or grow market shares, ensure that margin and channel health is protected. 
And we will also see some of the new markets which we can enter during the year. Next slide.  
Coming to the electric mobility, so I think we have completed all our electric bus deliveries meant to be 
done, to Delhi Transport Corporation and Nagpur city. In addition to that, we have already started delivery 
of the CESL first tender with the Delhi Transport Corporation buses. And in addition to that, also a few 
retail customers or orders that we have received. We have delivered more than 300 ACE electric vehicles 
in fourth quarter. And here on, we can start ramping up significantly, as I said earlier, with clarity on supply 
chain as well as the FAME certification. 
I think in Auto Expo, we made a clear statement on our future roadmap, in terms of net-zero greenhouse 
gas emissions and the de carbonization plan with the display of 14 product concepts. On the smart city 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
mobility, as I said, I think the concession agreements have been signed with Delhi Transport Corporation 
for 1,500 buses. The supply has already been initiated, which will be followed by Bangalore, for more than 
900 buses, and then Jammu and Kashmir for 200 buses. I think now our e-bus fleet has crossed more than 
7 crore or 70 million kilometers. And we have been able to maintain more than 95% uptime in FY23. So 
we have been delivering better than the contractual conditions. The operational revenue has also been 
ahead of our own internal budget, doing well at around Rs. 500 crores. 
Coming to the digital businesses, so Fleet Edge continues to do very well. Now with more than 390,000 
connected trucks towards the end of FY23, and the monthly active usage is continuously increasing and 
customers are seeing a lot of value in terms of improvement in vehicle uptime, asset utilization, is also 
helping them for better tracking and optimizing the usage and driving habits, leading to improvement in 
the total cost of ownership. So, I think the clear benefits, which are being seen, as a result of which I think 
the penetration is continuously increasing. And in fact, I’m happy to share that from April 1, we have also 
introduced the subscription model for the Fleet Edge. And we have seen a very good encouraging 
response to this model. 
As I said, the engagement time has been improving consistently with the benefits being experienced by 
the fleet owners, as well as the drivers. E-Dukaan, which is our online spare parts marketplace, grew better 
than what we had targeted, in fact, it grew 2.8 times, although on lower base, but doing pretty well and 
we also extended E-Dukaan for diesel exhaust fluid as well as lubricants. So this will help us to grow these 
two business lines also. 
I think digital lead generation has been a focus area for us and this has helped us, not just to generate 
leads, but also communicate our brand message, product competitiveness and other aspects. This has led 
to improved brand health and therefore augurs very well for the future. So that’s what we’ve been doing 
in the commercial vehicle business. 
Balaji, back to you for PV. 
 
PB Balaji 
Yeah. Thanks, Girish. Moving on to the PV numbers, PV,EV -  next slide please.  
Call out here in PV as well, we are now going to report only Vahan registration market shares. We find 
that to be a far more reliable and closer to the customer metric. And the powertrain mix is another call 
out there, where you are seeing penetration of EV’s rising to 9% and CNG sitting at 8% there. Next slide.  
Again on the registration market shares of EV’s is growing to 84%, network now increasing to 165 cities 
and 250 dealerships, charging infra again increasing to 5,300.Next slide.  
Overall financials, we ended the quarter at 7.3% EBITDA with a PBT of Rs. 200crores. On a full-year basis 
the business was 6.4% EBITDA, at a PBT of Rs. 700 crores. And therefore this business is now strongly 
profitable, in terms of EBITDA. We still got a distance to go cover the 10% EBITDA, but happy to see from 
where we’ve come to the 6.4%. At the same time EBITDA positive, EBIT positive, PBT positive and cash 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
positive. One additional data point which we’ve pulled in this time is the EV financials, where there is been 
a lot of queries that you've been asking. I also see a question, say if I need to add EV plus PV, it doesn’t 
add up to this one, there are some intercompany that need to be canceled of as well, as part of 
consolidation. On the revenues – this business is now making an EBITDA loss of about Rs. 350 odd crores. 
Out of the Rs. 350 odd crore, that’s the 4.6% negative that you see there. Out of Rs. 350 crores, Rs. 300 
crores is product development costs that are being charged-off .And therefore this business is almost 
EBITDA neutral and this needs to be seen in the context of a run-away increases in lithium prices. The 
reason I bring it out is that, we believe the EV from a sustainable profitability perspective is in the right 
track. This does not include any PLI credits or anything that is being accrued. So this is underlying 
profitability I’m referring to. A $1 billion business – roughly a $1 billion business with broadly neutral 
EBITDA that is where we are, on an underlying basis. Next slide.  
These are obvious, only thing, why is the structural fixed cost going up there, substantial increase in FME, 
as you see the brands building up, there is also element of IPL phasing that will be there, as we go ahead 
of that. Employee cost is basically investments that are happening in the EV business and D&A expenses 
again, as the product investments pickup up there. So all these are good investments that are happening 
for the long-term viability of the business. 
Next slide. Let me give it to Shailesh. 
Shailesh Chandra 
Thank you, Balaji. So let me start with the key highlights of the industry first. So FY23 for the industry was 
the highest ever since the last highest ever which was in FY19 which was 3.4 million, this year ended at 
3.9 million, which was nearly 27% growth versus FY22. SUVs continue to increase in terms of share, 
increased by 300 bps to 43%. And EV’s - industry saw phenomenal growth of 170% with several new 
launches and increasing acceptance of EV among customers. 
As far as Tata Motors PV and EV business is concerned, this was our highest-ever wholesale year, which 
was nearly 5.4 lakh volumes, with the Vahan market share of 13.5%. This is nearly 45% growth as 
compared to FY22, which was, if you just compare with industry growth, which was 27%. Our EV sales 
crossed a major milestone of 50,000, this includes about 2,200 volumes that we did in international 
business. Vahan market share was around 84%, despite increasing competition. We have already 
mentioned that in PV business we grew by 45% as compared to FY’22, but it was a growth of 150% in the 
EV business for us. We were the number one SUV manufacturer in FY23 and Nexon was the number one 
product in the SUV segment. 
Going forward, what are the bright spots, we clearly see that there are several new launches happening 
in the SUV space, which will augur well for the growth in this financial year. CNG demand with the prices 
coming down is also expected to pick up, and several new launches happening in the EV space and 
increasing acceptance of EV’s, I think this will also augur well for the EV segment. For Tata Motors, very 
happy to see that we transitioned to BS6 Phase II early February itself, and that has really helped us to 
ensure a very smooth transition. Several new launches, which are going to drive demand, Nexon EV Max, 
in hashtag version has been receiving very good response. We recently launched it. This month, we are 
also launching the twin cylinder technology in Altroz, which is Altroz iCNG, which retains the entire boot 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
space in the CNG, which is first of its kind, very innovative concept. And of course, this year we’ll see some 
of our products going through the mid-cycle enhancement. 
We have few players in certain segments – we are only one player in at least one segment where we are 
still in diesel segment. And that should also help us improve our sales in the diesel side. Talking about 
some of the challenges or headwinds, mainly the entry side of the PV industry which is hatches and sedan, 
is – has been under pressure for some time. The channel inventory, as compared to where we started the 
last financial year in FY22, is at a higher level. Pent-up demand clearly has gone down, barring certain new 
launches in a few popular SUVs. And recently price increase has been taken by OEMs to basically offset 
the cost increases which have happened because of the RDE transition. So this might –we have to watch 
the impact of this. From Tata Motors side, the way we are preparing ourselves is to focus on demand 
generation through micro-market focus and actions to improve the conversion rates. We are growing our 
portfolio both on CNG and EV, both are expected to see good growth this year, and therefore we should 
be the beneficiary of that. And of course, we’re driving margin improvement through an institutionalized 
cost-reduction initiative, as well as what we have as internal nomenclature nine-box framework. So both 
on margin as well as demand generation, we have clear action plans laid out. 
Back to you Balaji. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you, Shailesh. Next slide, please. 
Okay, perfect. So moving on to the overall CV+PV. Investments, we ended the year with Rs. 6,400 crores 
of investment spending, and this is likely to increase to Rs. 8,000 crores next year, as we step-up the whole 
electrification investments both in CV and PV. That’s the main trust of those delta that is coming through. 
Next slide.  
On the cash flows, overall the operating – the cash profit after tax and capex. I see in the questions, some 
of the doubts lingering in terms of – as how do we treat Capex? Let me be clear, for us what we call out 
as free cash flows, is operating cash, less Capex, less working capital changes and any finance expenses 
that we incur, so it’s the entirety of it. So this is the free cash flow after all these investments. This year 
we ended at Rs. 3, 800 crores of free cash flows for this quarter (Q4 FY23). And then the full year we ended 
at Rs. 2, 400 crores of free cash flows after all these investments. And hearteningly, all the Capex is funded 
by the cash profit after tax, so it’s extremely self-sustaining business that we have. On a full-year basis, 
working capital in Q4 normally reverses. Full-year basis no impact at all as working capital, so what we are 
seeing is Rs. 2,400 crores is completely cash profit after tax, less Capex, less finance expenses. Next slide.  
Tata Motors Finance, we did signal that this business, the entire restructured portfolio we want to have a 
very, very close watch on it. And two things have happened this quarter. One is, we have taken a hard 
look at the restructured book and taken adequate provisions to ensure that this book now completely is 
taken care of. And we started off the concerted collection efforts and that has ensured that the GNPA is 
now starting to sharply trend down. We did 2.6% in this quarter and the absolute numbers of GNPA are 
also starting to come down sharply, and we will intend to maintain that. And the capital adequacy remains 
comfortable even at these levels. And the business is now pivoting squarely to quality, focusing on 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
delivering double-digit ROE in the medium term, with a focus on improving NIMs, lowering the credit 
losses, and very tight control on fixed costs. So business is being run for ROA and/or ROE as well, as the 
case maybe. Next slide.  
Just from a credit rating perspective, we had S&P upgrade us by a notch and domestically, ICRA has also 
revised our outlook to positive and we will be engaging with them after the results, for the others as well. 
Next slide.  
We do invite your for the Investor Day, both in Tata Motors and in JLR. In India it is on June 7th in Mumbai 
and in JLR its on June 12th at Gaydon, the new headquarters of JLR. Next slide.  
So overall outlook, how do we see it, I think on the demand side, we remain optimistic, despite some near-
term uncertainties that could be there. And inflation we expect it to be moderate. As far as FY24 is 
concerned, as I said earlier’ it's a year of where we have to deliver. We are squarely focused on putting 
our heads down and executing this plan and ensuring we make it count for the full year. As far as the 
momentum is concerned, it will build through the year keeping in mind, there is an element of seasonality, 
and JLR is stabilizing its supply chain from where it has come. So we want to stabilize it. And of course 
there is a post-RDE impact in India, that’s the only reason we are calling this out as the momentum building 
through the year, so we don’t get carried away. At the same time, the plans of JLR continuing to, which 
Richard just talked about. CV - ensure the demand-pull strategy continues, double-digit EBITDA to be 
delivered and profitable growth in all the business verticals that Girish talked about, that's an important 
priority for us. And PV, EV the plan is to continue to remain aggressive. 
With this let me end the talk from our side and move it on to Q&A. And we already have a fair number of 
questions that have come through. Let me pick them up one by one, in the order in which they actually 
appeared. 
 
Questions and Answers session 
PB Balaji 
So first it's coming from Binay. Talking about EV financials, and I think I covered, Binay, the PV plus ICE 
revenues why they are more than PV business. TMETC, Trilix we don't want to comment on the smaller 
subsidiaries that are there -  they are design centers, they don't materially move the needle, they should 
be treated as part of the design cost that we incur. And, PLI not considered, government grants nothing 
as far as EV business is concerned, nothing has been considered that are there. And headwinds, tailwinds, 
let me give it on to Shailesh to talk about, because that’s also coming through in one other question as 
well. 
Shailesh Chandra 
Sure. So as far as, let me talk first about the ICE segment. As far as tailwinds are concerned, I think what 
is really going to support growth are going to be the new launches, refreshes that will been launched by 
the various OEMs in this financial year. We are still seeing the demand in terms of bookings for the 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
industry are remaining strong. So that’s a good news that demand has not dropped. Of course, there are 
certain segments, especially in the entry segment, which I mentioned, is under pressure and bit of interest 
rates even now also impacting the vehicle financing interest rates and all. We’ll have some impact or 
definitely again on the entry segment. As far as EVs are concerned there is hardly any headwinds that I 
see, I only see the tailwinds. There are several launches, which are going to happen in this space, and that 
is going to expand in the market. There is a growing acceptance of EVs among the consumers, and that is 
continuing to help. We are seeing every quarter the industry is growing big in size. In fact, if you really see 
the monthly rate of sales of EVs has grown to 8,500 to 9,000 per month for the industry, which is very 
high, just one week back it would have been 4,000 or so. So I believe that EV industry will have all these 
tailwinds apart from the various states which are also coming with very progressive policies. PLI and all, I 
think the environment is very favorable for EV’s. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you, Shailesh. Richard, first question coming to you and then Adrian something coming your way 
as well. Can you give us  push-pull factors for margins next year, this is coming from Kapil. You are currently 
at 6.5%, guidance is 6% plus. How does this workout? Some color would be helpful. 
Richard Molineux 
Yes, of course. So we're expecting volumes next year to be circa 400,000, so a little bit higher than our Q4 
run rate. On the positive side we're also expecting supplier inflation to start to reduce. Some of it will 
become embedded in terms of their labor rates, some of it in terms of commodity rates and utility rates, 
starting to show signs of coming-off the peaks. On the other side, we, at the moment we have foreign 
exchange rates that are slightly less favorable than we had during the course of Q4. And we will need to 
start investing in marketing to secure the order intake that we need towards the back end of the year. 
Finally, I think the other negative is we do expect, I saw some questions on that later on, we do expect 
VME to increase, but we expect that to be a creep rather than a leap. So we are not going to get into mass 
discounting of cars for our cars, , we're a modern luxury player. We do expect VME to creep up. So I'd say, 
FX, marketing and VME a little bit adverse. Volume and supplier inflation is a little bit favorable.  
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Adrian, there is a series of questions coming from Chandramouli of Goldman. 
We have guided to a 6% EBIT margin and GBP 2 billion cash flow this year. Last year we started in a similar 
way at 5% EBIT and GBP1 billion FCF. What is giving you the confidence that this time around, things will 
be different, one. Second, order bank - also saw another question somewhere else, order bank at 200K, 
and if you net out sales and arrive at -  the number seems to be much lower in terms of new orders coming 
in, need some color there. Second point. Third, a very interesting question on, what's behind the thinking 
of the JLR rebranding? Is it just corporate action or there is something happening on the ground, which 
will -- which has triggered this stuff? 
 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
Adrian Mardell 
Yes. Thanks, Balaji I'll take them in the order that they’ve been asked. Look for the last 12 months, we've 
been optimistic about breaking through on supply. And the truth is for the first six months that we were 
too optimistic. Our breakeven has been in place, it's been in place for more than 12 months, at the 300,000 
units. And simply put, we had to build more than 25,000 cars per month, of course. And we really didn't 
get to that point to Q3 and you can see as soon as we have got to that point, which was a mixture of 
overall supply with semiconductors and the MLA products, don't forget they're super crucial to our 
business model. They starting to come through in proportions we need from about November last year. 
So it’s those two things, which really moved us from a loss-making to a quite an aggressive and significant 
profit-making business. Breakeven still the same, we know the suppliers hire with new semiconductors -- 
supply we secured from January. And we know our MLA production units, as Richard showed in the 
presentation, they’ve grown to that 2,600 plus a week. So the two critical things we're waiting for 
happened in quarter three, continued at pace in quarter four. And we believe will continue now into FY'24, 
we can see it in the data we've seen in the first six weeks. So not only have we broken through but we can 
see the continuation of that, into the first half of this year and beyond. From an order bank perspective, 
the 200,000 units, look it's still too high. I think that's the first point we have to make here, right. We don't 
have an expectation and aspiration for200,000 units of orders, it’s two reasons. It's a symptom of supply 
being too low and production being too low, and it's a symptom of the appeal for our vehicles that people 
have been prepared to wait for as long as they actually have. But the reality is a healthier order bank is a 
lower order bank than 200,000 units. So my anticipation is, it will continue to fall by about 5,000 units per 
month over the first half of this year. And to Richard's point, if that continues to happen and our supply 
increases as at that time we expect it to do so, and we will be stimulating further orders. But if you look 
at any of our websites, particularly on the most sought-after vehicle the Range Rover, a lot of those order 
times are now 12 to 18 months. We are not stimulating orders beyond 12 to 18 months at this point. To 
the proportional share point, which is in the question, 200,000 orders at the end of March, 76% of them 
were Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Defender. So it's still very skewed towards our three most 
modern, most luxurious nameplates today. And in terms of the brand question, the point there number 
three, now I'll reiterate what I actually said and was quoted within the media. Land Rover is the trust mark 
for three brands. And when you think about it the characteristics of those individual brands, Range Rover, 
Defender, and Discovery, are different. And if we truly -- they're underpinned by the trust mark. So the 
off -road capability, the versatility of the vehicle, the safety within the vehicle, the technologies are in all 
of the brands. But if we're really going to grow our business in modern luxury, we absolutely have to focus 
on the distinct characterizations within those brands. 
Look we know Range Rover is about luxury, quietness, serenity. We know Defender is about utility, go 
anywhere. We know Discovery is about family size and the utility of being able to, in the broadest sense 
use this as a family traveller vehicle. We understand those things we have for a long time, but we have to 
deepen the understanding and the characteristics of vehicles because clients will be attracted to 
individually those brands, not just to Land Rover going forward. That's already clear in most of our biggest 
markets China, USA, Middle East. So that's why we've actually elevated those sub-brands above the trust 
mark to Land Rover, and that's what we're going to keep working through and working on going forward. 
Back to you, Balaji. 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Thanks, Adrian. This is coming from Jemma, J.P. Morgan. I think this question is picked up by 
someone else as well, saying that, can we give color on the free cash flow guidance and the net debt 
reduction for next year? How much of it is due to working capital and how much of it is due to underlying 
cash flows? One kind of a question. Second kind of a question within that, you are increasing Capex to 
GBP 3 billion but still guiding for debt going down to GBP1 billion. Richard, can you reconcile the two for 
us? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah. Sure. So we are going to increase our investment from GBP 2.35 billion this year to GBP 3 billion 
next year. Even considering that increase of GBP 650 million of investment, we are anticipating and expect 
to generate beyond that GBP 2 billion worth of cash to take our net debt position, down from GBP3  billion 
to GBP 1 billion. In terms of the proportion of that cash generation, that is operational and working capital, 
what I'd say, certainly for the first half of the year, the majority of it will be operational. Working capital a 
little bit more in the second half of the year. But if you, you only need to look at our cash flow generation 
in the last six months, GBP1.3 billion, after about GBP1.3 billion worth of investment in the last six months. 
So we are a strong cash-generating business, when we're functioning at the type of levels that we're 
talking about. Adrian has mentioned several times our breakeven volume is around 300,000 units. I've 
mentioned that next year we should be operating at 400,000 units, that's where we get our EBIT and cash 
returns from. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Thanks, Richard. One question, if Ben is there, do you intend to come to the bond market and 
will you do some sort of senior secured debt? The second, the latter part I can answer, clear answer no. 
First part, Ben, over to you. 
Ben 
Sure. So I think that at some point we will come back to the bond market, we've been a regular issuer. But 
I think we'll just keep monitoring the market for the right time. I think part of it is our financial 
performance is improving as we've talked about here today and potentially some benefit in continuing to 
wait, we can pace we expect that to continue. But on the other hand, there are plenty of uncertainties in 
terms of needing to go to the market. I don't think there is any need. As has been explained, we expect 
significant positive cash flow in the year and that is after significant investment spending. So, we don’t 
need to fund investment spending. I think it would be more a matter of managing our liabilities. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Thanks, Ben. Question to Richard, and then another one  - same thing to Shailesh and this is 
from Rakesh, BNP Paribas. 
JLRs investment of GBP15 billion, can you give us a rough idea of how much of that is going into R&D EV 
product development, how much going into ICE? 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes. So look, this year our total engineering went up by GBP 400 million to GBP1.69 billion. I would expect 
that to continue to increase a little bit next year. However, the majority of the increase over the next 
couple of years is going to be in capital, as we industrialize all of our 2024, '25, '26 car lines into Solihull 
which is where we will be producing Jaguar and where we are producing the Range Rover BEV, adding to 
Halewood which is where we will be producing EMA. So in the short-term, it will be partly an increased 
engineering, in the next 18 months - two years, capital will be the primary part of the increase. In terms 
of EV and ICE, we are going to have to continue to invest in ICE to meet the Euro 7 regulations that came 
through. However, obviously, the vast balance of our efforts is in the EV space as the majority of the 
launches that we have post now are EVs. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Question to Shailesh. In terms of with the domestic PV market competition is obviously picking 
up, especially with clear head-on competition to Nexon and Punch. Any ideas of how you are preparing 
to defend your volume and market share? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yes. So see, we have seen in the past also and last year also we have seen that in SUV segments whenever 
there is a new model which gets launched typically the segment expands. And this expands because it is 
channelizing flow from existing segments into SUV segments. This has been at the cost of hatches going 
down or sedans going down. So, I think that phenomenon is going to continue despite. And Nexon 
segment, you have already seen that this segment has seen every year addition of new models and only 
the segment has expanded. And we as a company have been seeing increasing volumes of Nexon. Similar 
thing in Punch, so this is one - volumes will get channelized from other existing segments to this, so the 
segment is going to expand. From our perspective we will keep the excitement in these two products high, 
through several interventions, New Forever interventions we keep on bringing. Recently we got the #Dark,  
Punch we came with CAMO,  but also at the same time, let's take for example, punch, we are going to 
bring CNG variant here with the twin cylinder technology and this is going to be unique in the market. We 
are also planning to bring EVs, so we are very confident that these two products will be able to sustain 
the volumes. Of further actions, how we will further grow from where we are, and both in terms of volume 
and market share, we are going to add new nameplates and we have showcased that in Auto expo, Curvv, 
Sierra, these are new nameplates, which are going to get launched. There's going to be a steep increase 
in the EV volumes. We are expanding our portfolio in the CNG segment, so I think we have several levers, 
which are going to increase our volumes, as well as market share. 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Next is from Gunjan. I think the JLR side of the questions have all been answered. So let 
me move to the PV side, I think that's also coming from Ashish later on as well. India PV, the volumes are 
at 540K and at this level capacity utilization is extremely high, 65% SUV share. From here on what is there 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
for the margin improvement drivers? And why do we, and why are the margins still not as strong as others 
who are there in the market and your plans for the same? 
Shailesh Chandra 
So one thing I would like to say that, last year, if you see the EBIT has increased by 300bps. So it is an 
improving trend and significantly improving trend, the whole benefit of operating leverage has been fully 
realized. The margins at a contribution level has been increasing. Of course, alongside we are also seeing 
a steep growth of EV business. There the margins I think, Balaji, very well explained that it is underlying 
margins are strong, but there is a huge product development expense which also gets charged-off. So it 
will have an impact. But there are plans in terms of how we are going to strengthen the margins for EVs. 
And also, as you know, the battery prices had gone up significantly by 35%, the cell prices had gone up. 
There was huge semiconductor open market purchase, which was being done. All these are factors which 
we reclaim back. Battery prices are going down, semiconductor open market buys have come down. So 
these are all positive things which are going to favorably influence the contribution for EVs. Also there is 
a deep localization that we are doing, which is going to further bring down the cost. So there are a lot of 
actions on the EV side, which is going to improve the margin, including, the new models, which we are 
going to launch, is going to be in the SUV, higher SUV segments, which will be better in margin. I'm not 
talking even about PLI and all, because -- and we have a clear pathway to bring this to say, at a contribution 
level into a double-digit margin closer to where we are in PV. And on top of that, of course, we are going 
to have the PLI benefit and all. 
On the PV side, I think again, a richer mix is what we are expecting in the coming years, which is going to 
strongly support. There is an institutionalized cost reduction plan with a very aggressive plan that we are 
taking a benchmark and tearing down at a component level. So all these actions, I'm sure that we are 
going to continue to improve on the margins. 
PB Balaji 
 Thanks. I think there's another question, which Ashish had asked under those guidance for a 10% margin 
in PV. Just to correct, that is the EBITDA margin we are referring to. That is what we want to reach. And 
Shailesh has already explained his drivers for the same. Question to both Shailesh and Girish, industry 
growth both in India -- by India for CV and PV, given the demanding base is there, how do you want to? 
Do you want to start with CV? 
Girsh Wagh 
Yeah. Okay. So I think while the industry has grown pretty well in FY23 over the previous year, I think we 
have to keep in mind that the industry volumes are still below the previous peak of FY19, that's point 
number one. Point number 2 is, I think generally in the pre-election year, that is the general election, year 
before general elections, market has always grown, especially because of the government spending. And 
I think this year in the budget, we are looking at almost record spending on infrastructure by the 
government. I think these are good tailwinds for the industry. And as a result, I think the industry should 
grow further during this year, although it may be in single-digits and growth may vary across the year, as 
well as across various segments. So, one would see highest growth happening probably in buses, because 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
the buses still are at a lower level followed by a good growth in the medium and heavy commercials. It 
appears that the ILCVs may remain flat compared with the last year and the small commercial vehicles 
may grow a bit. In terms of timing, it appears that the first quarter may degrow a bit Y-o-Y, because of 
some pre- buy effect and also the transition into the BS6 Phase II and the price increase, which has 
happened. But after that, one would see growth in Q2, Q3, as well as Q4. So I think that's how we see how 
the markets will grow. Overall, it appears that we will see a single-digit growth at the industry volume 
level. Thanks. 
Shailesh Chandra 
So on the PV side, I would say that, we are very clear that the secular trend of growth of the industry is 
going to remain intact, because of the underlying drivers that drive penetration levels. And also given that 
now the market is having a lot of upgrade customers. So people are wanting to upgrade the vehicles and 
that is the phenomenon that we have been seeing when it comes to SUV growth. And therefore going 
forward, while there was a very steep growth of 27% in the last financial year, also, thanks to the pent-up 
demand and low inventory levels that we had at the start of FY23, I think that helped in driving this kind 
of growth, which was 27%. Otherwise, which could have been much lower, I would say. So, therefore, this 
year would be, growth would be slightly moderate in the zone of 5% to 7%. But I'm sure that beyond this 
financial year, the growth will come back to double-digit number, is what I'd say. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you, Shailesh. Question from Kapil on EV margins is already covered. I think there is a question of 
PLI that is there in various places, where do we stand on PLI? Shailesh, could you pick that? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yes. So, as far as PLI is concerned, there have been a lot of engagement with the Ministry of heavy 
industries on this topic and discussions have revolved around the domestic value additions. And MHI has 
been very receptive of the inputs from our side. There have been several inputs that have been given. And 
of course, the requirement from the MHI to establish the extent of DVA that any OEM has attained was a 
bit stringent which has been brought to a level which is now practical. And we are going to be working on 
that. And hopefully, the first model is what we are going to submit with the DVA status very soon. From 
there on, we'll probably secure the PLI eligibility for all our models. Most, all the models that we are selling 
today as per our estimates, cross DVA requirement and going forward, we are very confident of availing 
the PLI benefit.  
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Two questions from Kapil saying, I think, Girish, coming your way, April volumes much 
weaker than industry for Tata Motors, what's happening and when we expect growth to return? And 
trucking conditions, how is that trending and how are dealer inventories? 
 
 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
Girish Wagh 
Right. So, Kapil, first of all on the volumes, I think first point is, because it is aligned to the retail. I think 
the retail volumes in April have dropped after the pre-buy effect in the month of March. So as we said 
that we will align our production and offtake to retail, I think that is the first thing. Second, of course, as I 
mentioned earlier, when we have transitioned to BS6 Phase II, I think there is a significant change, which 
has been done in the entire product portfolio. Every product in the portfolio, one has seen significant 
improvement in terms of power to weight ratio, total cost of ownership, comfort and convenience, safety 
and as a result, there were some supply chain issues also in month of April, which will get addressed from 
this month of May. Finally, as I already answered, I think Q1, we see that there would be a de-growth in 
retail registration volumes because of the pre-buy effect, but the growth will come back from Q2. As far 
as trucking sentiment Index is concerned, for the tippers, it has gone up, which was expected. I think for 
other segment, which is trucks, ILCVs, small commercial vehicles, they have dipped marginally. And that 
was also expected after a strong Q4. But as I said, I think, equation between headwinds and tailwinds, I 
think the tailwinds should prevail after some time and therefore, one would still see growth happening 
from Q2. In terms of dealer inventories, I mean, very happy that the inventories continue to be healthy, 
especially after very good retail that happened in Q4. And we will continue at this level and because we 
are matching retail, off take, production in that sequence, I think this will remain at good level. 
Balaji, I will take the next question also. 
PB Balaji 
Yeah, let me quickly cover that for people who are not seeing the question that you’re taking. This is on 
the entire EV buses, GCC model. Are EV buses viable without FAME subsidy, just a basic question. And will 
you participate in future MSRTC orders, given that you are not participated in the recent CESL tender? 
Girish Wagh 
Okay. So, let me take the first one. See, as far as the electric buses, bulk of those are being consumed 
today by the government and most of those are now also being consumed in the own operate maintain 
model, which is an Opex model and not a Capex model, right? So, even if the FAME subsidies are not 
there, finally, it will lead to some increase in the Opex that is the charge per kilometer and that will be 
part of the bids that all the OEMs will give. And that will then get translated into the ticketing or the ticket 
rates, which will be there. So I don't think this should have an impact especially on the gross cost contract 
model. As far as private customers retail models are concerned, and the retail customers are concerned, 
there is an increasing interest, and because many of the corporates would also like to start moving 
towards their net-zero goal for greenhouse gas emissions, and therefore, they would like to move or move 
towards electric buses for their employee transportation, so this should also continue. 
And lastly, I think the 5,000 MSRTC order or any other order, I think let me once again clarify it. We did 
stay away from the second tender of CESL because we had requested for a payment security mechanism 
to the government and the government agencies, which didn’t get implemented in tender two and 
therefore we stayed away. A third tender was also released by CESL, in which there was only one player 
who bid, other - all other players didn’t bid, because this payment security mechanism wasn't there. And 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
therefore that tender will be re-bid. And we will continue to engage with the government to craft the 
payment security mechanism, which will make the whole model bankable. Once that is done, I think we 
will be very much into this game. Balaji? 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Thank, Girish. Jinesh you've asked a series of questions, a lot of details. My suggestion, we will 
take it offline with you, so these numbers we can supply to you offline. So kindly pardon me, it's going to 
take a long time to go through all your questions here. 
Moving onto Joseph, IIFL. This is an order flow conversation, which I think has already been covered and 
therefore similarly the working capital piece has also been covered. The additional new questions coming 
up is activation of Sanand plant, will it bring in negative operating leverage, and how do you intend to deal 
with it? 
It's fair to say some cost is coming in without the revenue, but it's part of the long-term capacity planning. 
Therefore it is part of the overall mix that we play with. So, our guidance for getting to that double-digit 
EBITDA includes these stuff, but that's how volume is going to come. So I'm not concerned about that. 
Coming on to Ashish, I think this is on battery, with this new area let's talk about that. There are comments 
in the media on the battery plants in India and EU, and you can give some color on this? 
All we can say at this point in time is conversations are underway, with both in India as well as in Europe. 
And we intend to come to a conclusion sooner rather than later. And when we do that, we will take you 
through it in greater detail, so you can understand everything related to that. Volume guidance, we don't 
give, I think everything we have to say, we already said so further guidance is we don't intend to give. 
Initial talking about India FCF generation. Fair point, we have talked about JLR. India will also be positive 
in free cash flows and it will be integral to one more contributor to the net debt reduction that we have 
in mind, despite the Rs. 8,000 crore spend that we have on the Capex. 
Second, this is for Adrian coming your way from Stephanie, under house of brands, Jaguar intents to 
launch of premium GT, given the recent price cuts that have come from competition, are you concerned 
about it? 
Adrian Mardell 
There is work to do for sure. But we have really cleared the positioning of this brand going forward. We 
announced that the pricing of this will be more than 100,000 units, position as a very low breakeven point, 
so work to do not concerned at this point now. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. The second one related different question is does JLR intend to reinstate the dividend if cash 
flow exceed the expectations in FY24? 
The dividend policy has been approved by the Board for JLR and the Board at an appropriate time will take 
a look at it and it will be as per the dividend policy. 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
Next question from Chirag. Volumes, Q1 as base volume and it keep rising, will it lead to some adverse 
mix? And commodity benefits, are they likely to flow in?  Richard, you want to take that? Then I'll come 
to CV here? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah. Sure. So on the 94,000 that we sold in Q4, I think I said, we expect the first half of the year to be 
sort of around that type of level. Will it lead to some adverse mix? No, it won’t. We mentioned we have 
an order bank of 200,000, 76% of those are Range Rover, Range Rover Sport, and Defender and those are 
the orders that will be fulfilling during that period, largely. 
In terms of commodity benefits, yes, we do expect, as I mentioned beforehand, some of the inflationary 
pressures at the suppliers start to come down. Commodity rates being part of that, utilities as well. 
Whereas some of the inflationary impact on our suppliers, particularly in terms of their labor costs are 
going to be embedded and will probably continue to grow. So there are some upsides and some 
downsides in terms of our supply cost, but we expect the rate that I showed you in terms of outbound 
inflation exceeding inbound inflation to continue. 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. A question Girish your way and also there is a question below that has the same thing, 
discount pull back in Q4. Was it driven by pre-buy or is it a new normal? And can you give a rough sense 
of how much discount have you pulled-off? 
Girish Wagh 
So, I think, the quantification of discount pullback, Balaji has already shown in his presentation, there was 
a clear reconciliation in the slide. Now coming to this discount pullback, I would rather like to say that it 
is about customer value perception. So what we have been focusing on two, three things, one is 
continuously increasing the customer value. And second is taking a lot of efforts in communicating that 
value and ensuring that the customer experiences that values, so it would be a mix of communication 
whether it is ETL, influencer advocacy or in market trials. A lot of work has been done and we have been 
consistently increasing that customer value, basis which we are able to increase the market operating 
prices. So it is, I would say a function of customer perceived value and that to how does the customer 
compare it with the competitive offers that he or she has. So I think our focus has been to continuously 
improve that. And I can say that, when we transitioned to BS6 Phase II, we have been able to do a step 
change because that opportunity was available during product development. Balaji? 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Thanks, Girish. 
There is a question on PV outlook, seems to have changed significantly in the quarter, I think Shailesh has 
already covered as to how we see the industry scenario going forward, so we stick to that. Clarification on 
whether Tata Motors will incur battery Capex? 

   
                                                                                                     Tata Motors Limited  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
No, that will be done by Tata Sons Company. The company has already been set up under the name of 
Agratas Energy Storage Solutions Private Limited. So that has already been created. So it will come through 
that company. 
So I think with this we have come to the end of the session. I really like to thank you for taking the time 
and the probing questions that you have been asking us. Do feel free to reach out to our team in case you 
need further clarifications and specific details that you require. Thank you, and look forward to speaking 
to you in the next quarter. Bye-bye. Thank you. 
 
