 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
Corporate Office: 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122 002, Haryana, India. Ph: + 91 12-4518900 
Registered Office: B-6/20, L.S.C., Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-110 029, India, Ph: +91-11-40511800 
E-mail: enquiries@sandhar.in, website: www.sandhargroup.com; CIN-L74999DL1987PLC029553  
 
 
Ref: STL/SE/ 2023-24/Investor Call Transcript/27 
 
Dated: 14th August, 2023 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400 051 
 
 
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call held for Q1 FY 2023-2024  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With further reference to our letter dated 07th August, 2023 related to the Investor Conference Call 
and pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(ao) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor’s Conference 
Call held on 11th August, 2023, to discuss the Financial Results for the Quarter ended the 30th June, 
2023. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company’s website viz. 
https://sandhargroup.com/investors/transcript-of-conference-calls-with-investors-analysts. 
 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Komal Malik 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
 
Komal Malik
Digitally signed by Komal Malik 
Date: 2023.08.14 14:29:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2023 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CO-CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sandhar Technologies Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks, Seema. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all in the 
first quarter FY '24 Conference Call of Sandhar Technology. From the management side, we 
have with us Mr. Jayant Davar, Co-Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Yashpal Jain, 
CFO of the company. We thank the management for providing us the opportunity to host the 
call. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, followed by the question 
and answer session. Over to you, Jayant sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Thank you, Abhishekji. Thank you Dolat Capital and thank you, Seema, for moderating the 
session. I also have my colleague, like Abhishek said, Mr. Yashpal Jain on the call. Good 
morning, everyone, or good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for taking the time out for this 
conference. 
 
To begin with, let me just make a few points. And thereafter we can open up this conference for 
question and answers. So for one, if I look at the market, our internal calculations say that the 
market with all the sectors that we operate in, whether they be passenger vehicles, two-wheelers, 
construction equipment, off-highway, all put together, the overall market in India should be in 
maybe high single digits, is the growth that one could anticipate. 
However, we, as a company, are being a little conservative for the market. And our growth, 
which we expect to be in the region of double that number or maybe close to 20% overall comes 
from all the new product lines and all the new investments that are now being monetized now. 
That is the situation for this particular year. 
 
And now when I go into a little more detail, I want to mention that our joint ventures, many of 
you have been asking about those joint ventures in the last few years and they've taken their toll. 
However, like I did in the last quarter, I'm very happy to report that most of them are now 
profitable and very well, so not just at EBITDA level but also at EBT levels. 
If I begin with Sandhar Amkin, which is the helmet company, we have a positive EBITDA, 
positive PAT. Winnercom Sandhar, Sandhar Han Shin also PAT positive. Sandhar Han Sung 
Technologies also PAT positive, Sandhar Whetron, again, is EBITDA positive. 
And in this particular year, we will see, in fact, in the coming quarter itself, you should be able 
to see positivity there. Kwangsung Sandhar is still negative. But if you look at it, the losses in 
the year '22-'23 were INR8 crores, while in quarter 1, they've dropped down to only INR35 
Lakhs. So again, very, very positive movement on the joint ventures. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
In terms of Sandhar, we achieved a revenue growth of about 23% in quarter 1, which is over the 
last year quarter and 8% versus quarter 4 at the consol level. We expect this momentum to 
continue at the consol level over the last year's numbers, on the number that I gave you in terms 
of growth that we are looking for revenue. 
Our consolidated EBITDA registered a growth of 60%, which is -- I mean, in terms of value, 
0.6% in terms of the overall number, which is 9.1% in quarter 1 of '24 versus 8.5% of quarter 1. 
With the production now being ramped up in new projects and various cost control and saving 
initiatives that are being taken, the company expects to see a healthy improvement in the 
consolidated margins as we move forward. 
 
The operational EBITDA of quarter 1, '24 is 9.1%, which is actually the same as it was in quarter 
4 of 2023. And typically, you are aware that quarter 1 is probably the slowest and quarter 4 is 
the best. So we've started at best levels and we hope to move forward even more aggressively as 
we go forward in the year. 
 
In terms of new projects, mass production has already started in 3 of the sheet metal plants in 
Nalagarh, Halol and Attibele. And development and product validations have also been done by 
customers and mass production is expected to begin by first week of next month, which is 
September. Our Romania plant, again, production has started. Mass production has also been 
started in the machining for casting projects at Mysore and Hosur locations. 
And this business is a high value-add business. It's only on a job work basis, so therefore, the 
EBITDA margins are much higher. Due to initial developments, commissioning costs, 
validation, sample testing and onetime expenses, the new projects have registered a loss of 
INR9.75 crores. So normalized, this would have been that much higher if they have been taken 
into effect. 
 
Coming to EVs, we're very happy that 3 product lines are now developed. They are either going 
through the ICAT approval or product validation approval for the specific customers and their 
specific requirements. These are the DC controller, which is both isolated and non-isolated in 
10 amperes, 15 amperes and 20 amperes. The EV charger, which is in 750 watt, 1 kilowatt and 
1.5 kilowatt. And then the motor controller, which is in the spec of 1 kilowatt, 2 kilowatt and 4 
kilowatt. 
So for this EV business, you're aware, a new company has been incorporated, it's Sandhar Auto 
Electric Solutions Private Limited. The premises and the infrastructure development is in 
process and we expect to go for trial runs in the fourth quarter of the current financial year. The 
company has already executed technical collaboration agreements with 2 providers and we are 
working jointly with them for the customer requirements. 
 
Going forward, what will be our focus areas, reduction of debt, improving operational efficiency, 
reduction of costs, control of new capex and maximum utilization of capex already incurred. 
This is something I meant in the last quarter as well and we continue on that journey. Integration 
of manufacturing plants. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Some of the manufacturing plants can be put together and that's what we are trying to do, to cut 
down overheads there. And we continue on our mission and a vision of diversification of our 
product portfolio, expanding the customer base and increasing content per vehicle. 
 
So I just thought this should be my opening remarks to you. I'm very happy to take questions 
from here on. and, Mr. Yashpal Jain, of course, is here with me and he will take on any questions 
on the financial parameters, if you like. 
 
With that, thank you all once again. I'm happy to take questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We take the first question from the line of Radha from B&K 
Securities. 
Radha: 
Congratulations on good numbers. Sir, my first question was that our investments in the overseas 
business and the joint ventures, if we see, totally, we have invested around INR500 crores in 
these 2 businesses. And overall, the ROCE of these businesses are very low. So that is why it is 
pulling down the overall ROCE of the company. 
So specifically, with regards to the overseas business and also separately for the JV business, 
could you tell me the revenue potential of these 2 businesses based on the capital employed that 
we have already deployed till now? 
Jayant Davar: 
Thank you, Radha, for that question. Well, if you are taking the working capital that's been 
deployed in the overseas business, yes, that can be taken into perspective but then the cost of 
that capital is very low. That's point one. 
 
Point two, of course, Mr. Yashpal Jain, will supplement me on this business -- on this -- in this 
particular question. In terms of joint ventures, the joint ventures are largely very flailed in terms 
of the asset turns. We expect the asset turns to be even higher than the -- our existing business. 
So it has taken time to take off. But if you look at the revenues and on the margins, we expect 
that the margins on these businesses, the EBITDA, in any case, even for our overseas business 
is higher than that of our Indian business. We expect the joint venture margins also to be much 
higher in that particular perspective. But in terms of specific things, can I request Yashpalji to 
kindly come in and weigh in on that question, please? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sure, sir. So like we have a total investment of INR87 crores in the joint venture, then for 
this quarter itself, we have registered a sales of INR78 crores for the joint venture, so roughly 
by the end of the year, we are expecting asset term of nearly 4x from the investment that we 
have done in the joint venture. And it's basically our share that I'm referring here. 
So as Davar told that joint venture, largely they were factored during the time when the auto 
industry was just passing through the recession and then we had a COVID time but now they 
are on the full-fledged working. We are having good orders from the customers and they are 
facing a turnaround also. So I don't think ROCE would be a issue. Going forward, by the close 
of this year, we expect that at least the ROCE may be in a double digits from the joint ventures 
taken together as far as Sandhar's investment is concerned. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Going back to the overseas operations, there are still offers a double-digit EBITDA margin. The 
large pulldown has been from the -- this Romania project. As we all know that it was 
commissioned last year but still it is yet to come into mass production. So initially, there are 
always a cost in the new project that we start and these are a long-term projects. 
But still our EBITDA margin remains above 11% in overseas business after taking and netting 
of the onetime cost that we are incurring in Romania on account of the products validation and 
development that they are going on. 
 
So they have a good potential of ROCE also, even double-digit ROCEs are there. But yes, they 
will take some time. By the end of this year, we expect our Romania plant will be stabilized and 
start generating the revenues that we were looking for. I hope this answers your question. 
Radha: 
And sir, just a little further, going further in the question. So firstly, on the JV, you mentioned 
INR87 crores we have invested, right? Then this quarter, INR78 crores revenue we have 
reported, that is on the basis of Sandhar that is 50%-51% JV, only for our share, revenue you're 
mentioning, right? 
Yashpal Jain: 
INR78 crores, I have mentioned the entire investment, sorry, entire turnover of JVs, our share is 
INR39 crores only. 
Radha: 
And for full year, sir, just how much you said sir, portfolios? How much you're expecting from 
this JV? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Quarter 3 and 4 would be quite higher. So you can expect that INR39 crores is always a minimum 
figure per quarter in our share. Gradually it will be moving up in quarter 2, 3 and 4. 
Radha: 
And sir, you mentioned asset turn of 4x potential from this INR87 crores investment. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, it can easily go up. As I told that the production now has been ramped up. Customer demand 
is coming up, market is pushing up. So obviously, 4x asset turn, even in some of the JVs, we are 
having a turnover more than 4x. Thing is that I'm telling the average of all the 7 JVs. Some of 
the JVs are yet to come up to the turnover, like Whetron, we are slowly growing up. As far as, 
as I say is that, Winnercom Sandhar, their asset turn is quite high as compared to the investment 
that we have made. On an average basis, I'm saying 4x asset turn, we can easily achieve. 
Radha: 
Sir, by when can we achieve the 4x asset turn? 
Yashpal Jain: 
At least by year-end, 3x is possible, maybe starting next year it can be above 4x also. 
Radha: 
And 4x would be the maximum potential. 
Yashpal Jain: 
In such cases, actually, you see it depends on the order from the customer. We need not go for 
any expansions. We have the capacity. At the same time, it is not a idle capacity. It can go up to, 
even up also based on the customer demand. We don't require any further investments in the JV 
to carry on the present business. 
Radha: 
Sir, you mentioned from the JV double-digit... Yes, sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Sorry, I just wanted to mention also that any increase in orders or doubling of these orders 
or even more for that matter doesn't require the same level of investments even going forward, 
they will require only incremental. So the asset size, the turnover on assets actually keeps on 
increasing from now on. 4% is a stable thing that we realized should happen in the short term 
itself. But going forward, obviously, we are looking at large numbers. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, you mentioned the -- from the JVs you are expecting... 
Moderator: 
Ms. Radha, may we request you to join the question queue as we have several participants 
waiting for the call. We take the next question from the line of Gaurav Sachdeva from SJG 
Securities. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
Sir, in the last con call, we were targeting around 25% revenue growth on a consol basis. Now 
we are talking about less than 20%. So have we revised the guidance for this FY '24? 
Jayant Davar: 
We are not revising anything that was said in the past. But obviously, there are things that are 
beyond our control. And like I said, while the industry is looking to grow at maybe high single 
digit, we haven't anticipated too much of growth from the industry. We are talking of growth in 
a very, very conservative platform. And these numbers, I think, have been discussed several 
times. We feel that at this point of time, while we are where we are, the numbers that were given 
and the numbers that are being spoken of today seem to be very realistic numbers, Gaurav. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
Okay. And sir, what is the EBITDA we are targeting for this FY '24 on a consol basis? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, we are. Yes, go on Yashpalji. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, as we've spoken in the last con call also that we achieved EBITDA of around 9.1%, 
operational EBITDA in quarter 4 last financial year. And we are going forward with at least 
some improvement in the sales. So you can expect that this momentum will continue what we 
have reported in this first quarter. And there will be a improvement going forward in quarter 2, 
3 and 4. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. And just for reminder of everyone here, I don't know if I mentioned these numbers but the 
total income has gone up by 23%, EBITDA has gone up by 31.6%, EBT by 58.2% and PAT has 
gone up by 69.2%. That has been the first quarter. We expect this growth to continue in the 
balance quarters as well. And like I said, a lot of this is being taken in the investments that have 
already been done and the current orders in hand that we have from the customers. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
And sir, we used to have, I think, double-digit margins a few years before. So can we expect this 
in maybe 1 or 2 years from here? 
Jayant Davar: 
Oh absolutely. Absolutely. Why 1 or 2 years, we expect to reach that number sooner. But 
obviously, I'm not in a position to be able to confirm that today but that's what our aspiration is 
and we should be there. There is no reason why we should not be there, in fact. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
Okay. And sir, will our existing cash flow, since we have a not much cash flows, will this be 
sufficient for the increasing working capital needed as we will be growing further? Or we will 
take in more debts? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, yes. I'll answer this. We have sufficient working capital limits. And I think even for 
expansion purposes, we can manage it without going for fresh borrowings. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
Okay. And sir, we -- in the last con call, we discussed about manufacturing of PCB for the 
captive consumption, are we going for that, for the smart locks? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, that has already been initiated. The plant is now fully operational. And we are trying to add 
to the capacity that we have so that the utilization and monetization of that plant happens very 
quickly. And in fact, all the future electronics that are being envisaged and for which we have 
received orders, the idea is that all of their PCBs would be made in plant. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
And in terms of, sir, percentage, what is the costs, I mean, of PCB in this single smart lock? If 
we're talking in percentage terms, what is the component part? 
Jayant Davar: 
Gaurav, once again, it ranges, right? We will use it for, let's say, our parking sensors, we plan to 
use it in our antennas. We plan to use it in smart locks. We plan to use it in controllers for smart 
locks. We also plan to use this for several of our EV product lines. So obviously, there is a big 
range in the value that is determined by the product line that we are going to be using it.  
Even in smart locks, depending on the kind of smart lock it is, it ranges. So there are big ranges. 
It's very difficult for me to give you an exact number for, unless you're asking for one specific 
component, it is otherwise very difficult for me to give you an exact number. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
Sir, I was asking about smart locks. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Again, in smart locks, there are different kind of smart locks. So a smart lock would be 
INR8,000 worth, a smart lock could be INR1,100 worth. Now in all of these, obviously, the 
difference is a PCB plays a large amount of difference. But typically, I would say that the cost 
of a PCB in most of these componentries range between 15% to 30% of the cost of the product. 
Gaurav Sachdeva: 
Okay. And sir, the mechanical lock and the smart lock has the same margins or there is a 
difference in the margin we will be getting? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, initially, I would imagine that the smart locks would have a higher margin. But going 
forward, for some period of time, these margins will keep growing because as localization comes 
into perspective. But over the years, when they become a standard product for all vehicles, to 
begin with, less than 5% vehicles will be using these, especially the 2-wheeler segment. But 
going forward, we expect this number to go up to 100%. So there, obviously, when you have 
volumes, margins do drop but the volume of profit or the value of profit obviously goes up 
dramatically. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, the first question is on the JVs again. Just to clarify the opening remarks made by Yashpalji. 
So INR87 crores is our side of investments. I assume the JVs would have put in similar -- so 
roughly INR175 crores. There would be debt on that balance sheet also of the JVs. So on that 
overall number, we are saying we can do 4x sales. Is that the right understanding? So more than 
INR700 crores. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, we can do that, combined together. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Right. So of the INR700 crores, roughly INR350 crores potentially could be our side of the 
revenues at double-digit margins, EBITDA margins. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Perfect. Sure. Sir, the second one is in terms of the Romania start-up costs, how much longer do 
you expect this to continue? I mean it is what it is. But would it be 2 more quarters or at what 
point in time would we start seeing scaling up? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, it may go for next 2 quarters also. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. So FY '25, we could probably see it moving towards normalized production. Is that the 
right understanding? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely correct. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. The final question is in terms of the 4-wheeler piece. So one of our large clients is setting 
up a facility or setting up a global model in India. So would it be supplying only for the local 
sales? Or would it be for the entire products or wherever the product goes, our content would go 
into? 
Jayant Davar: 
Arjun, I know what you're referring to. Unfortunately, I'm not in a position to talk so much about 
that. Suffice to say that most of the customers in India, or let me say, all the customers in India, 
we do have in roads with and some of the people who are coming in, we are already suppliers to 
them. And I see no reason when we supply to them overseas, why we will not supply to them in 
India. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. So even for the export models, etcetera, it would be the similar product from us. 
Jayant Davar: 
That's right. Like I said, if we supply to them overseas already, that is probably the reason for 
them to obviously use our local expertise and our base for their consumption. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. 
Gunit Singh: 
Can you please share some light on your order book? And I mean, what is the composition of 
the orders that you have received? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, this is a difficult question in some sense. When I mentioned the number of growth, 
obviously, it comes from the -- I heard some of our peers give you lifelong numbers on the new 
orders that have been received. I don't know how that calculation is done. But difficult to say 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
that some of the new orders that we have, so if you're talking of new orders, new orders are 
orders, a part of which comes in this year, some part comes in the next year but it's a very, very 
dynamic number. 
 
But let me talk about some of the ones that are in the public domain. Suzuki, for example. If you 
look at Suzuki, that order book is worth about INR500-something-odd crores over a period of 5 
years. This is for smart locks and for their regular locks. Then we have Honda new business, 
which has come in. Then there is the Honda car business, which has come in. There is the Tata 
business that has come in. So there are several orders, several scenarios. 
The only thing that I can say is there is an aspiration of the company that we target to keep our 
revenue growth at double that of the industry and a large part of this will come out of the 
monetization of investments that we've already done and we continue to get orders in that 
particular respect. So that is the only statement that I can give you there. 
 
In terms of pure new orders, like I said, we do have a calculation. The calculation is that the 
orders which were received by us in the last year for annualized numbers ranges from INR278 
crores to INR350 crores. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, thanks for elaborating. Hello, thank you for elaborating. So I mean, in terms of 
financial year '24, what kind of, I mean, execution do we see? I mean in terms of the order book 
that we currently have, including new orders and previous orders. So what kind of execution are 
we're seeing in FY '24 and FY '25? 
Jayant Davar: 
So again, this question can be broken down. For example, we have new parts for -- let me put it 
another way, we were making parts to where this share of business to us has gone up. So if we 
were making let's say some sheet metal items, of that where we had a 50% share of business, if 
that share of business has gone up to 70%, should we call it new business or should we call it 
the existing business, that is difficult for us to ascertain. 
When I gave you the numbers, we spoke about new product lines completely that we have got. 
The annualized numbers for those when we calculated last year, worked out to between or, let's 
say, an average of INR300 crores additional business year-on-year. 
 
But this number obviously increases every year as new businesses keep coming in. We cannot 
give you numbers of how long these are going to last because changes happen. So sometimes 
when we get the orders, there are afflicted to change depending on what the success of their 
models are, how long they are going to last and so on. There are some models that last 15 years. 
There are some that beat out in 3 years. So that is how it plays up in the Indian context and 
scenarios. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from Sunidhi Securities. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Congratulations for wonderful set of numbers once again. Sir, my first question is, what would 
be our market share in 2-wheeler locks, both conventional and of course, smart is now beginning. 
So who are the other players in that, assuming both conventional and players who are getting 
into smart locks? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, I am only -- when you talk about market share, let me say the big -- the biggies are all with 
us today. There were some in which there was a dramatic import of parts and some assemblers 
did try and give it. But I would see that in terms of localized platforms, we expect ourselves to 
be the largest player in that particular field. It is still a little premature to say because the effective 
utilization in 2-wheelers of smart locks is extremely, extremely small. We will have to go 
forward. 
But like I had said in the last quarter, the large number of orders that have been announced have 
come to us. In terms of our peers, we do have 1 or 2 peers who are doing this and working in 
some case scenario where there could be some apportioning of share of business. But as we stand 
today, we expect and we hope that we are the largest player, especially in the 2-wheeler in India. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. But sir, on the conventional side, would it be possible to detail some market share figures? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, we do have the numbers. Do we have to ready right now, Yashpalji? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Sir, I mean the share of business or... 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, share of business. So well, to give you a broad perspective, sir, let me say that you are 
aware that we are, by far, the largest player in Hero, we are now in Honda. In fact, their new 
model, which has just been launched, we are a 100% share in all of their locks. We will be in 
their smart lock scenario as we go forward. TVS, I think we are almost 100% suppliers. 
The same thing stands with Royal Enfield. We are also there in almost I would say 60% to 70% 
of the new EVs that have been launched to where we are the suppliers. So that's where the entire 
thing is. 
 
In terms of actual numbers that have been produced or are going to be produced, if you want, 
we have those numbers but I don't have them handy right now. I'll be happy to take on your 
question on the side. You can write to me and I will reply. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Thank you, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Is that good? 
Saurabh Jain: 
Yes. Sir, my last question is on gross margin. This quarter, we saw gross margin expanding by 
150 odd basis points. So partially, the positive impact of gross margin was offset by an increase 
in employee and other expenses. So how is the trend looking for gross margins going forward? 
Is there any further scope of improvement in the gross margins from 63% odd, 37% odd? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpalji, do you want to answer this question? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, I'll. As you mentioned, there has been a improvement in the gross margin. Going forward. 
we will see further improvement in gross margins with the volumes increasing and new 
investments turning into the volumes. As far as the increase in employee cost is concerned, it is 
a onetime activity as the annual appraisals are complete for the staff, we are seeing that impact. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
But as in the opening remarks, Mr. Davar has said, we are working on integration of plants also, 
we are working on the cost reduction initiatives also. So you will further see a very healthy 
improvement in our gross margins. And going forward, the increase in the volume, it will keep 
on having a positive upward trend. That's what I can say. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congratulations for a strong set of numbers, sir, in a very tough time. In sheet metal, sir, you 
have set up 3 plants, so what is the current capacity utilization? And how much revenue potential 
for the next 2 years? 
Jayant Davar: 
Again, Yashpalji, you want to respond? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, yes, I'll answer. For sheet metal, like currently, as I told last time also, it's a continuous 
process plant, capacity-wise, we have a lot of capacity to continue manufacturing. While, as we 
mentioned, like Nalagarh and Attibele, they are into the mass -- so they are already into the mass 
production. Halol with the facilities we have set up, they are into mass production. Second phase, 
we have deferred. 
Mysore will be coming to mass production by the end of -- by the beginning of the third quarter. 
And another going forward, we have a good potential in sheet metal businesses and we have 
confirmation from the customers also. So this business is going to grow, even in current financial 
year and coming financial years also. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So what would be the revenue -- incremental revenue for FY '24 and FY '25 from the sheet metal 
business? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Like, we have given a indication guidance on revenue growth, so sheet metal will also grow 
according 25%, 30% on a normal basis, not beyond -- below that, sorry, not below that. We have 
good -- but again, it depends on the customer volumes. So presently, we have good set of revenue 
guidance from the customer. So you see a healthy growth but again, the numbers remain, the 
numbers. And quarter-to-quarter wise, you will see a good growth coming in sheet metals and 
the volumes picking up. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And in ADC business, you have won many business in domestic as well as international. So 
what kind of the incremental revenue you are looking from FY '24 and '25? And what would be 
the margin of those business? Because most of the business are from the machining side. So 
margin will be slightly higher than this conventional margin. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like aluminum die casting in India and overseas, we are already into double-digit margins in 
ADC. Machining is something that we are doing on a job work basis, obviously, with the 
arrangements with the customer, we are having a higher set of margin. So you will keep on 
witnessing double-digit margins in the aluminum die casting business. 
The only drain factor in the overseas was, as we mentioned, the Romania, in the first year, so it 
will be on a sluggish mode this year. But from next year onwards, Romania will also again pick 
up. So you'll see a healthy growth in overseas businesses also. And India will continue to show 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
a strong growth. We have a indication from the customer, we're sure that die casting and the 
machining business, will be seeing a good growth in the coming years also. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. And sir, in cabin and fabrication, we are seeing very strong traction from the last 2, 3 
years. I just wanted to know what kind of the revenue growth outlook for the next 2 years. I 
mean, FY '24 and '25, because you have won the many new business apart from the JCB. So if 
you can throw some more light there. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like cabins and fabrication, again, it has to be dependent on the construction industry. There 
has been a good push by the Government of India on the infrastructure projects. So I think they 
will continue and the same growth momentum as we have given in the revenue guidance will 
continue. But yes, I mean, normal auto, two-wheelers, three-wheelers the growth is different and 
the guidance is different compared to cabins and fabrication, which is highly dependent on the 
infrastructure push. 
But if the government is committed, we are seeing and in '24 general election, we have to see 
how it goes beyond '24. But till '24, we expect to continue our good momentum in our cabins 
and fabrication. We can repeat the performance that we have delivered last year and also in the 
first quarter of this year. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And my last question is on the gross and the net debt of the company. And what is your capex 
plan for the FY '24? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So our debt, sorry, gross debt as of close of June '23 was INR551 crores and net debt is INR525 
crores, sir. The status of the debt. And going forward, capex plan, as I mentioned in our last 
investor call, we have a spillover capex of new projects of INR110 crores. Part of that, we have 
already spent in the current quarter, around INR31 crores we have spent. 
So remaining of that we will be spending in the current financial year. And obviously another 
INR60 crores, INR70 crores of maintenance capex we will be having to meet our tooling and 
other requirements with the new models of the customers coming into picture and we'll be adding 
to our profitability model. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Udit Gupta, an individual investor. . 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir, I would like to know a little bit more about your 4-wheeler business. Sir, like, are we adding 
new models like the Honda Elevate or are we just in the old models only? 
Jayant Davar: 
No, no. Elevate is a very much part of our business and all the product lines that we do, all the 
locks are ours. So all the handles are ours. So all of that continues. Honda is a very, very strong 
customer for us. Unfortunately, Honda has not done much in the last few years. But I think the 
Elevate and the new models coming up should change the scenario for Honda and will help us 
grow even faster. 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, in our -- one of our earlier presentations, sir, we read about your shark fin antennas and 
your cameras and all those things, sir. Are those products picking up in these brands? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, absolutely. So we are, of course, Hyundai, we are now the major supplier for all of these. 
And we should soon be making announcements for some of the others who are also gratified 
with that platform. 
Udit Gupta: 
And so the margin in these products are similar to what we're guiding about, double digits or so? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, that is the aspiration for us. As volumes grow, as technology grows, the margins grow. 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, we were talking about the integration of plants, sir. So how many plants do we have 
running right now? And how much can we bring that down to something of the sort? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpalji, you want to answer that? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. So we like -- we have total 42 plants as of now, out of which 8 are into joint ventures, which 
is out of the question of integration, 4 of overseas operations are separate. So we are left with 30 
plants in India, effectively. And we expect that at least in the current financial year, 2 to 3 plants, 
we will be able to integrate. 
Udit Gupta: 
Yes, sir. So is the plan only for this year? Or are we looking at something next year? 
Yashpal Jain: 
No, it's a regular -- it's a continuous activity. But you see. We need to see from a broader 
perspective. And secondly, there is a customer validation and approval, so normally it takes 
some time. So we are -- I mean, it's a regular -- it's not a very onetime activity, it is a long-term 
activity that we are seeing to integrate the plants, integrate the facilities also and it will depend 
on case-to-case basis and customer-to-customer basis. 
Jayant Davar: 
See consolidation is a part of the aspiration and we will be consolidating as we go forward, 
whether it is plants or whether it is better capacity utilization or whether it is monetization of 
unused assets. So we are looking at all these 3 things from a very, very holistic dimension. And 
from time to time, so we have the immediate plan of consolidation of some of the units. But the 
other plans also continue on a dynamic basis and you will hear this in our plans every year, one 
form or the other. 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, customers like Maruti Suzuki or Toyota or the other Japanese customers, are we also 
looking at them for 4-wheelers? 
Jayant Davar: 
Oh absolutely. And that's something that, that is a part of our new customer acquisition strategy. 
We are talking to all of them, especially with the new product lines that we have now introduced 
and will be introducing in the future. 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir does it make any difference to them that we are already supplying to Japanese people like 
Honda. 
Jayant Davar: 
Oh, yes. It does. It does. But you see, we have to fall within the scope of what they do. There in 
some cases, for example, if we supply to Honda, their specs could be higher and therefore, the 
costs could be high. So we not only have to meet the tech specs, we also have to meet the cost 
specs, the delivery specs, the development specs and so on and so forth. So it's a wide 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
combination. But suffice to say that we are growing in every dimension of this with almost all 
customers that we are engaging with. 
Moderator: 
We take the next follow-up question from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
Yes. Sir, what is the total revenue potential from the 4 plants that we have in overseas? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Revenue potential from 4 plants. Last year, we were close to about INR400 crores mark from 
the 3 plants. Obviously, I will call them as 2 plants because 1 is a machining subsidy in Poland. 
Romania will be coming into mass production, I would say, in the picking -- the volumes in the 
next year itself. So figure-wise, it is difficult for us to tell you what is the exact. But yes, the 2 
plants can generate about INR400 crores. With the 3 plants, we can continue the same 
momentum in the coming... 
Radha: 
So total INR600 crores? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. As I told, there will be a -- there will not be a fixed number. But yes, we can easily achieve 
INR100 crores starting in Romania and going forward to higher numbers, based on the customer 
demand, so. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, so Honda Locks has sold its business to MinebeaMitsumi and they are more 
into electronic products. So just wanted to know, are we getting any support from them for 
manufacturing... 
Yashpal Jain: 
Can you repeat that question, please? 
Radha: 
Sir, Honda Locks has sold its business to MinebeaMitsumi and they are more into electronic 
products. So are we getting any support from them for manufacturing smart locks and how can 
we leverage their capabilities? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Radha, for your understanding, I think it's in the public domain that we've already signed 
the new agreements with Minebea, as Minebea has absorbed Honda Lock. Minebea, you're 
absolutely right, is into various other electronic componentries as well. Our task would be to 
work with them together. 
So we are working on 3 platforms. One is development of our own engineering capabilities 
through our Sandhar Center of Innovation and Development. The other is working with 
Minebea. We also have other partners who do similar stuff, whether it's a Whetron or whether it 
is some of the Korean companies that we operate with. 
 
So we have been in different lines of technology for several products. And depending on which 
customer wants us to tie up or work with the design of which partner, we have that availability 
today of multiple technology sources to be able to offer the customer, whichever one he chooses 
to, depending on the technology, depending on the cost, depending on the futuristic mode that 
they have in terms of their ideal structure for their product lines. 
Radha: 
Sir, lastly, we have seen that the ramp-up in the overseas business has been slower than expected 
and India business is doing much better. So -- but we have invested in the overseas business in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
last year as well. So what is giving us confidence for this aggressive capex plans in the overseas 
business? Is it because of any additional share of business win or customer win, could you give 
some light on this? 
Jayant Davar: 
Radha, again, I won't be able to give you specifics. All I can tell you is the Romania plant was 
set up with its capacity already being blocked for the future. Unfortunately, because of the 
Ukraine war, a lot of delays happened in the Romanian context, whether it was the building, 
where steel that used to come from Ukraine stopped, whether it was cement, the costs went up 
and the entire project got delayed. 
Now it's the delay that has cost us and cost our customers. But obviously, if we have a full plan 
setup that has been -- the idea now is to grow the utilization of that and grow revenues out of 
that. So we do expect that our revenues from overseas business will continuously grow at a pace 
which is probably going to be faster than how it has been so far. 
Radha: 
Okay. And sir, just one last if I can squeeze in. In terms of smart locks, is it possible to 
manufacture them in the existing lines or do we need to set up new lines for manufacturing smart 
locks for the same customer? And what would be… 
Jayant Davar: 
For the same customer, no. Radha, let me explain this to you. In fact, for different models, we 
have different lines. So if we supply to, let's say, today, we probably supply to 60 or 70 different 
models, we have separate lines for most of them. There are some which are close to each other. 
But smart locks, again, to answer your question, we have separate lines. We will have separate 
lines. But these are incremental costs. These are not really huge costs of setting up. It's the 
development cost that takes, it's not the line setup that takes too much money. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, thank you, Seema. Thank you, Abhishek, once again. Thank you to all the participants 
today who spared time to give us and try and understand us more. As you would understand and 
appreciate, there are limitations to the exposure that I can give, as per the Indian law. I hope I've 
been able to answer many questions. 
But in case there are more specific ones, which you would like to write to us and we find it 
within the ambit of the law to respond, we will. I am also very happy to invite all of you to some 
of our plants to come and get a feel of what we do and that will add to your bullishness about 
the company. Thank you all very much and hope to talk to you again soon. Thank you. And 
thank you Dolat once again for setting this up and Seema for moderation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
