 
 
 
DNL/140/NSE/1384/2023 
May 19, 2023 
   
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Stock Symbol: DEEPAKNTR   
 
Sub: Submission of earnings conference call Transcript 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Q4 & FY 2023 held on May 
12, 2023 and the same is also available on the website of the Company at the weblink 
https://www.godeepak.com/financial-result/. 
 
Please take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
 
 
 
ARVIND BAJPAI  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
ARVIND 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed 
by ARVIND 
BAJPAI 
Date: 2023.05.19 
14:39:34 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Deepak Nitrite Limited  
Q4 & FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MAULIK MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY UPADHYAY – DIRECTOR, FINANCE & GROUP 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
MR. SOMSEKHAR NANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
ANALYST: 
MR. AKUL BROACHWALA – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 & FY2023 
earnings conference call of Deepak Nitrite Limited hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. At the 
outset, I would like to clarify that certain statements made or discussed on the conference call 
today may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
results presentation shared with you earlier. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Akul Broachwala from IIFL Securities Limited.  
Akul Broachwala: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Deepak Nitrite’s Q4 and FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. Apologies for the delay. Today we have with us Mr. Maulik Mehta – 
Executive Director & CEO, Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay – Director, Finance & Group CFO and Mr. 
Somsekhar Nanda – CFO. To begin, Mr. Maulik Mehta will share his views on operating 
performance and the growth plans of the company followed by Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, who shall 
take us through the financial and segmental performance.  
 
I now invite Mr. Mehta to share his opening comments.  
Maulik Mehta: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to Deepak Nitrite’s Q4 and FY2024 earnings 
conference call. I hope you had an opportunity to go through our results documents that was 
shared earlier.  
 
We entered 2023 with a very challenging business landscape characterized by diverse internal 
and external factors. The Russia Ukraine war has served to fracture the global supply chain for 
crude, fertilizers, petro-chemical derivative and specialty chemical. It led to large rises in input 
prices across the board resulting in a secular inflationary pressure unlike anything witnessed in 
the recent past. The cascading effects of central banks across the globe, raising interest rates 
rapidly leading to a higher cost for capital even if forex volatility rose and risk spread expanded. 
Internally we were faced with a shutdown of our Nandesari plant for more than 40 days due to a 
fire in June. There were challenges and constraints to logistics coupled with a rise in utility cost. 
Amidst this volatility in spot prices both customers and suppliers were seeking to capitalize on 
short-term opportunities even as they sought assured supply and purchase agreements. 
Notwithstanding these adversaries, we were able to navigate our schedules and fulfill all our 
supply obligations while maintaining wallet shares with all customers hence guaranteeing a 
dependable and stable supply of products to all our clients.  
 
In this backdrop I will give you a brief rundown of our performance for the fourth quarter and the 
financial year ended March 31st, 2023, and the plans and strategic approach for the upcoming 
financial year. Mr. Upadhyay will then provide you with granular insights into our financial 
performance and position. We are pleased to share that Deepak Nitrite has displayed agility in 
achieving growth while maintaining the high quality and adhering to the safety standards that are 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
expected of us. Diversification across products, end-user segments, customers, geographies has 
been a bedrock of our strategy, which allowed us to be nimble and seek out more remunerative 
pockets of opportunity amidst operational and macroeconomic challenges. This has allowed us to 
maintain a strong and resilient business model. Leveraging off a solid foundation, incremental 
investments are tactically utilized to increase capacity and sustain demand from end-user 
industries, and this has enabled us to drive a healthy top line growth of 17% year on year and set 
a new benchmark of exceeding Rs. 8,000 crore on annual revenue which is the first for our 
group. Despite the recent cooling off in input prices, they continue to remain at elevated level and 
more than that at volatile level compared to the previous year. While profitability for the year is 
lower than that of the prior year, EBITDA, and PAT in Q4 have grown in double digits compared 
to Q3 indicating that operations are progressing in the right direction as we enter the New Year.  
 
Coming to the performance of strategic business units, the advanced intermediates unit delivered 
an impressive revenue growth on the back of resilient demand from end-user industry, and we 
actively pursued opportunities with both domestic and international customers during the period. 
We expect this segment to continue performing well given the shift in the global supply chain 
towards Asia and positive demand trends. However, it is worth noting that challenges around 
logistics and high raw material cost due to internal product transfers at market prices with a time 
lag before prices have passed on. Future performance will be driven by several new multiyear 
contracts, successful pilots, and new product introductions in our basket.  
 
Deepak Phenolics witnessed a healthy top line performance with some contribution from pricing, 
but largely driven by the continued increase in plant efficiency. Our phenol plant recorded an 
average utilization of more than 120% for the quarter and achieved the highest ever quarterly 
domestic sales in Q4 along with the highest daily phenol production. It seems sequentially 
phenolics has improved in volume and profitability significantly. This was due to healthy 
demand and improved product acceptance resulting in a significant increase in revenue 
realization for both phenol and acetone compared to the previous quarter. Profitability in the 
business was lower than last year due to normalized realizations this year compared with the 
previous period’s unusually high realizations. The phenolics business has been using more of 
acetone in its downstream products and it is going to increase further upon the commissioning of 
projects under implantation such as MIBC and MIBK which are solvents. We are optimistic 
about the prospects for the business in the future.  
 
FY2023 has also been a year in which a lot of our growth initiatives have taken concrete shape. 
In a key development, debottlenecking is a crucial development for Deepak Phenolics as it 
enables the company to increase its production. This is expected to come on stream within this 
quarter itself. Additionally, the company has approved the implantation of an advanced process 
control project which is expected to be operational from the next quarter. That project is expected 
to enhance the operational efficiency of DPL and improve the quality of its product. These 
developments are expected to further strengthen DPL’s position in the market and enhance its 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
competitiveness. In addition to our current project, we are making strides towards expanding our 
business through several other ongoing initiatives. We have successfully commissioned the 
installation of our SAC unit, which significantly improves our sustainability in Nandesari and we 
are planing to commission the photochlorination and chlorination project in the third quarter 
followed by the acid project in the fourth quarter which will take care of current and future needs. 
In the first quarter of FY2025 we are scheduled to commission our MIBK and MIBC plants, both 
of which as I mentioned are derivatives of acetone. Additionally, our hydrogenation and 
multipurpose distillation facility has been approved marking further progress in our expansion 
plans. During the period under review, we have achieved significant de-risking of business 
through an assured supply of critical raw material and paying down debt to strengthen the 
balance sheet.  
 
Additionally, with Nandesari plant back to full operation, and other plants running at a high 
utilization, we are working with good momentum. With multiple plants underway to be 
commissioned in coming quarters, we are poised to deliver growth and create value for all our 
shareholders. Recognizing this, the board of directors has announced a final dividend of Rs.7.5 
per equity share which is 375% with a face value of Rs. 2 each for FY2022-23 in view of the 
company’s steady performance.  
 
Before I conclude, I would also like to make a point that DNLs Dahej facility received an 
unprecedented score of 100 upon 100 in Together for Sustainability Audit. I just want to point 
out that TFS is very similar, it is the European counterpart to responsible care which is an 
American institution. TFS is also recognized and highly valued by every single large European 
company and many large Japanese and American companies. This is the first time ever in the 
history of TFS that a company has received a perfect score in its first try. We are confident that 
this achievement is also going to catalyze many more such.  
 
I would now like to hand the call over to our Director of Finance, Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, to 
address this forum and take you through the financial performance during the period. Thank you. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you Maulik. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining this call today. I will 
walk you through highlights for the financial results for the period during March 2023.  
 
During the period under review, Deepak achieved positive top line performance despite facing 
macroeconomic challenges. In FY2023, revenue stood at Rs.8,020 crore which is significant as 
compared to Rs.6,845 in FY2022 higher by 17%. This growth was attributable to stable demand 
and high plant efficiency. While EBITDA stood at Rs.1,337 crore against last year, it is lower by 
19% on a year-on-year basis because last year’s base was very high. PAT stood at Rs.852 crore 
in FY2023 versus Rs.1,067 crore last year. The results have been impacted due to war and 
resultant high input prices and resultant inflationary pressures. There is also an impact on the 
several external and internal factors as summarized by Maulik in his comments. Both business 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
segment showed solid improvements contributing to strong revenue growth on a consolidated 
basis. The increase in demand and relation for our key products had the growth, despite the 
challenging environment, DNL remains focused on driving growth and expanding its operations 
to capture new opportunities.  
 
Further it is worth noting DNL subsidiary DCTL has been actively expanding its team by hiring 
key personnel in various departments such as projects management, procurement, and support 
functions. DNL has invested Rs.400 crore in DCTL towards part funding of the groups ongoing 
capital projects.  
 
On the operating front, our domestic business revenue stood at Rs.1,512 crore and Rs.6,410 crore 
in Q4 and FY2023 higher by 22% year on year, respectively. Export revenues were Rs.449 crore 
in Q4 FY2023 and Rs.1,562 crore in FY2023. On a consolidated basis, domestic our revenue and 
the mix is 77:23 for Q4 FY2023. During the quarter on a consolidated basis, revenues grew by 
5% at Rs.1,974 crore as compared to Rs.1,876 crore in Q4 FY2022. The impressive top line 
performance was fueled by high production volumes in several key products. EBITDA came in 
at Rs.361 crore as compared to Rs.414 crore in Q4 FY2022. In Q4 FY2023, PAT stood at Rs.234 
crore versus Rs.267 crore of last year. Profitability is lower on a year-on-year basis due to the 
high base in the previous year, but the company has significantly improved profitability on a 
quarter on quarter in line with the operational performance.  
 
Moving to our segmental performance, in our advance intermediate segment, revenue grew by 
7% to Rs.810 crore in Q4 FY2023 versus Rs.759 crore in Q4 FY2022. The growth is owing to 
sustained healthy demand from key customers. EBIT was Rs.137 crore with the margin at 17%. 
As Maulik mentioned growth in EBIT is not kept with the pace with revenue growth due to 
significant increase in input cost compared to the previous year. In FY2023, revenue grew by 
21% to Rs.3,074 crore and EBIT came at Rs.555 crore achieving a margin of 18% despite the 
current environment and challenging circumstances.  
 
Deepak Phenolics delivered an encouraging performance with a revenue growth of 4% to 
Rs.1,173 crore in Q4 FY2023 versus Rs.1,131 crore last year. The company has operated all 
plants except for Nandesari unit at high utilization rate. The phenol plant has clocked an average 
utilization of more than 120% but even higher for the quarter and achieved the highest ever 
quarterly domestic sales and highest production per day of phenol. EBIT stood at Rs. 177 crore 
and EBIT margin came at 15% in the quarter. In FY2023, revenue stood at Rs.4,986 crore and 
EBIT came at Rs.594 crore translating into margin of 12%.  
 
While DNL has no debt, DPL has prepaid the term loan of an amount of Rs.61 crore in the fourth 
quarter. For the full year FY2023 the prepayment of term loan by DPL was Rs. 161 crore leading 
to a saving in interest cost. This has reduced the net debt to equity ratio to almost zero, that is 
0.03 as compared to last year’s 0.20. On a consolidated basis, DNL remains debt free on a net 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
debt basis with a net worth of Rs.4,090 crore . In 2006, Rs.25 crore of our balance sheet has 
adequate headroom to raise growth capital for further expansions. Cash flows remains robust and 
we have reported operating cash flow of Rs.650 crore in FY2023. When evaluated against 
EBITDA our OCF/EBITDA ratio has been 0.49.  
 
We are entering FY2024 with a de-risk business model a very robust balance sheet and pipeline 
of projects line up for commissioning. We are highly excited about growth prospects and look 
forward to building our performance momentum.  
 
Before I conclude, I would like to provide an update on the fire incident on Nandesari facility 
that occurred on 2nd June 2022. Against our insurance claim for loss of material damage, we have 
received an interim payment of Rs.11 crore in March 2023 and further Rs.14 crore in April 2023 
as an interim payment. We hope to receive the balance in the coming quarter.  
 
Thank you for taking out the time to join our earning call. With that, I would now request the 
moderator to open the forum for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
 
We have the first question from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir I have two questions so one is when we see 
our performance in FY2020, vis-à-vis what we have delivered in FY2023 for the standalone 
business, I think our gross margins have remained at the similar levels like at around close to 
Rs.1,370 crore but this has come with close to 32% higher turnover when we compared FY2023 
with FY2020, so this could be a combination of volume growth plus some raw material cost 
inflation which you just eluded in your opening remarks, so my question is with the brownfield 
expansion and debottlenecking, what we are undertaking in the standalone business how much of 
the volume growth can we expect for FY2024 and though some of the raw material prices have 
corrected predominantly the ammonia prices which have corrected close to two third of the prices 
what they were in the month of December, how much of our current turnover of Rs.3,000 crore 
in the standalone business has a scope for margin expansion on a per kg basis so if you can just 
answer to this I can add up on one more question? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay so first of all you are right that there has been a lot of volatility including in ammonia 
however India continues to remain the most expensive buyer of ammonia in the world if I look at 
the index. Nonetheless it has certainly come down from its peaks last year. Now what has 
happened over a period of time also is that the FG prices will automatically correct as they adjust. 
Nonetheless, we have been able to maintain a reasonably healthy margin on a per kilo basis and 
as we expand, in FY2021, we had a plant which was about 15% less in terms of its capacity than 
we have now so on a stable year you can expect sodium nitrite and its associated nitrate volumes 
to increase by about 15% to 18%. How this results with regards to topline growth is difficult to 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
say because the market continues to be volatile. We continue to maintain reasonably healthy 
margins which have been as they were when ammonia prices were low as well as they were 
when ammonia prices were high. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So because you rightly said that turnover is difficult to predict because it all depends upon the 
selling prices of the products, but if we see FY2020 we were close to Rs.800 crore of operating 
profit when the ammonia prices were lower as last year also we were at around Rs.680 crore so 
this year would have seen some cost inflation on the operating cost side also because the plant 
was not running full and several other factors. So, what could be the fair assumption based on the 
volume growth you just eluded upon what could be the figure we should look upon because there 
could be some benefits coming to us in terms of some pockets of the raw material prices as well 
as reduction in the operating cost? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So Nirav I would expect that FY2024 and FY2021 one reason why they should not be compared 
is because one of the key raw materials which we used to get as a large volume in a formula 
linked price which was linked to ammonia prices. Now we are forced to buy it in the spot market 
at far higher prices and we have to see how we can de-risk our supply chain itself. So, for this 
year I would say that one can expect a performance which is in Deepak Nitrite similar to what it 
was last year if we had not faced the impact of the fire and I think between 40 to 60 days of lost 
production. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
So, we could be closer to FY2022 performance in terms of our absolute EBITDA numbers right? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Nirav let me interrupt here. You are comparing this with 2019-2020 am I right. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct, Sir correct in 2019-2020 we were at Rs.800 crore ? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, but you are just seeing the absolute number 2019-2020 had a very abnormal year for 
DASDA. If you go back to our previous concall or see the previous transcript, you will know that 
because of DASDA the numbers were abnormally high and that is why the percentage is high. 
You cannot just pick up one period and then compare it with that. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
No Sir, even FY2022 also I think we were close to Rs.680 crore so I just wanted some clarity. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
The point is it is not going down. It was one single product whereas what you are seeing now is 
overall across all the products and despite several challenges which the industries facing outside. 
It is very difficult to compare the 2019-2020 period which was completely different and what we 
are facing now, the world is facing now is completely different. Numbers can be analyzed by 
anyone but to compare you must see the outside environment also when you are comparing this. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Correct. Sir the second question is on like one of our competitor is also expanding on the NT side 
so how we are placed in terms of our existing utilization here because I think one of the monomer 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
of NT is doing well because of the downstream agrochemicals is doing well so if you can just 
help us explain our exposure of sales to the agrochemicals out of our standalone business and are 
our sales more prone to the niche generic or the patented agrochemical products where we supply 
those intermediates? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay so first of all one thing I can correct here is I do not believe that there are any patents in 
agrochemical intermediates. The other thing that I can say is that we are running our plant at full 
utilization. We will also be looking at expanding that. We will also be in our own manner 
significantly improving the resilience of the value chain and we are already also going 
downstream. We have piloted several downstream products which come out of this chain. Those 
have been accepted by the customer with regards to quality and now we are at an advanced stage 
of discussions for volumes and long-term contracts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley.  
Vivek Rajamani: 
Thank you so much for the presentation. Two questions from my side. Could you give some 
color on the demand trends that you have been witnessing for your key end segments in the 
month of April and May? If I believe in the last quarter, you did say you have started to see some 
green shoots so it will be great to get an update on that by segment if it is possible and the second 
question was you have been mentioning that the share of exports has been rising in your portfolio 
in the last two quarters? I just wanted to understand what is the margin profile for these export 
markets vis-à-vis the domestic markets and if there is a difference what could be differential? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay so first of all thanks for the question and interesting that you should mention color and 
green, but one thing that I can tell you is that our products which are intermediate are spread over 
multiple end applications. You can add the same product which goes into different end 
application. However right now dyes and pigment is seeing a nadir in that sense with regards to 
demand and with regards to the inventory levels even at customers and consumer end. The 
segments which are doing better comparatively are oil and gas, explosives, personal care, food, 
rubber and infrastructure and the segments which are relatively neutral are pharma and agro. 
Now when I say neutral, I am talking about it with regards to volume. Prices may go up or down 
but in most cases we are protected by volume contracts with pass through clauses so when I 
spoke earlier about exporting more that is because in Q2 and Q3 the Indian demand for textiles 
when it comes to dyes and other intermediates was very, very poor whereas the export need was 
higher because Europe had curtailed its available supply and finally when oil prices were nearer 
to $120, there was a flurry of activity coming into oil and gas exploration and as we are 
intermediates, we were able to pivot away from supplying to a low demand domestic market 
which prioritizes textiles towards a high demand export market which prioritize things like water 
treatment and oil chemicals. Now this is where we are able to remain nimble. In India many of 
these segments have started showing a certain improvement and hence we have been pivoting 
back towards India to an extent. Our export market continues to remain served by us. The margin 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
profile on a net back basis I would say are relatively similar for two reasons. One is that the 
freight rates have normalized compared to the highs of last year and second is that there is a duty 
on our product when it is supplied to the US so I am talking about net back rates which also 
addresses the duty element, so our rates were not lower or higher compared to our domestic rates 
and hence in both cases we are okay. We have adequate opportunities to grow in this segment 
and we have the ability to pivot depending on end segment demand. This year we will have 
higher productivity and higher production. We are hopeful that we will be able to cater to the 
growing demand without needing to lose wallet share from one end segment to another. I hope 
that answered your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congratulations on a perfect score during the TfS audit. My first question is on phenol capacity 
so when we talk about 120% what is the base we are taking? Is it 200 or 250 and we have again 
mentioned that we will be debottlenecking further by 10% so what will be the final capacity that 
will be on stream in Q1?  
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So base is 200 KT and when we say we have said it is above 120 so it is higher than that and the 
debottlenecking in this we are expecting 50% increase in the capacity from the base of 200 KT. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right got it. Thanks for that clarification. Sir, second question is in terms of the domestic 
demand, so exports demand has been very dynamic. What is our understanding in terms of 
domestic demand for the products which are further being exported by the converters or the 
downstream players? 
Maulik Mehta: 
For which segment are you talking? Are you talking about phenol and acetone? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
No, for the standalone segment. 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, it does not matter, whether you are exporting it or you are giving it to a domestic converter 
who is exporting it because the domestic converter has a contractual agreement with an 
international client. It is essentially the same thing, and it depends on product to product because 
in the dye segment there is not much of this. However, this is much more prevalent when it 
comes to agrochemicals. As I mentioned earlier, in most of our cases, if not for all of our cases in 
agrochemicals, we have medium and long term contracts, some are annual and some are 
multiyear contracts. So the volumes are relatively protected. As and when we are able to 
debottleneck and make a little additional volume, we do have customers, who we are able to 
supply that on a spot basis at a spot price. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, got it. Sir just one last clarification in our presentation you had mentioned that there are 
Rs.2,500 crore projects currently which are undergoing so what is the completion timeline and 
capex for FY2024 and FY2025? 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Maulik Mehta: 
What I have mentioned earlier is that the fluorination and photochlorination project will be 
commissioned in Q3. The phenol debottlenecking will finish to a certain extent in Q1 and with 
the advanced process control which will further improve on our already global standard quality 
will start to get realized by Q2 and our upstream project will be commissioned in Q4 and 
downstream derivative of acetone which is also a solvent will be commissioned in Q1 of next 
year. Meanwhile, as I had also alluded to hydrogenation, multipurpose distillation, and a certain 
amount of difficult challenging nitration this will all be commissioned over the end of the second 
half of the year all the way to the end of the Q1 of the next year. The project which we have 
announced finally one last one which I forget to mention the polycarbonate compounding facility 
will be commissioned over the next 18 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan Thacker from ASK Investment Managers Limited.  
Chetan Thacker: 
Just two questions, one was if you can throw some light on the domestic demand for MIBK and 
MIBC and what is the capacity that we are putting up and how do we see that ramping up and 
second was on the Rs.2,500 crore capex if you can let us know how much is into backward 
integration and what is the growth capex and what kind of IRR should we expect on the 
backward integration projects? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay so first of all MIBK and MIBC we are targeting for the entire volume of both products to 
be consumed in the domestic market. We will take the opportunity to export if we think that the 
realization is better, but the domestic market has significant scope for it and when we are talking 
about volumes, we are taking about 40 KT for MIBK and about 8 KT for MIBC. Both of these 
projects will be commissioned pretty much together. With regards to upstream and downstream 
integration, I would not consider that to be a crucial question. The upstream integration will be 
able to significantly add to our bottom line no doubt but while we are doing it we are also 
confidently expanding our consumption capacities which will therefore add to the top line and 
though the expansions come at a fraction of the capex that the upstream these projects require. So 
net, net I will look at even upstream integration to be able to generate growth with minimum 
investment in debottlenecking of our existing products. And as usual we do not get into a lot of 
detail about the capex involved when we are talking about debottlenecking of products. 
Chetan Thacker: 
Got it and sir just to get a sense the domestic total volume for MIBK and MIBC? 40 and 8 is 
what we are setting up or 40 and 8 is the domestic consumption? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Both of these are the same. We are confident of being able to take 100% of the requirement. Let 
us also keep in mind that the requirement is growing at a healthy CAGR so we hope to apply our 
self to seeing how we can debottleneck this in short order after commissioning, but we are 
confident that we should be able to take as close to a 100% of the consumption demand. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Today it is 100% imported which is in the same range so that is what we will be able to supply to 
the market, substitute the import. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Chetan Thacker: 
Got it and on the Rs.2,500 crore of the total capex that is there is it fair to assume that since we 
are moving up the value chain our payback time should be anywhere between three to four years 
for these projects which is essentially faster than what it would have otherwise been? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, you are right. 
Maulik Mehta: 
This is a correct assumption. Just I will highlight that when we count payback, we are only 
considering the incremental value that we get. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Sir, first of all on this government incentives that you have mentioned in Q3 of the results, I am 
referring to footnote three of the results, there is a table showing the government incentive 
income, it is about Rs.59 crore for the year compared to only Rs.1.6 crore the previous year so 
just wanted to check if this is the usual export incentive or it is a one off item or is this a 
recurring item going forward? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
It is a recurring item going forward. This is an incentive given by the government for setting up 
the project and I believe this will continue for the next five to six years. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay is this Deepak Chem Tech or Deepak Phenolics? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
It is Deepak Phenolics. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay so we should expect the same number to sort of continue for the next five to six years? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
The numbers may vary up and down, there are various parameters on which the incentive is 
given, you can roughly take the same amount year-on-year not an issue. It can be a little higher 
also. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Sure understood. Thank you. Second thing was just on the polycarbonate compounding capacity 
it will be helpful if could please guide us a little bit on what sort of value addition we should 
expect between the compounding the products versus the base polycarbonate that we will 
eventually produce so in terms of may be the price variants or the difference in margins? How 
much roughly would we expect on that? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
See this is rather than looking at this facility as an EBITDA increase or something like that more 
important is that we are setting a base for polycarbonate. When you are going as a polycarbonate 
if you go with just for polycarbonate without knowing the market then it will not be right. In fact, 
we want to go further one step beyond not just polycarbonate but little polycarbonate derivatives 
also so that we have edge over the normal. There are various poly applications of polycarbonate 
which application makes sense for us, where to go, where the strength lies and while the demand 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
growing these are all parameters will test by getting into poly compounding facility first for 
which we have sanctioned Rs.250 crore and we are actively working on that. Parallelly, we will 
start work on polycarbonate but this has to happen first. This is a precursor to the polycarbonate. 
It will certainly when you select the right application your EBITDA is bound to go up than 
normal polycarbonate. I will refrain from giving any numbers now because we are ourselves 
studying but the whole idea is to make your product more I would say not commoditized product 
but somewhere it is getting a color of value addition. 
Maulik Mehta: 
I will just add one point here. This is what you will consider as seed marketing because customer 
approvals especially for high value compounds it takes anywhere from like six months to a year 
and a half so our goal is to make sure that we put our foot in the door there. Now of course it is a 
cherry on the top that the financials they do look attractive in any way when we are talking about 
the compounding facility, but the purpose of investing these few hundred crore is so that we can 
fast track the approval and validation process with the customers and in the meanwhile we work 
to see how we can connect between our current product portfolio and the manufacturing over a 
period of time so that we are end to end completely integrated. 
Abhijit Akella: 
That is helpful. The next question I just had was on the volume of contracted arrangement in the 
business? The presentation mentions that there is contracted supply of products from both the 
segments which provides high visibility for continued growth so just sort of wondering if you 
could share what percentage of the business might be contracted in both the businesses and what 
sort of pricing agreements do we normally have? Is it on a quarterly basis for these contracts or is 
it a longer term? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
I will answer on the pricing first because see pricing it is always formula based. In today’s world 
nobody gives you a fixed price unless it is only a couple of months or maximum for a quarter so 
there is no fixed pricing arrangement in most of the cases. In the finer specialty segment yes there 
will be a few contracts where it is fixed pricing, but the margins are certainly in our control and 
that way. In DNL, this volume should be in the range of around 25% to 30% whereas DPL is in 
the range of 20% to 25%, the contracted business, but by and large we have the same set of 
suppliers. In DNL and DPL also and they have been with us for years. DPL also we are 
supplying to most of the large consumers, and they are continuing with us. In today’s market 
nobody enters into a long-term contract which you also know. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Sure thank you so much. That is really helpful. Just one last quick clarification and I will get 
back in the queue. On slide seven we have shared some volumes so for example sales of 
inorganic intermediates of 7,600 tonnes and hydrogenation volumes just wanted to clarify are 
these for the quarter or for the full year? 
Maulik Mehta: 
We will come back to you with this. I am so sorry about that. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama Wealth Management.  

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, I was asking on this ammonia and for our phenol production first how do you see that and 
you had mentioned that changes have been there already in place for the cost structure what we 
incurred as we are going forward now so with the falling prices globally and also in India how do 
we see that our ammonia cost will come down and how the phenol spread in your view is going 
to move in the near future if you can just give some sense on that? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, both of these are challenging questions to answer with this volatility. One thing that I can say 
is that right now while the gas prices are temporally subdued especially in the summer season in 
Europe what we will end up having is compared to last year an increase in the production of 
ammonia. Meanwhile, most places have large inventories stockpiles of urea so there will I 
believe be more ammonia available for chemical companies such as Deepak. There will also be 
an increase in the new capacities that come in with regards to ammonia production which I hope 
will give at least some level of consistency with regards to price and availability. Now beyond 
that with regards to the spread between phenol, acetone, and their upstream these are linked to 
some extent to crude but the one thing that has happened over the last two years is that very 
easily linkage where you were able to derive some sort of a regression analysis that has broken 
because even the consumption has been affected. Styrene monomer which is a benzene 
downstream is doing reasonably okay compared to before, but polyurethane in fact are not at the 
current time. In the mean while paraxylene is not doing well therefore there is lower production 
of benzene. Some refineries are down because they do not want to manufacture at a volatile 
crude price so this has currently affected that easy predictability, or I can definitely say is that 
benzene currently is exhibiting some level of resilience. Propylene is getting softer. We will see 
how this goes as more plants either tone down their production or increase depending on 
availability of crude so very difficult question to answer given the current circumstances but one 
thing is for sure, I think everybody whether it is a manufacture or whether it is a consumer, 
everyone expected that even this year would be business as usual and I do not understand why 
because the second largest player in the chemical space which is China it came back with a bang 
from January onwards with huge stockpiles of manufactured products which they had not earlier 
moved out of the country for reasons of labor and unavailability and some such. So of course you 
are going to have a short term situation where there is glut in the market for certain products 
simply because they need to exhaust their inventory levels as well. The situation will normalize 
what that means is difficult to answer but you must look at the last quarter and the current quarter 
keeping this brand-new dark horse also in mind. The largest player coming back disrupts the 
entire supply chain. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, Sir it means that with the China situation and that you said that the way the Chinese 
production is coming in market and since we have just started coming in the market there may be 
high supplies of phenol in the market where you see that going forward or in the near-term 
phenol prices can further come down? 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, absolutely this is not what I am saying. Let me reiterate. First of all we have not in the past 
and we do not in the present or in the near term in the future next year or whatever it is, expect to 
have competition coming from Chinese phenol. We have had phenol coming from other 
countries, but not China and at least I can assure you that when it comes to phenol, acetone, and 
IPA your company remains resilient with regards to its wallet share and most of it or if not all of 
it is dedicated to domestic consumption which is also on an improving trend so you do not need 
to be worried about China coming into India with value destructive prices in phenol and acetone. 
Rohan Gupta: 
But Sir, still a large part of the domestic market is fed from the phenol import. As I understand 
the phenol business, we may have control on domestic consumption and the volumes we are not 
worried about but prices will be determined by global prices. 
Maulik Mehta: 
China is a large producer as well as a very large consumer of phenol so China generally speaking 
is a producer and a consumer, and it will focus on increasing and maintaining its consumption 
activities within China itself. China has never in the past been a global player when it comes to 
the export of phenol. It is self sufficient just like it is in the alkali industry. It is the largest 
producer of caustic chlorine but it does not affect the global trade flows in any way. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Regarding our further phenol extension, do we have any further future plans or in the near term 
any further plan on expansion of the phenol plant. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Rohan this question is again linked to your earlier question also. Frankly, with China or without 
China, India today imports around 2 lakh tonnes of phenol because demand is growing 
significantly and it is not a surprise that you people giving higher correction, higher numbers than 
what you people have expected. It is not only the price, what will happen if China comes or goes, 
there are other things also. Like in the first commentary we said that we are digitalizing our 
systems and processes which is going to improve our efficiency that you do not know what the 
impact is quite large by doing those things, operational efficiency. On top of it we have other 
products which are also equally doing well like AMA, acetone and IPA. Let us not read too much 
into China remarks. We are very confident that this year we will also give you a good result, do 
not worry on that. There is a room for one player I must tell you because India is growing 
significantly in phenol and yes at an appropriate time, we may also come to the market but you 
need to wait for that.    
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla Sunlife AMC.  
Naushad Chaudhary: 
If I remember it correctly earlier we have indicated the project in phenolics resin I think it was 
ventil phenol about which we were talking. What is the status currently of this project? What 
kind of investment we are planning and by when should it be commercialized? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No this was a conjecture. We are not looking at this ventilated phenol. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Where we have announced it. I do not think we have ever made any announcement about this.  
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay and secondly Sir on the investment pipeline of Rs.2,500 crore as of FY2023 closing on a 
base of Rs.1,300 crore of EBITDA with this investment of Rs.2,500 crore how much EBITDA it 
could contribute? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Let me just give some light here. Over the next four to five years we are planning as a group to 
double the revenue that we have had in FY2023 and the products that we are getting into a mix 
between downstream of Deepak Nitrite and downstream of phenolics. The margin mix will be 
similar so this is what we are putting into motion over the next four years. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
And doubling of revenue and doubling of gross profit as EBITDA should we take it the same 
way? 
Maulik Mehta: 
As I mentioned the margin profile is similar. I hope you are not asking about the percentage 
margin.  
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Understood so Rs.1,300 crore of EBITDA and Rs.2,600 crore of gross profit should be doubling 
early with the kind of investments we are doing. 
Maulik Mehta: 
I am just reiterating the margin profile is similar to the current margin profile in a normalized 
year, FY2023 was slightly suboptimal in that sense. If it were a normal year we would be talking 
about doubling of the revenue and a similar margin profile over the next four years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial.  
Krishan Parwani: 
Two or three clarification, so one is on the photo chlorination so just wanted to understand is it 
for side chain reaction of toluene or xylene as well and is chlorination being done for reducing 
the import dependency? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So photo chlorination what we have put up as an asset is an up engineered asset and you are right 
that it can done toluene but it can also do others like xylene. The asset itself will start off with a 
base chemical and then we will be looking at utilizing part of the asset which is actually broken 
down into multiple plants. We are talking about photo chlorination but it is done in multiple train 
so we will be able to dedicate individual trains to different products as we require them. The 
balancing equipment is all that will be required which is minor and which can be executed very 
quickly and with regards to the fluorination this is in a similar fashion up engineered when it 
comes to the MOCs, the pressure, the temperature that it can handle so while it may make one 
product to start off with which will reduce our volatility and increase our ability to deliver higher 
value intermediate. It is also designed with the intention of manufacturing products which use 
this platform but are not directly connected to any existing value chain. We will also be able to 
operate individually in individual trains. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Krishan Parwani: 
So on the phenolics side can we also think of adding diacetone alcohol or glycerin glycol because 
they also are imported into India and there is a high demand so just wondering about that. 
Maulik Mehta: 
These are all very good idea. Certainly, we can talk about them later because they are being 
worked on whether they should be worked on with a higher priority or low priority again the 
question is what is going to get us to as I mentioned earlier doubling of our revenue in the next 
four years, is it going to be a better substitute to something else that we may working on it is 
worth considering.  
Krishan Parwani: 
Understood and just a last bit on the capex front, I think you mentioned about the 
commercialization schedule etc. but I am sorry if I missed out so can you just give the capex 
break up of 2024 and 2025 and the commercial schedule once again sorry. 
Maulik Mehta: 
The capex breakup I will not give you because these are all in process because the capex breakup 
might include capexes which we are not yet announced so that we can achieve our four-year 
target, five-year target. Okay, if you are only talking about the Rs.2,500 crore which we have 
already announced very quickly we have the phenol debottlenecking happening in Q1, the APC 
happening in Q2, we have photo chlorination and fluorination happening in Q3, we have the up 
stream integration happening in Q4 and we have the acetone derivative happening in Q1 of next 
year and between Q4 to Q1 we will also be commissioning our expanded hydrogenation 
multipurpose distillation and multipurpose nitration. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So whatever we have announced with the Rs. 2,500 crore capex, quarter-on-quarter you will find 
one or other project getting materialized and the numbers itself with speak for itself. So project 
wise details you can consider all this coming up in the next two years, with the Rs.2,500 capex 
and the doubling of revenue over four years there are different plans. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Understood so this Rs.2,500 crore is for 2024 and 2025 combined for whatever you have 
announced, 2025 could be higher depending on whether you announce that project or not correct. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
You are right.  
Maulik Mehta: 
Last one that I forgot to mention is the compounding facility which will be commissioned over 
the next 18 months. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Understood. I am sorry. I think I missed one point, the reason for higher phenolics spread this 
quarter on a gross level that is before power, fuel and other expenses so that is the last one for 
me. 
Maulik Mehta: 
In Q4 actually compared to sequentially in Q3 we had rather unfortunate incident out of our 
control when the largest supplier of one of the feedstock had an extended shutdown longer than 
that was originally announced and hence we were forced to buy the intermediate ‘cumin’ from 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
the global market at prices which would be much higher than what we would have manufactured 
at ourselves and this has impacted our Q3 numbers. Of course, in Q4 we did not need to do that 
and our supply of raw material was steady as was our phenol and acetone to customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from Yes Securities.  
Nitin Tiwari: 
I am sorry if you have already answered the question and just wanted to clarify what is the 
purchase of finished goods reported in this quarter of about Rs.122 crore? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
I think that is ‘cumin’.  
Nitin Tiwari: 
So as Mr. Mehta was just mentioning this ‘cumin’ purchases was for this quarter or was it for the 
last quarter? I mean I did not get that. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
It will be Q3 largely. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
But Q3 also had a small figure of about Rs.16 crore and in Q4 we are still looking at a figure of 
Rs.122 crore so there is a large purchase in Q4 as well of ‘cumin’. 
Maulik Mehta: 
The regular shutdown that we have which is for catalyst replacement and maintenance activities 
along with minor activities that were done for some expansion resulted in a period where we did 
purchase a little bit.  
Nitin Tiwari: 
Understood and on the phenol expansion I just wanted to get some clarification, also right now 
we have operating capacity at 250,000 tonnes per annum is it or the name plate is still 2 lakh per 
annum. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Forget about the name plate. What I can tell you is that normal most chemical manufacturing 
plants especially ones which are continuous in nature which requires cooling and chilling, the 
plant throughput is higher in winter because of cooler environment and lower in the summer and 
hence we have actually touched much higher numbers in winter, the debottlenecking activities 
will allow us to manufacture at much higher rate through the entire year maybe possibly try to 
squeeze out a couple of more tonnes in winter possible to increase our throughout even in 
summer months. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So when we say 120% utilization that is 120% of 200,000 as we had alluded in June last year that 
we now have operational capacity to work at 250,000 so is it 120% of 250,000 or 200,000 is 
what I am trying to understand. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
  Nitin, what we have said is above 120%. We have not given you exact 120% it is more than 
that. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Nitin Tiwari: 
But 120% of what. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
 So, it is more than 120% and with this debottlenecking let us not do too much of maths 120 of 
240 or 260 because that will keep on varying. This is what our capacity will touch 50% higher 
than 2 lakh that is the base.  
Nitin Tiwari: 
All right so we will be roughly at 300 after debottlenecking. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Understood and Sir my last question if I may. So, how do we look at the phenolics pricing so as 
you mentioned our 30% roughly it is contracted so is this understanding correct that rest 70% 
business in phenol is spot market related so is that right understanding and secondly if that is the 
case then how do we see the pricing for us because if we look at the March quarter as far as the 
Asian prices are concerned we did see some weakness in phenol and acetone prices and such so 
how do we basically foresee our traction pricing in the backdrop of how Asian price would be so 
if you can throw some light on that. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
This is contracted then you have not heard my view because I said it is always a short-term 
contract and a formula we try. We are not contracting anything on a long-term basis because 
neither the customer would want it nor we will want that. Prices keep on fluctuating in Deepak 
Nitrite you will have fine specialty business at a price for maybe six months, nine months but not 
in phenol. There are no fixed prices contracts in phenol. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So, the pricing contracts are short term or either spot is what you are saying.     
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, but volumes are tied up. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Volumes are tied up and on the pricing front how do we try and understand the pricing that we 
have vis-à-vis the Asian pricing if you can just help us understand that a little bit because there is 
a contrast in the way Asian prices have behaved in the quarter and the way our margins have 
been. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
But you are linking why the prices is margin. You do not consider our other things which I 
repeat, there are efficiencies there are other products. You answer very honestly whether it was 
better that what you expected it or no. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sir 100% better than what I was expecting and that is why I am curious to know to how we see 
that going forward. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Every quarter we have been surprising you. Every quarter you ask me kya break hai, kyon isa 
hata hai, acha dehta hai tho be you question. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Nai nai sir aise bath nahe hai samajne ki koshish kar rahi hai bas. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Koshish mein nahi kar rah ahu tum kyu kar rahi ho. I must tell you repeatedly we are doing very 
well. I mean there are several steps we are taking. There is a product called AMS which was 
earlier going to China where our realization were very low, now we are going to Europe with 
that. That is also adding to the phenol margins this things are never ever considered by your 
people. Like Maulik was mentioning in ‘cumin’ there is definitely an impact of that so when you 
consider with that vis-à-vis and this year we are going to do better as against last year also so 
there are several improvements which we keep on doing. We cannot, ab hey China mein kay hua 
wapas aisa kya hua if we think like this then we will not be able to run our business but we are 
taking so many steps to strengthen our business and make our base sound which gives the 
numbers and this is what we are precisely doing, doubling the capacity. This is all there but then 
first you make your business solid that is what we try to do. Like Abhijit ka question tha that was 
the export for the quarter, our exports was really well for this year so these are thing we continue 
to do and which will strengthen our bottom line and business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Janakiraman Rengaraju from Franklin Mutual Fund.  
Janakiraman R.: 
Congrats to you and your team for a very creditable performance so Mr. Mehta mentioned that 
China’s return to the chemical industry is a big event for this year and in that context while 
Deepak’s Phenol business may be immune to that development, will the other operating 
segments be impacted by that either on the raw material side or on the finished goods either 
positive or adverse impacts. 
Maulik Mehta: 
China currently operates as a wild card. What we believe influences our performance in DNL 
standalone more is the volatility in the consumer buying behavior. We maintain very very high 
valet shares with our customers and our customers have been gracious enough to always give us 
our premium over whatever way the prices are in China are. Let me also reiterate that in 2020 
and in 2021 China was operating at full scale. In 2022 did it go into a partial or total shutdown, 
so while the rest of a world did have a COVID induced lockdown and scarce in 2020 and 2021 
we were competing head on with China in every one of our products and we were able to 
maintain strong performance so while China is there customer continue to prefer to buy from 
Deepak regardless of whatever happens we are always confident that our operational efficiencies 
are as good as China if not better in every one of our products. In most of the products we 
actually have to compete in European markets with giants like BASF and Lanxess as well. While 
they are not Chinese companies they have a home market advantage which we have to be able to 
match so when we have global scale we have the capability and the experience to match that so I 
will only say that what I am cautious about is inflation and consumer buying behavior while they 
continue to buy the same volumes from us they remain more focused on what will happen over 
the next three months and six months. Nonetheless every one of our customer who has an annual 
or multiyear contract with us has reiterated multiple times in the last couple of months that the 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
entirety of the contracts is to be honored both by Deepak as well as by them. They recognize that 
volatilities are there. They are there in the short term but they are expecting us to honor those 
commitments just as much as we are expecting them those relationships continue to grow and we 
are looking at expanding the amount of business even in new products that we have with the 
same customers even with these are products which are new extension to our existing product 
basket and value chain. 
Janakiraman R.: 
Got it and again from a broader perspective the last three, four years the kind of ROCE that 
Deepak has generated is fairly impressive in light of this and the fact that you will be committing 
a  large amount of capex over the next two years can we sustain these levels of mid 20% ROCE? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Mid 20 is easier to sustain. Right now, we have been operating at high 30s and the low 40s, so 
mid 20s sounds doable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet Vora from Axis Capital.  
Meet Vora: 
I just wanted to understand the dynamics of phenol acetone plant so for example we have setup a 
plant with nameplate capacity of 2 lakh tonnes now we are debottlenecking at 50% and taking it 
to 3 lakh tonnes for example if our requirement of phenol acetone increases going further how 
much we can debottleneck further till the time where there is a need for setting up another 
capacity. 
Maulik Mehta: 
There is a need for setting up another capacity. This is something we are actively working on 
because the amount of easy headroom is limited after 3 lakh tonnes. It is still possible but takes 
more effort and after that it will start coming with certain possible down sides when we are 
making 150% we are confident of being able to do it without any impact whatsoever with regards 
to the reliability and the maintenance of the plant anything beyond that and we start having to 
take comprises we are not willing to so we do need to actively work to see how we can maintain 
and grow our wallet share. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
But here also I will add to what Maulik has said. Our technical team have always surprised us. 
We used to believe that we could not cross 250. We have crossed 250, then 275, now 3 lakhs so 
people are giving us surprises. They are saying there is no capacity. It is more to do with the 
competency and I will not be surprised if they give me 5 to 10,000 more beyond 3 lakh also so let 
us keep our finger crossed but then there is a need for one more plant now that is for sure. 
Meet Vora: 
Sure Sir and also if you can highlight the capex that we need to do. For example, we did a capex 
of around Rs.1,400 crore for our original 2 lakh tonne now how much capex would we have 
spent on this additional 1 lakh tonne debottlenecking that we did over and about the 2 lakh 
capacity. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Less than Rs. 100 crore. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
 Have you seen anything in the balance sheet showing higher capex. You must appreciate this.          
Meet Vora: 
So we have done hardly any capex on the additional 1 lakh tonne. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Actually the only capex that we did were on IPA and the power plant. 
Meet Vora: 
Okay that is great and the second question, if you can share any update on the sodium nitrite 
project in Oman that we have announced in the last quarter. 
Maulik Mehta: 
So that is going on track. See you have to remember it is a different country which has its own 
challenges but we are targeting between 24 to 30 months for commissioning. As I mentioned 
earlier this is in line with that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research.  
Anika Mittal: 
I have two questions. My first question is why there is a delay in the commissioning of the 
project. What factors have contributed to this delay in commissioning and how has it impacted? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Which project was delayed? 
Anika Mittal: 
In the Q3FY23 presentation, a delay of one quarter in MIBK and MIBC plants, according to your 
presentation it was written that it will be commissioned by Q4 2024 financial year but in this 
quarters presentation its written it will be commissioned by Q1 FY2025. 
Maulik Mehta: 
There were certain challenges when it came to technology, supplier, and some part of the 
engineering. This is partially also owing to some challenges that they have faced from their own 
sub-contractors in Europe. These are actually very large and complicated assets especially the 
column, and they have significant amount of engineering required. Nonetheless I hope that the 
problem is behind us so we should have a better chance of sticking to the schedule that we have 
announced. We see what best we can do or try to bring forward but what we are telling you is 
something that we are willing to commit to. 
Anika Mittal: 
Alright. My second questions is we are expanding the business in downstream and upstream 
products which are more profitable, and value added than the current offering. We have more 
than double revenue from Rs.2,700 crore in 2019 to Rs.6800 crore in 2022 however the margins 
have been affected by the fluctuations and commodity pricing which makes us look like a 
commodity driven company rather than a value-added company. We are not saying that we can 
avoid the volatility of the industry should we believe that our margins can improve with our end 
products so my first question is when we can be recognized as a value-added company rather 
than a pure play commodity one. 

  
 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Maulik Mehta: 
We are neither a pure play commodity company nor we are a CDMO company. We are a 
diversified chemical manufacturing company which has significant operational excellence and a 
wide basket of operational platforms that we can put into play. Now when you see on your things 
like margin, pressure. If you look at Deepak Nitrite, we had a fire incident I touched that and that 
has resulted in impact with regards to out percentages but over the last three years every quarter 
you will see a remarkably stable margin profile for the company as a whole and that is because of 
the length and the breadth of our value chain. Now when it comes to phenolics, yes of course 
there is a nature of commodity margins creeping in and that is one of the reason why there are 
certain projects which are more focused on downstream rather than upstream in phenolics. DNL 
has investment but in upstream as well as downstream. Phenolics has only investment in 
downstream and those investments will have margin profile which are similar to Deepak Nitrite 
standalone and hence between then will help to elevate the margin profile of what you consider 
the phenolics business to something which is somewhere between its current profile and Deepak 
Nitrite so please do not make the mistake of treating us a purely commodity again let me 
highlight we are a diversified chemical manufacturing company. We prioritize on intermediates 
because this is where we believe we can play a great role with regards to operational capabilities. 
Our ROCE please find companies in commodity space or in what you would call the CDMO or 
the specialty space which have consistently over 14 quarters been able to deliver higher than 35% 
ROCE while also making new investments for growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you all for joining this call. In case you have any further questions, you can write to us or 
get in touch with Mr. Somsekhar Nanda, Mr. Gopal Thakkar. Thank you all. Thank you once 
again. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. 
 
