 
 
Date: 31st May, 2023 
 
To,  
The Manager, 
Corporate Filings Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
Security Code: 532815 
The Manager, 
Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol: SMSPHARMA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 26th May, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find the attached transcript of the Conference 
Call held on Friday, 26th May, 2023 for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 31st 
March, 2023. 
 
A copy of the said Transcript is being uploaded on the website of the Company 
www.smspharma.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate on your website. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Thirumalesh Tumma 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Thirumalesh 
Tumma
Digitally signed by 
Thirumalesh Tumma 
Date: 2023.05.31 18:09:18 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited  
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 26th May 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VAMSI KRISHNA POTLURI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. LAKSHMI NARAYANA TAMMINEEDI – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. THIRUMALESH TUMMA – COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited Q4 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company which are based on the belief, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involved risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri, Executive Director of SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining the earnings conference call to discuss the 
financial performance for the quarter year ended March 31, 2023. I hope everyone must 
have got an opportunity to go through our financial results and investor presentation which 
have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as our company website.  
In Q4 FY2023, the company delivered a healthy operational result, generating a revenue of 
around Rs.149 Crores and achieving a sequential PAT growth of 53% at Rs.8 Crores. 
Sequentially, there was an expansion in operating margins with Q4 FY2023 EBITDA 
margin reaching 16.4%, a gain of 246 basis points.  
Despite facing severe headwinds in form of low offtake of ARV products which had a 
profound adverse impact on our Q1 FY2023 numbers, we are pleased to still have managed 
to retain the topline numbers in FY2023, that we had achieved in last fiscal year. This is 
despite having minuscule contribution from ARV segment which contributed just 3% of our 
total revenues in FY2023 as compared to 40% in FY2022. This was on account of our 
ability to successfully pivot to more lucrative product segments. Anti-diabetic product 
segments contributed about 38% of the total revenue in FY2023 as compared to less than 
3% in 2022. The growth in anti-diabetic drug was driven by the expiration of numerous 
gliptin patents. Also the contribution from anti-inflammatory products doubled to about 
14% in FY2023 from 7% in FY2022. So, all-in-all, launch a new products, expansion of 
high value product range and robust demand in non-ARV segments led to better 
performance in second half of FY2023. 
 
Our FY2023 margins were however impacted especially in initial quarters because of us 
entering into new product line, change in product mix along with structural industrial issues 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
in form of higher raw material cost and volatility in price realization. Towards the end of 
the year, company has witnessed growth and margin traction. This uptrend in operational 
performance is likely to improve in the coming quarters. Importantly, also the ARV 
business has bottomed out and is likely to make a significant contribution to our revenue 
and profitability and growth in FY2024. We are expecting healthy orders of ARV products 
at least for next two, three quarters. Our regular portfolio of therapeutic categories like anti-
migraine and anti-ulcer are also performing very well. 
 
Raw material prices which remain eliminated for majority of FY2023, have also started 
stabilizing now and are quickly restoring back to normalcy, as the Chinese market has 
opened up post the shutdown owing to their zero-COVID policy.  
The key areas of focus in FY2023-FY2024 is to improve profitability on each product 
category. For the same, company will be aggressively focusing on R&D in this fiscal year, 
with an aim to achieve cost optimization of our existing products. In addition to this, these 
healthy demand for Ibuprofen and we are adding new customers across various 
geographies, which usually takes around 6 to 9 months. So, by the end of FY2024, we are 
anticipating a good traction for Ibuprofen product as well. We also have decided to 
undertake vertical integration of some of our high-volume products with an objective to 
improve the overall margins in the coming years.  
Now for API segments highlights: Q4 & FY23  revenue for the API segment stood at 
Rs.146.1 Crores and Rs.502.4 Crores, respectively. Q4 & FY23, API segment contributed 
approximately 97.8% and 96.2% to the consolidated revenues. Within the API segment, 
15% of the revenue came from the domestic market and 85% from the export market, 
including deemed exports  for Q4 FY2023. Within the therapeutic areas, anti-diabetic 
contributed to 26%, anti-migraine 21%, anti-ulcer 13%, anti-epileptic 3%, anti-ED function 
around 8%, anti-inflammatory 17%. The rest contributed to around 12% of the total sales 
for Q4 FY2023. The contribution of ARV therapeutic category was almost negligible.  
Our company is strategically positioned to capitalize on that market opportunities and it is 
fully dedicated to providing long-term value for all our stakeholders through it sustained 
focus on operational efficiency and core competitiveness. I am very pleased to say that the 
outlook of the company remains very optimistic and we are on track towards accomplishing 
our progress. Finally, I would like to emphasize that our dedication to sustainable growth 
and delivering value to all our stakeholders remains unwavering. You can now begin 
question and answer session. Thank you. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Nehal Jain from SK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nehal Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I had a few questions. First, what are your thoughts on the 
overall outlook for the pharmaceutical industry in FY2024? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Thanks for your question. I think it is a bounce back, but like it would not be completely 
back to pre-COVID, but it is slowly in an upward trajectory is what I could say the entire 
pharmaceutical industry and it depends on the segment-to-segment like we have focused 
mostly on API segment. so API segment is starting to see a little more stability in terms of 
raw material prices, because like now China which was shut down completely, it has now 
completely opened up. So now we are seeing more manufacturers of raw materials come in, 
so we see some stability in the solvent prices as well and some key raw materials as well. 
So for API manufacturers, I think it is definitely going to be a good year going forward. 
Nehal Jain: 
Okay, so what will be the key growth drivers for the company? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: As I mentioned in my short speech, so I think company this year will be focusing on cost 
optimization mainly, because we were in spite of having lost ARV business which 
contributed to 40% of our topline, but still we are able to maintain topline of that business I 
mean  topline which was just over last year as well. Profitability came down owing to 
various issues. Now this year, the focus of company is to invest more into R&D and into 
cost optimization, trying to backward integrate. Especially some of the big products, we 
want to manufacture most of KSMs in-house, not depending on China or any other source 
wherever possible and try to be more flexible and get a better realization, profit - that is the 
focus of the company. 
Nehal Jain: 
Okay, understood sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Naitik Mohata from Sequent 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. My first question would be a CRAMS business so what 
is the outlook for CRAMS business in FY2024? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: With respect to the ARV segment or CRAMS in general. 
Naitik Mohata: 
In general. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Generally CRAMS business is a very small contributor to our revenue. In the past it used to 
be there when we were, a few years back, but generally CRAMS is a smaller contribution in 
our revenue. It will probably be less than 3%, 4%. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Okay sir and my second question what are the prices for Ibuprofen right now and what kind 
of scenario does it look for in Q1 as well as what was it in Q3 as well? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Ibuprofen when we had launched late last year, I think the prices for. The thing is that we 
are new entrants in this market, not an established player commanding a significant market 
share, we were new entrant in the market. So obviously, we had to go aggressive try to get 
some market share. Now the prices have sort of stabilized right now for Ibuprofen and 
obviously I think we are now on the qualification of many other customers in U.S., Europe - 
across many geographies in the world. So this will take around six to nine months’ time to 
completely finish qualifications, approvals from respective authority and they start taking 
commercials. So our price, all these regulated customers pricing is not the question to 
answer because each market has a different pricing. So other generalized answer that I 
could give you like what is the price - so in that $10 range plus or minus based on market, 
but it is range of $10. 
Naitik Mohata: 
What kind of trend do we see like do we see the price is increasing? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: So it will probably stable, to be honest. I think it will be as we are right now and again we 
cannot predict but there could be a couple of months where there could be some shortage or 
any issues with any other suppliers then suddenly it could be a good month where Ibuprofen 
prices could reach $12 or $13 and again could come back to again $10, so it is a cycle that 
happens typically. So, you cannot completely predict, but we will be ready, we are focused 
on this particular product, especially because we have invested quite a lot on this product 
and we really want to make this product a very strong growth product. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Okay, thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Akash Mehta from Capaz 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Akash Mehta: 
Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. First thing, do 
we intend to develop any new capacities or undertaking any sort of Brownfield or 
Greenfield expansion going forward? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Can you please repeat your question. I think we were unable to hear your question. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Akash Mehta: 
I was saying do we intend to develop any new capacities or undertake any sort of 
Brownfield or Greenfield expansion?  
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: We have no plans to undertake any Greenfield or Brownfield projects at this point of time. 
As a company we would like to consolidate before our next project at this point of time. 
Akash Mehta: 
Any details on the capital expenditure for FY2024? If you can elaborate? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: It is a regular normal plant capex, nothing extraordinary out of this, regular maintenance 
capex. 
Akash Mehta: 
Do we intend to increase the percentage of our API revenue from the domestic markets 
going forward? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Your question is currently increase API revenue from the emerging market, is it? 
Akash Mehta: 
Yes. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Definitely. I think especially alfuzosin we are trying to use as a key driver, because we will 
get entrance into new countries that is critical aspect, we will definitely go. We are targeting 
a lot of semi-regulated and non-regulatory countries as well with our alfuzosin. This also 
opens channel for some of other products to go ahead in the same channel. 
Akash Mehta: 
Alright. That helps Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Dhiraj Sachdev from Roha Asset 
Manager. Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
In different segments that we are operating which includes ARV, CRAMS, APIs, Ibuprofen 
and the margin volatility can happen in either of the segment. So based on the capital 
investment that we incurred couple of years back which was pretty heavy, on an overall 
basis, what could be the blended sustainable conservative bottom margin that we can 
expect. I know it is very difficult to predict across, but then on a conservative basis what are 
the things that we are looking at considering at $10 Ibuprofen prices as well? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: I think there will be growth we are expecting growth of around 20% to 25% on margins 
upfront this year compared to last year. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
But I am talking about from a quarter basis because we did about close to 15%, what could 
that number be? 
Lakshmi Narayana T: 
That 15% EBITDA margins, we are going to be increase by may be another 250 to 300-
basis points. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Okay and on a volume basis, what are the things that we are looking at, what kind of 
volume growth we are looking? 
Lakshmi Narayana T: 
You meant to say the topline? 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Yes, volume growth. 
Lakshmi Narayana T: 
I have already told. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: From a topline front, I think we will be retaining more or less, more than what we did in 
current quarter, so the trajectory is on upper side only. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Okay. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: On a year by year, I think we are looking at least 20% growth this year compared to 
FY2023. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Given that ARV was virtually low as a mix, if it comes back, are you still confident of 
maintaining margins higher by 200-basis points? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Of course, last year I think there were low ARVs, but still we managed to retain topline. But 
now I think ARV is coming back and getting good orders and we aim to get better 
realization of topline and the margins as well. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
And what will be the overall capacity utilization at this point of time? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: At this point will be around 70%, approximately 65% to 70%. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So you are talking about finally virtually about 20% kind of topline growth with about 17% 
blended margins right? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Could you repeat that question? 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So you are finally talking about 20% topline growth and close to 17% EBITDA margin? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Absolutely, yes. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
I may have missed it, but what is the capex or new product or anything that we are talking? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: We have not planned any major capex this year, because we want to consolidate cash flows 
and get some good revenues out of it. And then we probably may be in FY2025 may be we 
might plan for capex, based on FY2024. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sajal Kapoor an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have got a couple of questions. How much of our asset base is 
fungible. So we have got 3,000 KL at Vizag and much lower capacity at Hyderabad. More 
interested on the Vizag side, how much of that 3,000 KL is fully fungible and we can 
switch between molecules? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: So our Hyderabad site is almost close to from 85% to 90% fully optimal. I do not think we 
will doing any more expansion there or we will be adding any new products there, so it is 
almost like 90% is occupies. So coming to the Vizag side, there is a big space, it definitely 
depends on the product mix right, so based on the product  growth. We have 65% I think 
right now is the current occupancy in that plant. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
I am not interested in the current capacity utilization of that 3000 KL Vizag side. I am 
interested to know whether you can switch, for example, if in a given reactor, you are 
making Sitagliptin today, can you use the same reactor to make Levetiracetam. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: We have multiple blocks with multiple like we have A line, B line, C line and D line 
multiple lines there. Each has its own like one of the lines has four clean rooms, one has 
two clean rooms with two products parallelly can be run something like that, so it is a 
different mix and combination that we can definitely take up there, based on the scheme in 
which reactors are suiting for which product? 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Exactly. So if we lose competitive, so there is no demand for a certain API let us say 
scenario that happened with the ARV. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: The reactors can be used for other products as well. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Exactly and we are going to maintain the R&D intensity to make sure that we continuously 
innovate and continue to diversify and we actually do not go back to the same scenario 
where we got dependency on a certain class of products like ARV. We have done good 
work in sort of diversifying going away from ARV. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Absolutely. So again our R&D is generally working on a lot of products and different 
therapeutic categories as well. So if you see out this year segment type, I think it is almost 
for example, like this year contribution from anti-diabetic was 26%, anti-migraine was 21% 
and anti-ulcer around 14%.,anti-epileptic 3%, anti-inflammatory 17%, - so that essentially 
is Ibuprofen, so we are looking to grow that up to 35%. So if you see more or less 
everything , so we are working on different segments. We expect ARVs to come back to 
around 20% again. So we are diversifying and we are at a single point of time focused on 
multiple therapeutic categories. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That is helpful and the other question that I have is if you go back to pre-COVID era, so I 
am talking about 2018, 2019? Our gross margins were very similar to what we have 
reported in the March quarter in FY2023 and our operating margin back then were 19%, 
20%. So the question is has the industry structure changed so much that we cannot go back 
to those pre-COVID margins or given the product diversification and the R&D that we have 
done since we are confident that once we start fully utilizing our asset base, we can actually 
get to 20% margins where we were before COVID? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri:  Yes definitely, it will not happen overnight, it is a gradual process obviously because of 
COVID, lot of stocks being high for the customers and lack of demand from the customer 
side. With further reduction in prices we tried to move the inventory from our side. Because 
all of this we were not able to get those post COVID numbers in terms of margins, but over 
next one to two years, I think it is definitely possibility of going back to 20% EBITDA 
margin. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
How many scientists do we have in total today between the CMO and our own filing, put 
together. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: How many. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
How many scientists, how many people we have on the R&D side between the CMO. So 
we do CMO for B2B business as well as we have our own filings, right now. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: 30 people in process R&D and around 20 people in analytical R&D. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Okay and how do you read the emerging opportunity in the CDMO space. A lot of 
companies like Tube investments and Nirma who are traditionally not in the API 
manufacturing, so they have got no past experience in the API manufacturing, they are now 
talking about entering into the CDMO space working with the innovators on the 
intermediate price to begin with and then eventually graduating from intermediate to APIs. 
And given our track record of three decades, why is it that we are not actively looking at? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: No, in the next two years I think that is also one of our major goal, we also are evaluating 
on that space, so which segment would be the right choice for us we are still debating that 
internally. But definitely I think we are also having plans to look at those opportunities as 
well. So first for next two years we will see our plans progressing in that direction. 
Obviously, our bread and butter probably will be the API sales, but definitely I think, that’s 
good stream to add another revenue. So we definitely have plans to move into this in the 
next couple of years. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Wonderful. Thank you so much for all the responses, all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jigar Shah from AK Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jigar Shah: 
Good morning Sir. So I have a couple of questions, how is the company planning to 
improve profitability on each product category and can you please elaborate more on the 
company's plan for vertical integration? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: I think the plan to increase the profitability once the product is, natural it is probably doing 
a backward integration and trying to make most of the intermediates and keep starting 
materials in-house. So that is what the company, so this year most of our R&D focus will be 
in that direction and process R&D trying to better the process that we currently have and 
increase the margins going forward. So that is the major aim of the company this year to 
increase the profitability. 
Jigar Shah: 
Correct. Sir, my next question is that what are our FY2023 R&D expenditures and what are 
our key focus areas for R&D in FY2024? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: The major focus from R&D is cost optimization. Second, the thing is we are planning, we 
are looking at a little new therapy categories again, obviously existing therapeutic 
categories I think we are dominating in some of the segments. Apart from this, we are 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
looking at some new therapeutic categories and that we are looking at so probably may be a 
new product list will be in our R&D product list. 
Jigar Shah: 
Correct. Thank you sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jiya Shah from Wealth Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jiya Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. The first thing on the capacity utilization, so what is the 
projection for FY2023 and what are the target levels for capacity utilization for 2024? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: I think we have already answered this question. Right now I think it is around 60% to 65% 
capacity utilization. I think target is to do a total of 5 to 80% next year before going on any 
other Greenfield project going forward. 
Jiya Shah: 
Okay. I also understand that some of our raw material prices have stabilized in the recent 
past, so how has this impacted our cost structure and how will it impact our margins in the 
coming quarters? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: So again as I saying now it has stabilized, the raw material prices, the solvent prices, 
because of the war there was a lot of fluctuations and now they seem to have stabilized right 
now. So at this point of time definitely I think we are working towards 20% EBITDA 
margin that we had pre-COVID time, so definitely as we have mentioned to the previous 
caller also, I think it will not happen overnight, but in the next two years’ time I think we 
definitely should be there. 
Jiya Shah: 
Okay and just last question on Ibuprofen if you could throw some light on the current 
capacity, the expansion plan the pricing and the volume growth that you are expecting in 
domestic as well as an export market? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Right now, we are commercially operating at 300 metric ton right now and in the next six 
months we are looking at around 700 tons per month and this is very minor estimate I think 
we can take it up to close to 900 tons. 
Jiya Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Dipti Kothari from Kothari 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Dipti Kothari: 
Good morning sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was that can you 
provide more details on the factors that led to the sequential improvement in operating 
margins in Q4? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Yes, as we had mentioned earlier definitely this stabilization of raw material prices and 
obviously the product mix that that we changed and as year has gone by, we are working on 
some KSMs,  some raw material trying to get that in-house to reduce the raw material cost 
of the product, so those led for better margin profile. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Okay and second question is on the antibiotic segment. So the antibiotic segment revenue 
share has been exhibiting significant growth in the past few quarters. So what is your 
outlook for the performance of this segment in FY2024? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Definitely, it is a very good segment. We are one of largest exporters out of India of this 
segment. So definitely I think we have  good projection going forward as well. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Okay and sir, you mentioned that ARV business has bottomed out and it is likely to make a 
significant contribution to your revenue and profitability growth in FY2024? So can you 
provide more details about your plan to grow this business? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: We have recently added more customers as well on ARV space and now I think slowly the 
orders have started flowing in, so again we could see a decent contribution and we would 
like to limit that contribution of around 20% only. So definitely decent contribution started 
happening in the next couple of quarters. So now I think ARV it looks to be on track. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Can the ARV business achieve scale similar to pre-COVID levels? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: That we cannot guarantee, but definitely as I said slow process, it will take some time, but 
at this point of time we cannot comment on that, because it is tender. We do not know who 
will be awarded the tender and there is lot of ambiguity about who will get the tender and 
things like that. So based on that we cannot commit to it saying that it is coming back to the 
pre-COVID level. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Vibhor Tomar an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Tomar: 
So I have one question which is regarding the growth potential which you have from the 
other APIs and from the ARV segment. So you mentioned that around 20% growth is 
expected for FY2024. So will it be on the steady state business or does this also include the 
ARV contribution. 

  
 
 
SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Both, from our existing growth as well, as also our ARV business and our anti-diabetic 
segment and Ibuprofen will also be improving quarter by quarter as well, adding on more 
customers, so I think it is a combination of all these, I think we are expecting the 20% 
growth. 
Vibhor Tomar: 
Okay and what will be the margins of the ARV segment? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: EBITDA around 15%. 
Vibhor Tomar: 
This is mainly tender driven business right, so you are expecting to win some tenders or you 
have already won? 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Yes, we are not bidding for the tenders, we are just API players, so formulators will bid for 
the tenders. 
Vibhor Tomar: 
Got it. Understood. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Vamsi Krishna Potluri for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Vamsi Krishna Potluri: Thank you everyone for joining us on this call. Please reach out to our consultants Strategic 
Growth Advisors or us directly via our website if you have any further queries. Thank you 
so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. On behalf of SMS Pharmaceuticals Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
