August 14, 2023
The Secretary
BSE Limited
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 531595
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: CGCL
Sub:
Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),
Regulations, 2015, regarding Q1 FY24 Earnings Call - Transcript
Dear Sir /Madam,
Further to our letter dated August 02, 2023, intimating schedule of the Earnings Conference Call on August
08, 2023 to discuss the Company’s Q1 FY24 Earnings, we are attaching herewith the transcript of the said
Conference Call.
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
for Capri Global Capital Limited
Yashesh Bhatt
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: ACS 20491
Encl.: As above
YASHESH 
PANKAJ BHATT
Digitally signed by YASHESH PANKAJ BHATT 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=b3e7ea901c9a729b6569714909dc863465c42a6ccee67d6
3a046221ffe69079d, postalCode=400101, street=601 Gurukrupa 
Nathjidwar Co op scty ltd Ashok nagar cross road 3 Kandivali East, 
pseudonym=1849f84eabdeea8eb673f7cf6edfd821, 
serialNumber=6cf397ef478005ac82073195cebc3c26bc9eaf314477
eccca9d035912ec460db, o=Personal, cn=YASHESH PANKAJ BHATT 
Date: 2023.08.14 18:47:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Numbering System Legend 
INR 10 Lakhs  
 
= INR 1Mn 
INR 1 Crore  
 
= INR 10Mn 
INR 100 Crores   
= INR 1Bn 
INR 1 Lakh Crore  
= INR 1Tn 
 
NOTE:  
1) 
This transcript has been edited for lucid reading. To that extent, this is not a verbatim transcription of 
the audio transcript.  
2) 
Factual corrections are marked at relevant places in the transcript and are referenced to footnote/s.  
3) 
Recurring terms like ‘YoY’, ‘QoQ’, basis (referring to basis points) in the audio transcript have been 
shrunk to ‘YoY’, ‘QoQ’, and ‘bps’ respectively. 
 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 8, 2023 
 
Management 
Mr. Rajesh Sharma  
Founder & Managing Director, Capri Global Capital Ltd. 
 
Mr. Ravikant Bhat 
Sr. VP - Investor Relations, Capri Global Capital Ltd. 
 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravikant Bhat from Capri Global Capital 
Limited. Thank you. And over to you, Sir. 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Ravikant. I shall read out a brief 
disclaimer for today's call. The discussion on today's call regarding CGCL's 
earnings performance will be based on judgments derived from the declared 
results and information regarding business opportunity available to the company 
at this time. 
 
The company's performance is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions 
that could cause actual results to differ materially in future. Given these 
uncertainties and other factors, participants on today's call may observe due 
caution while interpreting the results. The full disclaimer is available on Slide 42 
of Q1 FY24 Investor Deck. Participants are requested to note the same. 
 
And I request our MD, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, to present the opening remarks. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Good afternoon, friends. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the Capri Global's 
first earnings call of the financial year. We declared our reviewed consolidated 
results for Q1 FY24 on Saturday, 5th August 2023. I hope you had a chance to go 
through the Investor Deck. 
 
FY24 shall be unique in some aspects. It will be the first full year of operation for 
the Gold Loan vertical. We aim to turn Gold Loan vertical profitable by end of this 
financial year. The equity we raised in March 2023 is fully deployed. It will aid our 
core earnings and overall profitability. Keeping this in view, we will analyze our 
Q1 FY24 performance. 
 
Our disbursals increased 128% YoY to INR26.9 billion. Our disbursal momentum 
is usually soft in Q1 every year, due to which the disbursals have shown a 5% 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
QoQ decline. However, because of the strong momentum maintained in the 
Gold Loan business, the decline has been muted compared to our performance 
in Q1 FY23. 
 
Excluding gold loans, our disbursals increased 65% YoY, but were lower 31% 
QoQ. This sequential decline is in-line with the Q1 FY23 performance and the 
seasonality of Q1 in lending business. Share of gold loans was 51% of Q1 FY24 
disbursals, while MSME and Housing was 12% and 11% respectively. The 
balance was contributed by Construction Finance and Indirect Lending. 
 
The AUM momentum was marginally stronger than Q4 FY23, increasing 61% 
YoY to INR112.3 billion. AUM excluding Gold Loan increased 38% YoY and 5% 
QoQ. Share of Gold Loan continued to increase, rising to 14% of AUM compared 
to 11% in Q4 FY23. We expect our Gold Loans AUM to touch or cross INR30 
billion by end of this financial year. This could be 20% of AUM, assuming we 
sustain a 50% momentum in overall AUM growth. 
 
As you may have noticed in the AUM exhibit on Slide 4, the momentum in MSME 
as well as the housing portfolio sustained a healthy momentum despite a 
sequentially weaker disbursal quarter. In housing, we concluded a maiden direct 
assignment transaction with a leading housing finance company amounting to 
INR569 million at a competitive yield. Our on-book housing AUM is lower to that 
extent. 
 
The share of Construction Finance AUM was 17.5%. While growth in 
Construction Finance has been strong, please note that we are also guided by 
the share of this vertical in consolidated AUM of 20%. We are comfortable 
growing Construction Finance as long as our underwriting parameters are 
satisfied and the share of this book is at or below 20% of AUM. 
 
We have reported a 38% YoY increase in our net profit to INR636 million. The 
profit is lower by a marginal 2% QoQ. To fully understand the earnings, let me 
first start the core earnings.  
 
Our net interest income increased 77% YoY and 26% QoQ to INR2,370 million. 
As explained on Slide 16, this improvement was aided by both the strong equity 
funding of Q1 FY24 balance sheet as well as our improved spreads. 
 
Our weighted average yield on advances increased 55bps QoQ to 15.7%, while 
the weighted average cost of borrowing was up 20bps QoQ to 8.7%. You may 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
recall our cost of borrowing had been steadily increasing throughout FY23, while 
the yield on advances was improving with a lag. This difference is visible in the 
segmental yield graphs on Slide 15. As a result of these improvements, our 
spreads stood at 7%, an improvement of 66bps YoY and 35bps QoQ. 
 
Our net interest margin was unsurprisingly at a robust 9.6%, a level we last 
reported in Q4 FY22. This was aided, as mentioned earlier, by strong equity 
funding of Q1 FY24 balance sheet. As leverage improves, NIM shall 
mathematically decline. While we will enjoy the benefit of higher NIMs in the 
FY24, we would like to assess the earnings efficiency of our lending business by 
the spreads we generate. 
 
The share of our non-interest income in the net income was 25.4%, lower than 
33% in Q1 FY23 and 30% in FY23. The dip was caused by lower car loan fee 
income owing to certain one-off adjustments. Secondly, the fee income tied to 
balance sheet, specifically MSME and housing finance was also lower owing to 
softer disbursals during Q1 FY24. We expect this softness to reverse from Q2 
FY24. The car loan fees shall also pick up momentum from Q2 FY24. 
 
The cost-income ratio declined marginally to 66.0% in Q1 FY24 from 68.2% in 
Q4 FY23. The cost-income ratio excluding Gold Loan business was at 50%. This 
is marginally higher than 48% we reported for FY23. However, this too should 
reverse as the earnings pick up during the year. In Gold Loan business, although 
our active branch network was 680, we have on-boarded staff in another 60 
locations as of June 2023, with branch work at various stages of progress. Hence, 
the operating expenses of Q1 FY24 also include partial opex of additional 60 
Gold Loan branches. 
 
We had stated we shall pause branch expansion in Gold Loan business after 
touching a network of 750 branches by Q2 FY24. We have almost reached that 
level as we speak, and the incremental cost intensity shall steadily decline 
beginning September-October 2023. 
 
Our GNPA ratio stood at 1.89%, 15bps points higher than Q4 FY23, but is 
substantially lower than the 2.7% ratio we reported in Q1 FY23. The PCR of the 
Stage-3 assets was 27.8%. Our credit cost stood at INR239 million, which was 
higher than INR112 million in Q4 FY23, but marginally lower than INR246 million 
we reported in Q1 FY23. As highlighted on Slide 13, the average credit cost is 
trailing 5 quarters is INR176 million. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
During the quarter, we made some accelerated provisioning on three 
Construction Finance exposures to a single entity amounting INR160 million. This 
was restructured and classified as NPA, attracting a provision of INR50 million or 
31% of exposure. We have initiated recovery proceedings in 2 exposures and in 
due course, expect a recovery of INR30 million. For the remaining INR130 million 
exposure, we are exploring various options to aid recovery. 
 
Despite the higher credit costs including the one-off change, our credit cost to 
average Assets Under Management ratio was 89bps in Q1 FY24, in-line with our 
pre-COVID long-term trend. Apart from the INR30 million recoveries mentioned 
earlier, we expect additional recoveries to happen in Construction Finance 
vertical in Q2 or Q3 FY24.  
 
There has also been a marginal increase in MSME NPA and a slightly sharper 
increase in the housing finance NPAs. Our recovery efforts are continuous and 
we expect to improve asset quality going ahead. I would also like to additionally 
highlight that we do not see any structural issues here. We are aware of the rising 
pessimism on asset quality of NBFCs in general and retail loans in particular, 
given the lending boom of past 2 years. Nevertheless, let me reiterate that we 
are not present in unsecured lending. Our lending is secured with very 
comfortable loan-to-value across all segments, whether retail or wholesale. This 
gives us comfort on managing our asset quality.  
 
We have reported 2.2% ROA and 7.1% ROE in Q1 FY24. Excluding the loss in 
Gold Loan business, our ROA and ROE would have been 3.0% and 9.6% 
respectively. As we move towards the break-even in Gold Loan business, our 
profitability should substantially increase, especially in H2 FY24. There shall also 
be additional drivers like absence of one-off adjustments there that shall 
contribute to the profit momentum. 
 
To conclude, I would say we have begun FY24 on a sound note. We shall deliver 
yet another year of sound business growth, but it will also be coupled with a very 
strong profit growth. With that, I conclude my remarks. We shall now take 
questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Dev from Haitong Securities. 
Dev: 
My question is related to the overall composition of AUM. The MSME segment 
has come down from around 40% or around 35%. And earlier, I think you had 
guided that it would remain north of 40% and in the range of 40% to 50%. So 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
given the strong traction and the focus in the Gold Loan segment, how would the 
overall product mix look like going forward? Is there any kind of targeted mix 
that is there in mind? That was my first question. 
 
And second, I see that there is an increasing focus on co-lending in case of 
MSME as well as housing finance. Could you give us any colour on that as well? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. So, I think before Gold Loans, our key growth drivers used to be MSME. 
When we launched the Gold Loans and that also across about 750 branches, so 
while retail proportion in overall AUM have grown significantly. But if we talk 
about MSME, MSME, the disbursement plan and expansion remain the same. But 
since Gold Loans have aided the overall AUM growth, MSME has gone a little bit 
down. 
 
If we look down the line, two-year scenario, the Gold Loan composition will be 
about 20% to 25% of overall AUM and MSME will be about 25% to 30%. And if 
you talk about Housing Finance, which is done through a standalone subsidiary 
company, it is growing at a faster pace…about 50%+. And on back of branch 
expansion, on a standalone basis will continue to grow at that pace…40% to 50% 
for the next 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Nyati from Equirus Securities. 
Nikhil Nyati: 
My question is regarding the MSME yield. Sir, I wanted to know what percent of 
our book is repriced, knowing that our yield has gone up this quarter and how 
we can see the yield panning up in the future? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We have increased our long-term reference rate by 50bps in the first week of 
April. Our yield has been passed on to almost 60% of customers in MSME, 40% 
still remain on the semi-fixed. So for those customers, hike will not happen. But 
60% customers of the past have already been increased by LTRR of 50bps. As far 
as the incremental lending is concerned, that is happening, maintaining the 
targeted spread. In MSME, we are lending about close to 15.5% yield in the 
incremental lending. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
Yes. Just a few questions. Firstly, on the gold loans business. We've seen last 
couple of years, there's been a lot of competition. Just a very high-level question. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
What is your sense in terms of competitive intensity in this business? That'll be 
my first question. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Gold Loans, we have seen in the last 2 years a lot of competition, especially 
coming in the lower rate segment form public sector banks. So, they are the new 
entrants where they are offering at a much lower rate. But their ticket size 
remains high. So basically, they are focusing more on a higher ticket size. And 
typically, theoretically, while they welcome all the customers, they don't like to 
entertain the customer which comes for a INR30,000 or INR50,000 of loan. 
 
So, there is a clear demarcation in the customer segment. Among the gold loan 
finance company and NBFCs also, the Gold Loan is not like a product of 
unsecured lending, which can be done without proper investment in the branch 
expansion. So, there is some sort of entry barrier. So, we have seen that among 
the NBFCs, while we see in other products, more than 30, 40, 50 players and a 
lot of regional players, in gold loans, the major competition comes through the 
NBFCs with pawn brokers who lend at very unreasonable and high rates. I think 
that is where the opportunity also lies. 
 
So, this business will continue to grow looking at the overall AUM growth. The 
growth is also coming because of the gold loan prices increasing and lot of 
people are open to borrow against the gold with a formal player. So, as far as 
Capri is concerned, with 750 branches and then branch will continue to grow, to 
build a AUM of INR10,000 crores to INR12,000 crores in next 5 years to 7 years in 
an overall AUM opportunity of INR3 lakh crores plus of gold loans still remains a 
very small and very much possible and profitable. 
Raghav Garg: 
Sir, that's very well understood. What I meant to ask is in this quarter, how do you 
assess the overall industry competitive intensity to be? Whether it's still as high as 
what you highlighted a couple of quarters ago or last year, whether it's still as 
high as that? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Are you talking about competition or are you asking about our growth? 
Raghav Garg: 
Sir, I mean, both in terms of your growth and what is your assessment of 
competition and the impact on our growth? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We are expanding our branch network after a detailed analysis of the potential 
from credit bureau, AUM competition, we very well are on our target. Our 
branches are able to achieve the average growth of about INR22 lakhs MoM, 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
which has remained in our target. And our branches will achieve the desired 
profitability in the targeted time. And, we are not going to stop even at 750 
branches. So, we clearly see the potential. 
 
Number two, at some point of time, city-wise, we are going to convert our Gold 
Loan branches where they will also be sourcing business and leads for MSME 
and home loan also. So overall, if we talk about growth side, we are quite bullish 
and confident about achieving our growth target in the Gold Loan segment. And 
this vertical is going to be profitable by the year end - all the branches will turn 
profitable except which have been opened recently. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Sir, what would be the break-even level for you per gold loan 
branch? What would be that level where you would be regulable? I think right 
now it's around INR2.5 crores per branch, right? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Once it achieves a base of INR3.25 crores, branch achieves the break-even. 
Anything above shall start contributing directly to the profitability. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood, Sir. And Sir, I mean, although I can calculate, but I just wanted to 
ask, what is the per branch expense that we would be incurring typically for a 
Gold Loan branch, including the employee expense? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we have branches, which are manned by 4 staff, by 5, by 6. So, it is not a 
straight answer. If our competition has AUM of INR30 crores high potential 
segment, is a low potential segment, depending on the size of the branch, the 
opex on the branch and the manpower of the branch. It ranges right from an 
operating cost of INR1 lakh per month to INR225,000 depending on the location 
and its potential. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Sir, this operating cost is apart from the employee cost, correct? 
These would be the other expenses. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
This is all the operating cost, entire operating cost including salary and all. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Sir, just one last question. I understand that you have a branch in 
Vasai and Virar. So just today, there has been an article in Hindustan Times that 
the police have bust a major fake document racket in the construction sector. 
The number of flats involved here are about or rather the number of families 
involved are about 3,500 who have basically been sold these flats. Now, they 
would have taken loans from some of the financiers, which are in that area. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Would we have any kind of exposure to this project in Vasai and Virar, if you are 
aware of that? That is it. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I don't think that we are doing any under construction project financing in 
housing finance vertical at all. So, we don't finance any project at all unless it is 
ready. That is the policy we follow in the affordable housing segment. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Even at the retail level, right? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We don't fund any under construction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Sir, continuing with the Gold Loan branches. As we have seen earlier, we were 
competing at a lower interest rate like around 15% yield. Now, we have moved to 
the competition level around 19.5% to 20%, which is visible in the yield per se. 
So how do you now see the growth for you, after being at an equivalent rate with 
your competition? 
 
And secondly, on the branch expansion, you had said that up to 1,000 branches 
you don't require any approval from the RBI, right? After 1,000 branches, have 
we applied for any approval and all? And how we should see the branch 
expansion along with the AUM growth for the Gold Loan? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Your first part of the question was related to the yield. When we initially opened 
the branches, when we first entered August 2022, that time we had launched 
some low rate of interest gold loans to create a buzz, to create awareness, which 
we have already achieved. From the January quarter onwards, we started going 
for the high-yield and the lower value loans like where every ticket size was less 
than INR1 lakh and yields were better. 
 
So gradually now, our average onboarding of the customer is coming at about 
16.5%, 17%, and plus the default rate of interest is also being earned. So, 
effective yield is now upwards of 19%. And we continue to follow that philosophy 
in-line with the market. If you talk about the RBI regulation of 1,000 branches, 
that is per company. So we still have a scope of about 200 branches because 
these 849 branches also include the housing finance branches, which are housed 
in the Capri's subsidiary company. And after 1,000 branches, we will apply to RBI 
and we don't see any issue in getting the approval per se. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. Sir, secondly, on the Construction Finance, we are seeing that there is a 
boom and real estate has been quite strong currently. But as we have historically 
seen, we have felt across the industry some NPA issues on the Construction 
Finance side. Now, we are very much aggressively growing Construction 
Finance. So, my query is, what steps or what different we are doing so that if the 
real estate cycle goes down, there should not be any negative surprises from this 
Construction Finance segment? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
First of all I want to say that we are not aggressively growing. We are growing 
what we have strategically planned. So, we have always said that we will do 
overall AUM basis 20% Construction Finance and 80% is going to be secured 
retail loans. And that is the same philosophy and principle we are following. 
Within a quarter sometimes, it happens that our Construction Finance share 
crosses 22%, 23%. Some quarter, it comes to 19%. But you see year after year, it 
has always remained within the 20% range. 
 
Second thing, we follow a very unique strategy of funding to developers which 
are smaller. So, we are not going with the ticket size of INR200 crores or INR400 
crores type. Our average ticket size still remains less than INR20 crores even 
today. So, you can imagine the kind of small developers we are funding. And 
then we take in a clear mortgage of the property. The smaller projects are 
completed faster than the -- we don't fund the 40-storey projects, which take 5 - 6 
years to complete. So, this turnaround time is faster. There is no income -- 
interest cost accumulated when the projects get delayed. 
 
Keeping in mind these core lending principles, we see all our Construction 
Finance projects get completed within 3 years' time. And 1/3 of our projects get 
balance transferred within 12 months, which speaks about our underwriting 
standards. Also, repayments also happen before time because of BT. In our other 
projects too, we have seen that 50% of the balance projects get prepayment than 
the repayment. 
 
So, they get (prepaid) because of the faster sales. The strong cycle of their 
construction is helping the inventory to move faster. Even if the cycle turns 
slightly sluggish, our safeguard mechanism of having a control on the cash flow 
and the security cover will always protect our principal and interest. And 
historically, we have seen that since last 4 - 5 years, we have not seen any major -- 
write-off or any unpredictable risk. While it happens, but that remains within the 
tolerant range of 1%. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Bunty Chawla: 
That was very helpful, Sir. Lastly, on the Stage 3 assets, we have observed the 
provision coverage ratio has come down from 30% to 27-28% kind of range. 
What is the outlook on Stage-3 assets provision coverage ratio? Because what we 
have observed is large NBFCs generally try to maintain around 45% PCR so that 
if there are any hiccups going forward, that would be safeguarded by this high 
PCR. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we are keeping -- the RBI regulates that it should be based on the PGD and 
LGD, and they should be a minimum 25%. So, we are following that. And if you 
look at our overall Gross NPA, you can clearly see that there is a downward trend. 
From the last year of 2.7%, it has declined to 1.9%, and net NPA has come down 
from 2% to 1.4%. 
Bunty Chawla: 
So on a normal basis -- long-term basis, can we say 28-30% is the PCR we are 
comfortable with? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. Keeping in mind our asset quality, which is all secured and where the hard 
collateral is there, either the self-occupied house or business or gold. So, that 
also gives us comfort for maintaining this kind of PCR. In the past 10 years, even 
in the worst cycle of COVID, IL&FS, DHFL, when there was a different kind of a 
crisis, our NPAs at any given point in time never climbed more than 4%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Liman from Profitmart Securities. 
Mayur Liman: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is, how you are 
seeing the incremental demand in MSME segment? Any specific segment or 
geographies we are seeing a strong demand? Are we confident that we would 
be able to deliver 30% kind of growth in this segment? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
You are asking any particular segment? 
Mayur Liman: 
Yes. MSME segment or any segment where we can see the strong demand. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
MSME and second one. 
Mayur Liman: 
Sir, can I repeat my question? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Mayur Liman: 
Okay. How are you seeing the incremental demand in MSME segment? Any 
specific segment or geographies we are seeing a strong demand? 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, I'll answer this question. Wherever we see there's strong demand, we put 
more branches. So likewise, we have more branches of MSME in Rajasthan and 
then followed by Madhya Pradesh and then Gujarat, and then Maharashtra and 
then NCR. So, basis that, we clearly see we expand in those geographies where 
we see the demand and also good collection efficiency. And so we clearly see 
the demand is very good in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, and Gujarat. And that is 
how our branches are. 
Mayur Liman: 
Okay, Sir. And in which segment are we seeing strong demand? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So overall basis, our MSME demand is very good. It is a segment, which is largely 
under-penetrated. If we talk about India, have more than 70 million MSMEs, of 
which, only 20% of the credit demand is met by the formal lenders. So there 
exists a strong demand and many companies are focusing. We are few of them. 
We are one of those who are focused on MSMEs and it will continue to grow 
30%+ for the next 3 - 4 years. 
Mayur Liman: 
Okay, Sir. And my second question is Construction Finance and Housing finance 
vertical. Asset quality has deteriorated much this quarter, specifically 
Construction Finance. What would be the reason for the same and your future 
outlook on asset quality across these verticals? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So, asset quality has not deteriorated. If you see overall basis, GNPA is lower than 
the even preceding quarter and the net NPA is also lower. As far as one of the 
accounts (in Construction Finance) is concerned where we have restructured and 
on account of restructuring, we have made the provision. And this is one of the 
accounts of the overall portfolio. It is not that there are many accounts that have 
slipped away. 
 
And in this lending business, we'll always see, when we're operating 180, 190 
Construction Finance accounts, 1, 2, 3 account can always -- will face some 
challenges, which we have to either recover and/or use other measures to get 
out of it. So, this is one of that account where we have provided, and we are 
confident we'll find some other developer to take over that project at a price and 
we should be out from it. 
Mayur Liman: 
Okay, Sir. And my last question. Any new bank tie-up we have done for 
expanding our co-lending book? 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q1 FY24 Concall Transcript | August 8, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Co-lending book, we have already tied up with Union Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank, 
Bank of India and UCO Bank. In Gold Loan also those tie-ups are happening. 
And co-lending in real sense will pick up for the entire NBFC segment once this 
tech tie-up -- technology integration happens with the public sector banking 
system. But in any case, we are achieving INR40 crores to INR50 crores a month. 
And once the Gold Loan takes off, which should happen sometime soon, then 
this co-lending arrangement, the volume will further go up. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you all. We will continue to grow in the segments we operate in, 
which is MSME, Housing Finance, and Gold Loans. And our core philosophy will 
remain that we should serve the customer who are not catered by the banking 
system. So, we complement the banking rather than competing with them. We 
clearly see that our Gold Loan business will break-even and will start delivering 
profit. 
 
With the approach of growing in MSME where the margins are good, Gold Loan 
is going to become profitable. Adequate capital is now available. We clearly see 
this year is going to be one of all-time high profitability and our margins will also 
improve. Our core banking solution is getting implemented by the year-end. So, 
we clearly see an edge. Our (lower) operating cost should start showing in our 
results from the next year onwards. We already have about 100-plus people, 
technology team in our Gurgaon office. And those results will be seen in next 
year. So, we are quite optimistic and quite confident of delivering superior 
returns. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes 
this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
*** 
