ELIN   ELECTRONICS   LIMITED
ELIN HOUSE, 4771, BHARAT RAM ROAD, 23 DARYA GANJ, NEW DELHI-110 002
Website  :  www.elinindia.com  `          Tel.  :  91-1143000400    Fax  :  9.1-11-23289340
|St June, 2023
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Symbol: ELIN
ISIN: INE050401020
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dala] Street, Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
Dear Sir"a'am,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on 30th May, 2023.
Pursuant  to   Regulation  30   of  the  SEBI   (Listing  Obligations   &   Disclosure   Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earrings conference call for the
Q4FY2023 held on Tuesday, 30th May, 2023.
The above information is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin E]ectronics Limited
Company Secretary & Compliance
M. No.: A30540
cs@,elinindia.com
Encl: As Above

"Elin Electronics Limited Q4 Earnings Conference
Call"
May 30, 2023
M FINANCIAL
MANAGEMENT:   MR. KAMAL SETHIA --MANAGING DIRECTOR, ELIN
ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. SANTEEv SETIHA -- WHOLE-Tmm DIRECTOR,
ELIN ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. AKASH SETlnA -- HEAD (STRATEGv), ELIN
ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. RA] KARAN CIHIAIER -- CmEF FINANclAL
OFFICER, ELIN ELECTRONICS LIMITED
Page 1  of 17

Moderator:
Gaurav Adrani:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin  Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
Ladies  and gentlemen,  good day  and welcome  to Q4  FY23  Earnings  Conference  Call  of Elin
Electronics Limited hosted by JM Financial.
This  conference call may contain  forward-looking statements  about the  company,  which  are
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are
difflcult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing `*' then `0'on your
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now have the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Adrani from JM Financial. Thank you, and over
to you, sir.
Thanks,  Faizan.  A  warm  welcome  to  everyone   for  the  4Q  FY23   Earnings   Call  of  Elin
Electronics. We have the Management today being represented by Mr. Kamal Sethia -Managing
Director; M. Sanjeev Sethia -Whole-Time Director; Mr. Akash Sethia -Head of Strategy; and
Mr, Raj Karan Chhajer -Chief Financial Officer.
At this point, I would like to hand over a call to Mr. Sanjeev Sethia for his "Opening Remarks"
post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you Sir.
Thank you very much,  Gaurav.  Good evening,  ladies  and gentlemen.  This  is  Sanjeev  Sethia.
And we also have on call today our Managing Director - Mr. Kamal Sethia; Mr. Akash Sethia
- looks at Strategy; and our CFO - Mr. R.K.  Chhajer.  Thank you very much for joining our
Earnings Call for the Quarter Ended March 2023 and Full Year Fiscal 2023.
Coming to our overall performance for the 4th Quarter:
Consolidated revenues for the quarter was at Rs. 2,687 million against Rs. 3,170 million in the
same period last year. On a Q-on-Q basis, it was up from Rs. 2,023 million. We have maintained
our gross margin in Q4 and improved it from 25.4% in FY22 to 25.90/o in Fy23.
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.107 million against Rs. 252 million in the same
period last year. Consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was Rs.  16 million against Rs.  129
million in the same period last year. Decline in EBITDA and therefore profitability is because
of some non-recurring and one-time expenses which are shared in the presentation on Slide #2.
They  include provision  for warranty  of Rs.  15  million,  provision  for slow  and non-moving
inventory of Rs. 30 million, one-time revenue expenditure on account of introduction of SAP at
Rs. 5 million and legal and professional charges on account of IPO related expenses, expenses
of Rs. 30 million.
Let me just get into more detail:
t=
Page 2 of 1 7

Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
Provision  for  warranty  is  primarily  on  account  of LED  lighting  business.  Earlier,  we  were
accounting for it. We are credit note on as is basis. But now we have decided to create a provision
for the same on accrual basis. This Rs.  15 million is the effect of I  time 2 up.
Slow and non-moving inventory. We have now created a defined policy for the same. Inventory
greater than 1 year is classified as non-moving and provided for at 60% for SG and 75% for raw
material and WIP. Slow moving inventory is defined as greater than 6 months but less than 12
months and provided for at 5% for the finished goods and 10% for raw material and WIP.
Legal and professional charges pertain to IPO and related expenses and have been charged off
to the profit and loss during the quarter. Adjusting for all the above, EBITDA of core business
was at 6.9% and Rs.187 million in absolute terms. Our margin also tends to move in line with
the  concept of operating  leverage.  To explain this  concept a  little  bit more  in detail,  this  is
particularly relevant  for our  employee  cost.  Skilled  labor  is  kept  on  rolls  that's  pemanent,
whereas unskilled and semi-skilled are on contract. Therefore, when demand drops and revenues
are  lower  than  anticipated,  we  cannot  lay  off skilled  labor  thereby  impacting  the  margin
somewhat.
Our  liquidity  position  remains  strong  with  net  cash  of Rs.  460  million  as  of March  2023.
Regarding the balance gross debt of Rs. 778 million, we expect to repay it by end July or August
2023. As such, we expect finance costs to drop substantially in FY24. Our CAPEX in FY23 was
at Rs. 525 million. Let me give you a further breakdown of this. Please refer to Slide 8 of the
presentation for details.
Land and building:
We  are  creating  additional  45,000  square  feet  space  in  Ghaziabad.  This  expansion  will  be
completed by end  of FY24  and revenues  will  start  from  FY25.  Plant  and machinery  in  the
Ghaziabad factory accounted for Rs.  150 million split as  SMT machines  for LED lighting at
around Rs. 47 million, for motors at around Rs,  33 million, and around Rs. 51  million for the
component business,  which includes basically press  and molded machines.  And  some  utility
related CAPEX was at Rs. 10 million. SMP machines were primarily for the connected business
of Signify, which was expecting robust growth. Motors was for creating capacity of 50,000 AC
ODU motors and a similar amount of auto clean chimney motors. Plant and machinery at Baddi
accounted for Rs. 50 million, primarily for trimmers, heated hair brush and sterilizers. Plant and
machinery investments in Goa broadly was for the TPW fact.
Electrical installations :
Rs. 34 million was spent on acquiring a 33KVA line and Rs. 23 million was spent for installing
P&G gen sets as now in Delhi NCR during certain months, you are not allowed to run diesel gen
sets.  Tools  Dyes  and  Molds  represents  investments  in tools  and  molds  for OEM  and  ODM
business in motors and LED lighting. This is amortized over the life of the product. For OEM,
Page 3 of 17

Elin  Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
if there is a sale which is less than the agreed number, the residual value of the investments in
tools  and molds  are recovered by way of billing  for those tools  and molds.  Other primarily
investments represents capitalization of SAP and furniture and fixtures.
A working cycle for FY23 has been maintained at net 65 days, again 66 days in FY22. Broadly,
each of the components of debtors inventory and creditors is in line. Cash flow from operation
has been strong and is up 9% from last fiscal at Rs. 623 million for FY23.
Now I would like to share with you the performance and strategy in each of our businesses going
forward:
Please refer to Slide #5 of the Presentation. In Lighting, Fans and Switch segments, the revenue
for the quarter was at Rs. 909 million against Rs. 973 million. This was primarily driven by a
reduction in revenue from the fans by Rs. 50 million. This was on the back of decline in business
from ceiling fan, which was impacted by excess inventory in sales channel. This has since by
and large been corrected and we expect gradual improvement in this from year on. We expect
strong gro\wh in the fan segment based on our new launches of the TPW fan and the BLDC fan.
Please refer to Slide 10 of the presentation for further details on these two products.
Please refer to Slide #6 of the Presentation.  h the small appliance segment, revenue reduced
from Rs. 834 million to Rs. 700 million. This was primarily driven by a reduction in kitchen and
home care revenues  from Rs.  619 million to Rs.  448 million.  This  was primarily driven by a
reduction in sales of mixer grinders of Rs.  122 million and irons at Rs. 38 million.
Under high inflationary situation, customers tend to down trade from a premium brand to a more
affordable brand.  Our customers are all in the premium range and as such, our revenues have
been affected substantially. To overcome this challenge, we are curTently in the process of setting
up an additional assembly line of mixer grinders in Ghaziabad, which will reduce costs as we
expect saving on the packing freight of motors and also the end cost of shipping the product to
our customers as most of them are based in Delhi NCR region, helping us to attract more entry
in mid-range brands. We are in discussion with leading brands for this. While this exercise is
expected to be completed by September 2023, but expect full benefit of this to come only in
FY24.
We expect strong growth in  FY24 on the back of new launches  in several  new categories of
small appliances. We have, of course, done this based on initial discussion with customers who
we  intend  to  sell  to.  Another  point  worth  noting  is  the  cumulative  market  size  for  EMS
companies for 3 new categories, that is the Chimneys, OTGs and the OFR heaters, had combined
Rs. 2,000 crores, which is a fairly sizable market and which we intend to enter in the next 6 to 8
months. Further details on the product and timelines for the same are available on Slide  10 of
the presentation.
Page 4 of 17

Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
Please refer to Slide #7 of the presentation. In the FIIP motor segment, revenue was down from
Rs.  645  million  to  Rs.  464  million primarily  driven  by reduction  in  revenues  from  the  fan
category  of motors by Rs.  162 million.  The decision of moving the final  assembly of mixer
grinderandhandblenderfromBadditoGhaziabadshouldhelpincaptiveconsumptionofmotors
as well, thereby driving increased mixer-grinder motor manufacturing.
We are entering the air condition market with suppliers of ODU motor expected in Q2 of FY24,
our capacity here  is  at  50,000 per motor.  We also  expect the  sale of chimney and therefore
chimney motors should increase post increase of custom duty on chimneys from 7.5% to  15%
in the budget. We are already seeing the increased sales of chimney Motors as part of this custom
duty increase. For chimney motors also our capacity is at 50,000 motors per month and curently,
we are utilizing approximately 40% to 45% of this capacity. Expect this to improve to about
70% by end of year.
Overall,  Q4  `23  has  been  challenging  quarter  for  us.  While  we  are  seeing  green  shoots  of
recovery compared to a Q-on-Q basis, demand seems to be tepid and overall consumption on
the weaker side. Accordingly, for the full year FY24, we expect revenue growth in the range of
low to mid-teens with an EBITDA of 7 to 7.5°/o. Demand is still a bit slower than anticipated
and we expect a full recovery, perhaps by H2 of this year.
We would like to draw the attention of our investors to certain key strategic initiatives which we
have taken, details are on Slide 9. Introduction of SAP. We expect to drive inventory reduction
as well as saving and manpower costs based on real time data availability, installation of a 33
KVA line at our Ghaziabad facility, which is expected to drive savings of Rs. 6 lakhs per month
as well as help in controlling wastage and scrap because of unintermpted power supply.
Hiring of a process consultant through streamline labor cost, we've hired Mr. Kannan, a 30 year
veteran of the auto industry to help us streamline our operations and this initiative has already
been started and we have an aim to at least have a 3% saving in our labor cost. We have hired in
Mr. Jagdeep, more than 17 years of industry experience in product design to help drive our ODM
revenue growth, and as I mentioned earlier, we are getting into 3 new categories on ODM in
terins of the OFR, the oven and the chimney, which are high ticket numbers where each product
cost is around Rs. 2,700 to Rs. 3,000.  So, it will help us drive our revenues and here we have
Mr. Jagdeep helping us design and implement these products.
Also, in the process of hiring and sales and marketing to get new customers and drive overall
revenue growth.  Broadly,  idea is to drive  capacity utilization, sweat our assets more, thereby
improving asset turns,  improved margins through all  avenues possible and therefore drive up
ROCE. We continue to make strong investments in our business and have a high conviction in
it.
We remain committed to drive value for our customers and shareholders alike. Thank you.
Page 5 of 1 7

Gaurav Adrani:
Moderator:
Tanika Aggarva]:
Akash Sethia:
Tanika Aggarval:
Akash Sethia:
Tanika Aggarwa]:
Akash Sethia:
Tanika Aggarwal:
Akash Sethia:
Tanika Aggarva]:
Elin  Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
With this, I think we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you.
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
is from the line of Tanika Aggarwal from Green portfolio. Please go ahead.
I  have  a  couple  of questions.  So,  my  first  question  is  like  out  of the  Rs.  88  crore  that was
estimated  for  repayment  of debt  out  of the  PO  proceeds,  the  company  has  utilized  only
approximately Rs. 29.5 crores. So, what is the rationale behind the same?
Hi,  Kanika.  This  is  Akash.  Let me just explain  that.  So,  the whole  point  is  that our debt  is
maturing  at  different  points  in  time.  So,  if we  prepaid  the  entire  amount  of debt just  post
completion of the IPO, there were some prepayment penalties involved. At that point in time,
also what we noticed was that, if we make a FD of this amount, the rate between what we were
getting and what we were paying was not more than 15 basis points. So, the idea was, since the
prepayment penalty was much higher, the idea was, we'll just create an FD and we will prepay
the debt. Once the lock-in on the prepayment penalty has gone, we expect to complete the entire
payment of debt sometime in July or August of 2023. So, in a month or so from now, as things
stand today. Hope that's clear.
Yes. And also, I would like to ask a similar question regarding CAPEX also. Like, we have not
utilized  full  amount Rs.  37.5  crore  towards  the proposed  CAPEX.  So,  what was  the reason
behind that?
It's not like we don't intend to utilize that, We fully intend to do so. It's just that it will happen
over the course of like we had mentioned in the RHP, it was meant to be done over the course
of 2 years, and it will be utilized absolutely as per plan over the next whatever kind of 18 months
from now.
Does the company has some plans towards utilizing this amount of CAPEX?
Absolutely,100%.
We have also seen that there is a 33% increase in consolidated depreciation for this quarter. So,
like what has caused this substantial increase in the depreciation expenses?
So, let me just take you through that,  One is of course the increase in account of CAPEX that
we have done. So, CAPEX for the year is approximately Rs. 52 crore. CAPEX and depreciation
kind of go hand-in-hand. So, one part is that. Also, there is a Rs.1 crore or Rs.10 million impact
of impairment that has been taken in this quarter based on audit advice.  So, based on these 2,
depreciation has seen an increase to I think overall for the year close to Rs.  18 crore.
Another question is like earlier when we had spoken with the management, management had
guided for doubling the sales revenue by FY26. So, are we still sticking to the same?
Page 6 of 17

Akash Sethia:
Tanika Aggarwa]:
Akash Sethia:
Tanika Aggarval:
Abash Sethia:
Moderator:
Nirav Vasa:
Elin  Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
Look, I think our target honestly would be to probably achieve it sooner rather than later. But I
think where we stand today.  Consumption looks a little bit weak,  So, more than the guidance
that  we've  given  what  we've  guided  for  is  low to  mid  teem  kind  of growth  in  revenue.  We
absolutely  stand  by  that  and  we  are  confldent  of  that.  But  given  the  slight  weakness  in
consulnption, it is very hard to give guidance for say, 2 to 3 years out. But rest assured, we are
putting our money where our mouth is.  We are investing in our business.  We are looking at
hiring the right people to drive revenue growth. So, we do intend to kind of grow our business
and I mean do it sooner rather than later but giving specific guidance at this point in tine may
be counterproductive.
And also, if you look at the sales of the subsidiary companies for quarter 3 and Quarter 4, then
there has been like 100%jump in the number. So, just wanted to understand what has driven the
sales to jump up by 100°/o of subsidiary company?
Look,  so 2 things, right? So, the subsidiary manufacturers, small  appliances, right, the small
appliances division by and large resides in the subsidiary. There are 2 kind of reasons for this,
One is there was post Diwali last year, sales had dropped very substantially because there was
kind of excess inventory that had built up in the channels as sales did not pick up at that point.
As you know, those inventories have cleared out. There has been some sort of sales comeback.
Like we said, there is a marked improvement on quarter-on-quarter basis, although on a year on
year basis, there is still some sort of tepid demand, that is point 1. Point 2 also is that we have
introduced a new product which is trimmer,  So, trimmers while it started only in the month of
December 2022, the full kind of benefit of that has only come in Quarter 4. So, I think the number
for Quarter 4  for trimmers  is  close to Rs.  4 crore or Rs.  4.5  crore.  So, therefore,  also there is
some amount of delta in the smaller plants and segment.
Like if you compare the PP&E for the subsidiary company, then for FY22 and '23, so there has
been an increase by more than around Rs. 6 crores. So, like what does this amount of Rs, 6 crores
relate to? Is it regarding the CAPEX done towards the smaller segment?
Yes, that is right. Like, Mr. Sanjeev Sethia alluded to in his opening remarks, this is basically if
you look at our presentation also, this basically falls under the plant and machinery on the Baddi
plant, which is approx,  Rs.  5  crore,  Rs.  5.5  crore which is primarily for trimmers, which has
already come into revenue in FY23, and on account of heated hairbrush and electric sterilizers,
which  are  due  to  come  into  revenue  in  FY24.  For heated hairbrush  and  sterilizers,  we  will
probably see revenues  come in in Q2  and Q3  of this year.  So, obviously as you understand,
CAPEX is front loaded. So, therefore, the CAPEX has come in, but you will start seeing revenues
on this account in the subsequent quarters.
The next question is from the line of Nirav Vasa from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead.
Sir, for FY23, our revenue was Rs. 838 crore. Would it be possible for you to give a breakup
customer wise which were our top 5 customers revenue breakup?
Page 7 of 1 7

Akash Sethia:
Nirav Vasa:
Akash Sethia:
Nirav Vasa:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin  Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
Sure. So, firstly, I think the revenue that you're talking about is only for the EMS division, which
is Rs. 838 crores. The total revenue for the company is Rs.1075 crores. Second, just in terns of
customer names, I think probably the top 5 would be Signify, which contributes to our lighting
and  fans  business.  Then  would  be  a  company  called  Versuni  which  is  essentially  Philips
domestic appliances, the company has been rebranded to Versuni post takeover by the Chinese
private  equity  firm,  Hillhouse  Capital.  Then  would  be  Philips  hdia  which  has  houses,  the
Personal Care business of brand Philips. Then, would be Havells. We sell a range of motors to
Havells. And then fifth would probably be IFB where we sell a range of precision components
to them, primarily the front fascia of the washing machine. So, I think these would be some of
our top 5 customers.
And sir, in FY23, especially in the second half, what we have seen is the demand compression
was there across the board, whether it was lightings or fans or small appliances and everything.
And there was also a significant commodity volatility as well. So, in that scenario, how difficult
it was for you to increase the commodity prices and pass it on? And how does the trajectory look
going forward on it?
To your second on the passing of prices, let me direct your attention to Slide 4, where if you
look at the cost of material consumed, it has broadly remained in line. And if you look at it on
an  annual  basis,  we have  only  gotten better.  Like,  Mr.  Sanjeev  Sethia had  alluded to  in his
opening remarks, we have not only been able to maintain our gross margins for the year, we've
been able to improve it by 50 basis points. So, we are very, very, kind of clear on our business
model that RM prices are a pass through for us, although sometimes it happens with a lag of a
month or a quarter, but I mean we are very, very firm on this and the proof of the pudding is in
the eating. So, if you look at our gross margins, you can see that they have been maintained and
even improved, right? That's to your point on passing of costs. To your earlier question, I think
the second half of the year, yes, I think we have seen some sort of weakness in consumption and
demand, although I think what I would like to point out is that hopefully I mean the worst of the
demand  at least for us  hopefully  has  been done  in  Q3  because  from  Q3,  we've  seen  a 33%
increase in revenue. Although I'm not saying that the demand wealmess has completely gone
away, but green shoots of recovery are visible to us in select pockets and hopefully in our view,
we should see a recovery sometime in the second half of this year. I think this is based on the
data that we have in hand. I hope that answers your question.
Yes, that was quite helpful. The other question is with regards to entering into newer categories,
which  you  are  planning  to  get  into,  which  is  partly  according  which  is  especially  around
chiirmeys and high value-added kitchen appliances. So, in these categories who are the OEM's
which we are targeting? And typically, how much time is needed to get mandatory certifications
after which we get our maiden order and then the scale up happens?
I'm Sanjeev. 1'11 take that. So, as far as OFR is concerned, we have, I mean, Havells, Crompton,
Bajaj, Usha and Philips appliances as our target customers. Our of this, we have already finalized
an order with one of our customers and we are very hopeful that we will be able tl add more
Page 8 of 17

Nirav Vasa:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
customers just for the simple reason is that we'll be the first company, which will  completely
manufacture the OFR heaters in India. Currently, maybe some people import the tank assembly
and do an SKD kind of business, but we'll be making it completely locally, So, our chances of
getting all  four of our target customers  are  fairly high and we  already have  I  customer with
which we have an agreement in place.
For the ovens, again, it's basically the same set of customers. Here it's a complete ODM model.
Our idea is that we have, I mean already started the design and manufacturing for this. And once
it's ready by end of october, we will be giving samples to our customers. Preliminary discussions
have already happened and we have some interest from Bajaj and Philips in this category.
Chimney is another category. I mean, even though we are not into chimney manufacturing as
manufacturer of chiinney motors, we are in this line for quite some time now and we see a very
healthy increase in the demand for chimney motors and as part of our natural extension, since
motors. contribute to a fairly high amount with the bill of material and given our progress and
strength in sheet metal manufacturing, we thought it's a very natural progression for us to make
the complete product. We have started some preliminary discussions with a few customers, but
I mean nothing short, but this product is planned for `25,  So,  we  still  have not finalized the
customers, but we are in the design stage and once the prototype is made, then we will approach
our customers and maybe we can also approach one of our existing customers, FABER if they
want to offload some of the low-end chimneys, so we could approach them for this.
Sir, one more question is what we are seeing is that especially in a lot of contract manufacturing
space, there is lot of export traction cowing in with China plus One getting implemented. How
do we see exports as a growth lever?
We  are  looking  at  exports  of some  lighting  products  which  we  are  already  doing,  but  it's
happening  through  Signify.  Earlier,  it  was  Sri  Lanka,  we  were  exporting  downlights.  But
unfortunately, with the Sri Lanka story going south, I mean things have kind of slowed down a
little bit. We have started some exports again to Signify, Philippines. They are looking at India
as  a  you  know,  as  part  of the  China  Plus  One  strategy  for  both  solar  as  well  as  low  cost
downlights. There have been number of discussions but not any substantial movement on the
ground has not really happened. I believe probably China is still a little cheaper than us, but there
are talks. And so, curently I would say that we are looking at low cost downlichts and certain
of its panels as part of export to Signify, markets in Europe and US,
But at the same time, we are also focused in being more of an import substitution to our existing
customers and offering them solutions where they are curently importing. So, if you see OFR,
OTG has a very high import content.  So, we believe that to begin with, this is a much easier
business to crack. As to get hold of the local demand and offer them import substitute product.
In these again, if you look at the numbers, it was tactically more than 60%, 70% imports, but
that's changing very drastically, So, we believe that's another fantastic opportunity to come in as
a local supplier. So, I would say as a company right now, the focus is more in-house somehow
Page 9 of 17

Moderator:
Soumitra Joshi:
Akash Sethia:
Elin  Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
capturing the  Indian  market  and wherever we  get opportunities  with  respect  to  our existing
customers to cater to their overseas locations, I mean we are exploring those opportunities also.
The next question is from the line of Soumitra Joshi, an individual investor. Please go ahead.
So,  the  first question  is and it will  be slightly ranked,  so please bear with me.  So,  from the
begirming, the first part was when the IPO was coming across different business channels, there
were certain intimations given of how the company is going to perfom. Then last quarter, we
had a poor result and there also the guidance on a conservative basis, the tern conservative was
used, given of being 30 plus. And now, suddenly it has been reduced to, let's say, a mid-teen
guidance. So, if you see the trajectory, things have just been going dowhill since the IPO. So,
one thing is I don't know what kind of an image it creates about the organization as such because
these  are  not  numbers  that  we  had  quoted,  these  are  numbers  that  are  coming  from  the
organization and the management. So, those numbers first, can we have some comment on why
everything is going downhill and where do we see a trajectory turn? And are we ever going to
reach to that region of 30 plus growth or the numbers that were quoted for FY26 in terns of
doubling of revenue? That's the first part.
The second pat is while we look at the EMS, I know the sections are different where different
people operate. You could see that a lot of people are giving pretty decent results. Obviously,
lighting has been subsided for others  also.  But we are also losing a basically new work with
competition or is basically competition in this sector really heating up that can be another reason
for the guidance continuously going down?
So,  let me  first address the  first part of your question,  which is about the  cut in in guidance.
Look,  we  stand by the  fact that we  had  spoken  about  30% kind  of number.  That  was  very
transparently basis the data available with us at that point in time. What has happened since then,
which is approximately 3 months, is that certain new products that were due to come into the
market because of the weakness in the consumption in general in the market, those  launches
have been deferred by the brands, right? I can give you an example. A case in point is that of
our TPW fans.  So, you know TPW fans were due to come in sometime in the second half of
January. It got delayed to or pushed out in fact to April. And finally, now we have gotten the
product release and it will probably come into revenue sometime in the first week of June. The
product release is now with us.
These are things frankly that are beyond our control because we are communicating with you
basis the data available at that point in time. That said, as a responsible management, we feel it
is our duty to give you the correct picture as we see it at any given point in time. So, given that
today we are not seeing a possibility of a 30% gro\wh in revenue, we feel it is only fair to you
as an individual investor, even an institutional investor, that we share the real picture as we see
it. I will just pause here. If you have any further queries on this part, happy to address. Otherwise,
I can take up the second part of your question.
Page 10 of 17

Soumitra Joshi:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Soumitra Joshi:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Moderator:
Soumitra Joshi:
Akash Sethia:
Soumitra Joshi:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
So, where I was coining from, so if you realize that the IPO in itself and the investors going
through either the IPO or coming after the IPO and putting an amount, there is a certain level of
trust basis which those investments happen. So, one is the guidance pat where obviously it's the
business aspect of it.  If you look at it from the performance of the company also, you would
have realized that it hasn't been great because it has been reflecting how the business has been
doing. So, I think there is a certain responsibility towards the shareholders also, right, that needs
to be incorporated. As you're saying that these are things that are so dynamic in this business
that 3 months on probably you can come back with a lower guidance also.
Look, we hope that is not the situation. We've already factored in some amount of buffer in our
guidance. But that said, look Soumitra, if you're asking is this cast and stone, no it is not.
Where I am coming from is last time  also it was conservative. Now conservative means that
everything has been taken into account. Now I'm saying can it be that next quarter also that the
guideline can be revised downward?
It could be revised downward, it could be revised upward. Like I said, it's very hard for me to
give you the guidance. Look, I could take the easy way out and just have said that I'm not going
to give any guidance. While I hear you, I understand you, I empathize with you. But please also
put yourself in my shoes. I can always take the easy route out and just say, I'm not going to give
any guidance. But that is not what a good management is known for. Since the IPO, things have
not exactly gone as we planned. But that said, we do still believe that we are a good management,
we  are runing a good company that has  strong  fundamentals.  And we hope that, while you
know initially there has been some speed bump and things haven't gone as planned, but over the
medium to hopefully sooner than the medium term, things will start going our way. And I mean
that is what I would like to leave it at in terns of this question, I hope this this kind of explains
our position at least.
Mr, Joshi, does that answer your question?
I'm solTy, it's not very convincing, but you can move on to the next question please.
So, as regards your second question, your question, if I understand it conect, is that in the non-
lighting  part  of  the  business,  you  are  asking  about  us   losing  market  share  vis-a-vis  the
competition. Is that the correct understanding of the question?
So, it can be losing market share. So, basically, is the competition heating up and other players
also getting actively into this particular business and that is why probably newer contracts, there
is greater competition and hence growth can be an issue with respect to that? That is what I was
asking. So, more or less you've understood it, yes.
See,  my  reading  is  that  while  the  space  obviously  remains  competitive,  there  are  very  few
companies in the areas that we are that are of our size and scale, right?  So,  lighting like you
Page 11  of 17

Soumitra Joshi:
Akash Sethia:
Soumitra Joshi:
Akash Sethia:
Soumitra Joshi:
Moderator:
Varun Agarwal:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
mentioned, if you look at for example a Dixon which also reported results, you would have seen
the lighting business contract even there. If you look at for example the small appliances space,
you look at results of any of the big brands who we manufacture for, whether the Havells or
Polycab or Crompton, I mean any of the main ones, Philips, of course is unlisted, but we know
the situation there. So, all of them, you would have seen have reported across the board kind of
weakness in there appliance results, right? So, while some of these are very large companies and
they have multiple divisions. But if you go and look through, their appliance numbers,  all of
them have reported a weak set, which in turn is kind of passing down to companies such as ours,
right? So, our view is that while this space remains competitive, yes, but this is more an industry
phenomenon, not so much us particularly doing something wrong. This is how I see it.
So, just considering that since a lot of time has passed in this quarter also and I think the picture
for at least this quarter would be clear, can we say that things have bottomed out?
Bottomed out from the sense, it will be similar to Q4 is how we see it, richt? I mean if that's
what you're asking. More than that, you also understand, I cannot give you specific numbers.
That's fine. I was just looking at from whether things are bottomed out or not. So. It's like that
clarity is in itself is not there that whether things have really bottomed out or there might be a
further this thing.
So, we mentioned in our opening remarks that the things as we see it, a full recovery looks likely
in 112 of this year.  We mentioned this in opening remarks.  So, while you know, I don't know
whether I can use the ten bottomed out. Certain segments of the business are seeing a decent
amount of traction. While some portions of the business still remain a little bit stagnant, what I
can say is that to overcome a lot of these challenges, if you look at some of the initiatives we've
taken, some of it we've detailed out in our investor presentation, most of them rather. I think that
should provide you a detailed view of the steps that we are taking to correct the situation of this
weakness in demand. So, thank you. And I thank you once again for your support.
Thank you and best of luck.
The next question is from the line of C.A.  Vanm Agarwal, an hdividual  investor.  Please go
ahead.
And I really appreciate the way patiently you're answering all the retail investors questions. So,
this guidance which we are giving of low to mid-teens for FY24, we have new product launches
also lined up for this year. So, do we also incorporate that in this guidance or this is only for the
old products?
No, this is for the guidance of the company as a whole. One point I just want to make on the new
product launches. So, a lot of these product launches that are happening in Q2 and Q3, this talks
about the time when the  first revenue hits.  Typically,  from the time  the  first revenue hits,  it
Page 12 of 17

Varun Agarwal:
Akash Sethia:
Varun Agarwal:
Akash Sethia:
Varun Agarwal:
Akash Sethia:
Varun Agarwal:
Akash Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
typically takes another quarter or so for things to ramp up and then stabilize. So, for example, if
I intend to sell, 50,000 units of fans on a steady state basis. Typically, in the first quarter that I
start, the number would probably be 20%, 30%, 40% of that and then there is a ramp towards
the 100% planned sale. So, it is not like if I plan to sell 50,000 units in the first month itself, I'm
able to achieve that. So, please do bear in mind that a lot of the new launches that I have seen,
the full benefit or impact of that is probably seen in the launch quarter plus I or 2 quarters, right?
So, therefore, the guidance that we are giving incorporates this into account that once you launch
a product, it typically takes a quarter or 2 to achieve, stabilized revenues from that. Hope it's
clear.
And the next question is it's mentioned in the presentation that one of our customers is making
table fans inhouse, and that is one of the reason we lost a part of the revenue.
I said that we mentioned that one of our customers is making table fan motors in-house, not the
table faus per se.
So, is this a nomal phenomenon in our business or this is the first tine we are seeing this?
Look, it's the first time that we are seeing such. Look, what happens is all of the customers or
most of the customers have some in-house capacity, right?  So, what they typically do is that
once the in-house capacity is more or less breached, the additional  capacities then go to third
party manufacturers. Now, in a time like this when you see demand contraction, probably the
focus of the customer is that they want to utilize their in-house resources  first, and therefore
there has been a cut in business to us. So, that is the situation. It's honestly the first time that we
are seeing this. We remain in dialogue with them to get part of the business back to us. But just
like  I  said, just  in  the  spirit  of transparency,  we've j.ust  put  the  factual  position  out  in  the
presentation.
We  appreciate  that.  Do  any  of our  products  belong  to  the  defense  sector  or  used  in  the
manufacturing of mobile phones? Or in future, do we plan to enter this category?
As  things  stand today,  we  do  not supply to any of the  sectors that you've  spoken  about.  As
regards the near future, near future meaning another year or 18 months from today, it is unlikely
we will enter those sectors.  Regarding the medium ten, honestly, I mean you can never say
never, right?
We've  started  making  provisions  for  the  slow-moving  inventory.  We  belong  to  a  category
business where we are manufacturing on order basis for our customers. So, for finished goods,
why will we have slow moving inventory?
I mean it's not only for finished goods.  Finished words also represent motors  for us, right? I
mean, motors is also like kind of a finished good. It sometimes does tend to happen, and this is
particularly  true  in something like  a  lighting business  where there  is  some  amount  of stock
Page 13 of 17

Varun Agarwa]:
Moderator:
Pratap Ma]iwa]:
Akash Sethia:
Pratap Maliwal:
Akash Sethia:
Pratap Maliwal:
Akash Sethia:
Pratap Maliwal:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
leftover from a product that is past its shelf life, right? So, in the lighting business, you would
be aware that there are new SKUs that come in regularly and sometimes the older SKUs that are
past their shelf life, there is certain amount of stock that is available with us. This is the first time
that we've just created a defined policy for provisioning. Earlier, we were doing it probably a
little bit on  a as  is where  is kind of basis.  But given the  fact that we  intend to kind of be a
responsible corporate citizen, we just thought of kind of creating a defined policy for this. And
we put it out very transparently, the entire policy also. Mr.  Sanjeev Sethia has alluded to the
provisioning requirement in his opening remarks. So, firstly, this is a non-cash item.  Secondly,
this is a one-time kind of impact of tne up, right? So, on an ongoing basis, going forward, I
mean I don't expect much impact on the account of provisions for warranties as well as slower
non-moving inventory.
Yes. I like the fact that we are going this conservative basis and clearly communicating with the
investors in the presentation. So, thank you and all the best for the coming quarters.
The next question is  from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mountain Intra Finance.  Please go
ahead.
So, Ijust wanted to ask, can you provide some maybe volume data like, last quarter we had said
that we made around 25,000 pieces of mixer grinder for the December quarter. So, can you give
us an update on the volume data for the quarter?
You want the volume data for the quarter or the year?
For the year preferably.
I can give you the volume data for the year as well. So, for the full year for mixer grinders, we've
done  4.02  lakhs,  so  4.02  latch  units  of completed  mixer  grinders.  We've  done  more  than
13,00,000 units of hair dryers. We've done close to 6,00,000 units of hair straighteners.  We've
done close to 21,00,000 units of irons, and we've done about 2.5 lakh odd units of trimmers. I
mean does that does that help?
Yes. Can you just benchmark it with previous year number, FY22?
Sure.  So, mixer grinder, the previous year number was close to 5.75 lakh, it's now close to 4
lakh.  Hair dryers was 9 lakh, it is up to  13  latch.  Hair straighteners were close to 7  lakhs,  it is
down 6 lakh. Irons were below 20 lakh, it is close to 21 lakh right now. Trimmers were obviously
not there last year. It is a new product.
And I just wanted to ask that in the previous quarter you said that we'd be expecting around 16%
to 17% growth on the new products with revenue potential of about Rs. 200 crores. So, is there
any update on that number now?
Page 14 of 17

Akash Sethia:
Pratap Ma]iwa]:
Akash Sethia:
Pratap Ma]iwal:
Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Nill:
Akash Sethia:
Nill:
Akash Sethia:
Nill:
Akash Sethia:
Ni]]:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
Look, like we've mentioned, we've obviously cut down the guidance given earlier. So, the earlier
guidance  was  300/a  overall  with  close  to  16%  to  18%  coming  from  new  products.  And  I
mentioned that a big part of the guidance cut is on account of the deferment of new products by
the brands,  So, while I don't want to get into specifics, but I mean you can assume that a big
chunk of the new products that I was alluding to earlier which was Rs. 200 crores is a big cut of
the guidance is driven from the new product deferment.
And just one more point around that. Customer was insourcing the fan motors. I just missed that
point out. So, can you just help me understand have we got that customer? Have the revenues of
that customer gone to 0 now?
No, it's not gone to 0. They are still buying from us. Like I said,  it's not like they've gone to 0
and they've completely shifted in-house, Most of our customers are not setting up new additional
capacities for the products that we make. So, it's not like I mean once demand does come back
and nothing lasts forever, so the demand will come back sooner than later. They will come back
to us.  So, this is, we believe, a temporary phenomenon, Now like I said, we are in talks with
them already to recover back, some portion of the, the temporary business loss. We will probably
be providing an update on this in the next quarters call.
Can you just help me understand what quantum of revenue was our exposure to the insourcing?
We've mentioned that in the investor presentation, it was down from about Rs. 20 crores to close
to Rs. 7 odd crores. So, it was a dip of I think Rs.13 crores.
The next question is from the line of Nill from Gajra portfolio. Please go ahead.
My question is regarding what is the order book for the '23-'24 for OEM and ODM customer?
So, we don't have the concept of an order book. What our customers share with us is what is
called an annual operating plan that is nonbinding in nature. So, it is merely indicative to help
us plan our resources accordingly. So, given the fact that it is nonbinding, it is not in the nature
of an order book. What we have typically is for the next 2, 3 months for a quarter.
And all the major players are taking part in the PL scheme. What the part your company has
taken till now?
We have applied and selected for PLI in lighting? So, that is the only relevant kind of PLI.
Sir, what is the amount of investment in PLI scheme for this?
We've committed to an investment of Rs.  10 crore.
And any other future plan for PLI?
Page 15 of 17

Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Apurva Sharma:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Apurva Sharma:
Akash Sethia:
Moderator:
Gaurav Adrani:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
I mean, if there is a PLI that comes up in any of our business segments, of course, we would be
interested.
I think we have time  for maybe  1  or 2  last questions.  So,  I mean,  happy to take  I  or 2 last
questions if you have any.
Yes, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Apurva Sharma from RAAS Advisors.
Please go ahead.
I really appreciate you answering all the questions with generosity. I just wanted to understand
the demand scenario, Am I supposed to infer this correct that we have a spike in demand during
the festive seasons?
For the small appliances segment,  there is  a hike in demand ahead of the  festive season.  So,
typically, Diwali which is the festive season in India, so assuming it happens in November, I
think this year Diwali is in November, so there will be a spike typically, July, August, September,
October, that period typically there's a spike and most definitely yes.
My second question is sir, in last call discussion, there was a specific part where for example an
X number of dealer has anticipated demand of I,000 units of some small appliances, example,
mixer grinder during the festive season itself, but the demand that actually came was around 500
to 600. So, if this amount of deviation is going to happen during the festive season, what is there
to believe that in the next festive season, we won't have the same scenario?
I mean, look, the way I would like to answer this question is, we are entrepreneurs, we are not
crystal ball gazers.  So,  it is very difficult for me give you direct answer.  Of course, we work.
What I can say is that number I, we don't work with dealers, we work with the Big OEMs or the
big brands.  So, there market research more often than not,  I would say is  I  point.  It is very
frankly one of the first few times that we are seeing this kind of a slump  in market demand.
We've never really experienced this kind of thing before. That said, even during this time, we
mentioned in the presentation as well, we've been able to contain inventory to a respectable level.
Working capital cycle pretty much is intact compared to last year. And like I said, sooner than
later, this demand situation is going to sort itself out. Given the investments that we are making
in the business, given some of the initiatives which we've detailed out in the presentation, we
expect to be a strong beneficiary of demand revival once it's back. That's what I can say.
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr.
Gaurav Adrani for closing comments.
I would like to thank everyone in management for giving us the opportunity to host the call.
Now,  I  hand  it  over  to  management  for their  closing  remarks  if any,  post  which  we  could
conclude the call. Thank you.
Page 1 6 of 1 7

Akash Sethia:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Moderator:
Elin Electronics Limited
May 30, 2023
I think like we said at the beginning of the call, we are continuing to make investments in our
business. We have a very, very high conviction in it and we are committed to driving values for
our  shareholders  and  our  customers  alike.  Thank  you  for  staying  shareholders.  And  I  look
forward to seeing you all reap good rewards in the future. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us and you may now disconnect your line.
Page 17 of 17
