 
CIN: L14102TG1991PLC013299 
Registered and Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Phone: +91 40 6631 0111, Email: contact@pokarna.com, Web: www.pokarna.com 
 
 
 
Date: 16TH August,2023 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532486 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Symbol: POKARNA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Earnings Call Transcripts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, the transcript of the audio call recording 
of the Company’s Analyst Call held on 10th August, 2023, on the Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended 30th June 
2023, is attached herewith. 
 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company’s website using the 
following link: 
  
https://www.pokarna.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/CDC2720230810148720.mp3 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For and on behalf of Pokarna Limited 
 
 
 
Disha Jindal 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
 
 
 
 
 
DISHA 
JINDAL
Digitally signed by 
DISHA JINDAL 
Date: 2023.08.16 
13:02:40 +05'30'

POKARNA LIMITED 
Pokarna Limited 
Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2023 
Moderator: 
Gavin Desa: 
Paras Jain: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1 FY '24 Eamings Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Inow hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Aman. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q1 FY 24 
Eamings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. Gautam Chand Jain, the Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Paras Jain, Chief Executive Officer at Pokarna Engineered Stone; and Mr. 
Vishwanatha Reddy, the CFO. 
Before we begin, 
I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today’s discussions may 
be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. I now invite Mr. Paras Jain to 
open the proceedings and share perspectives and performance and outlook. Over to you, Paras. 
Thank you, Gavin. Good day to all of you and thank you for joining us for this call. 
I won't go over 
the numbers as they are already in your hands, but Id like to provide some insights into the current 
landscape of the engineered stone industry. These insights will help contextualize our financial and 
operational performance. 
The global environment remains challenging, especially for residential remodelling due to 
a 
slowdown in U.S. home sales and project delays. This challenge 
is compounded by heightened 
competition, particularly from manufacturers in India and Southeast Asia using Chinese technologies, 
impacting both demand and pricing. Also, our understanding indicates that channel excess inventories 
haven't fully depleted, suggesting that there might be more time before hitting the bottom. This insight 
encourages us to create cautiously, maintaining a balance between our efforts and exercising patience 
and foresight. 
In this backdrop, as mentioned carlier, the present situation is so dynamic that offering near to mid- 
term forecast would be premature. Amidst these challenges, our primary focus is on improving 
efficiency, exploring new markets and expanding our distribution network. The quarter's robust gross 
and EBITDA margin reflect our efforts to enhance productivity and manage costs. Our goal, as 
previously mentioned, is to maintain EBITDA margins between 25% to 30%. 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 1 0f 9

Moderator: 
Karthi keyan: 
Paras Jain: 
Karthi keyan: 
Paras Jain: 
Karthi keyan: 
Paras Jain: 
Karthi keyan: 
To address certain rumours, I want to clarify that we haven't encountered any client loss. In fact, our 
customer base has expanded previously compared to the previous financial year. In terms of 
diversification, we are pleased with the advancements in markets such as Canada, France, Mexico and 
Russia. We are also actively exploring opportunities in India. While these endeavours are still in their 
carly stages, we hold optimism regarding their long-term potential. 
Our priorities to effectively address current challenges and position ourselves to seize opportunities as 
the environment and demand stabilizes. An example of this proactive stance is our focus on 
developing altemative product formulation, meeting the demand for low, respirable crystalline silica 
products, which helps mitigate the risk of silicosis. This approach ensures we are prepared to meet 
evolving needs as and when they are needed for the market. 
While the near to medium term remains uncertain, I have confidence in Pokarna's capabilities. Our 
design expertise, robust manufacturing infrastructure, strong customer base and relationships and 
expansion across certain other markets reinforce my confidence in our ability to perform and continue 
creating value through our quartz business. 
With that said, we are now ready to address any questions you may have. 
The first question is from the line of VK Karthi keyan from Suyash Advisors. 
Very, very impressive results in terms of profitability, but just wanted to understand, how much of 
that would have been driven by product mix, which you had spoken about elaborately last time 
around and cost reduction? And while you indicated 25% to 30% EBITDA margins, how much of 
that is general conservatism? 
Yes. So largely, what you see the benefit of margin improvement is coming from the new design 
introductions. And maybe some part of it, but not a large part of it, comes from the cost initiatives 
which we have undertaken at the moment. 
Okay. Okay. 
And EBITDA, see, always we have maintained a range of 25%, 30% in the recent past. So while this 
is a conservative number, but considering the fact that the demand outlook is still to be stabilized, we 
will want to be a little more cautious, rather than more optimistic. 
Fair. If [ may ask you one question regarding share. So if Q4 volume was 100, what would have been 
the volume number in QL, si, on an indexed basis? 
So volume is typically more or less - its range bound, so we don't see much coming because of the 
volumes out here in the Q1. 
Correct. But I'm saying Q4 and Q1 were similar volume revenue numbers, but the profitability was 
substantially higher, and you said new design introduction... 
POKARNA 
LIMITED 
Page 2 of 9

Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
I cannot give you the absolute number for certain reasons. But I can tell you that whatever is coming 
is coming largely from the product mix, which s a high-priced designs. 
The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead India. 
Congratulations on great improvement in your margins. So I had 4 questions, with your permission, 
may I ask them? 
Yes, go abead. 
So sir, firstly, the U.S. housing market has not revived in last 3, 4 months. So if you sce the sales are 
same about 4 years ago, in the 3-week, 4-week period in absolute terms, and now the trend has been 
there for about 3, 4 months. But what lag would this impact your business? I understand there would 
be alag in your business. So whatever slowdown happened 18 months back would be impacting you 
now. But what is a typical lag? A broad range would be very helpful in getting the context of what 
could happen in the company over, let's say, next 12 to 24 months. 
My second question was regarding hospitality industry. We've read some reports about capex revival 
in hospitality industry in terms of renovations. So how much are we seeing this? And are we geared 
up to benefit from it? And what could be the context of the benefits, how historically those mumbers 
were before the COVID period? The third question was we have taken several new initiatives which 
you started mentioning from December quarter onwards in terms of new geographics, new products, 
desigas, but you also alluded that these are long-tail cycles because of the distribution and the pre- 
pack and the initial orders are small and always ramp up. 
So what is the right time frame for you to say that whatever youve done so far, not the incremental 
asset, would fortify, if they have to fortify, would that be a 6-month period, would that be a 12-month 
period? The last question was that your Q3 margins were highest ever in history in terms of gross 
‘margins, your Q4 was the lowest. So was there any one-off in Q4? And can we say that we wouldn't 
see a Q4 kind of situation again because the margins are in ended very strongly? 
Yes, Sonaal. Thank you for the question. So typically, the U.S. housing, while the U.S. housing starts 
also have increased compared to what it was in the recent past, it typically takes 12 to 15 months for 
the demand actually to start picking up because the countertop is one of the last elements to be 
installed in the house. So we typically feel that if this trend continues what we are secing in the last 
quarter, also for next couple of quarters as well, then I think by end of this financial year, probably the 
lag time should be more or less be done or maybe plus or minus 1 quarter is what I can say. 
Coming to hospitality industry, yes, definitely, the inquiry funnel is increasing. And in good times, we 
had almost 10% volume of our business coming from this segment. And right now, that's not yet at 
that level, but definitely, things have improved than what this was in the last quarter. So if things go 
like this, I think definitely hospitality would be one of the segments where we can see a good demand 
picking up in the near future. 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 3 0f 9

Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
And typically, the new markets and the new product designs take anywhere between 12 to 18 months 
depending upon which market you are, and like in Russia, it can take a little more longer time because 
the shipping time, initial shipping time itself are typically quite longer than what it used to be for a 
place like France or a Mexico market. 
So depending upon what products we are offering and which market we are going, anything, it takes 
12 to 18 months for the relationships to stabilize, the products to start generating recurring demand 
and acceptance in the market, supply chain situation is getting completely addressed. So that's 
typically 12 to 18-month period is what we have scen on our historical experience. 
Now coming to what you saw in Q3 was largely the case driven with the product mix, in which we 
believe that can be considered as a one-off event. And we don't think that type of situation would 
come very often in our business. 
So you meant Q4 basically. 
Yes. 
And sir, even in counter to what you just said, sir, you said that it takes certainly 12 to 18 months, but 
for the existing designs in the existing markets, such as U.S., would that also take 18 months? Or 
there, the period would be more like 9, 12 months? 
Basically, again, there are 2 aspects to this, why I say 12 to 18 months. It depends upon what channel 
the product is going. Suppose the channel — if the product is going to a home improvement center, 
like et us say, our customer is offering to Home Depot, then the cycle is relatively lower because 
Home Depot has 1,000-plus stores. And sometimes, actually, the cycle is more because the customer 
is supposed to get the samples done at 1,900 stores before the demand start generating out of that 
store. 
And vis-a-vis, if somebody who's just not carrying in the home improvement center, but maybe it is 
30, 40 locations what they have across U.S., there, it typically has to just start unveiling the product 
and start going and replacing the product in this marketplace. So depending upon which channel the 
product is finally - because ultimately, when we launch a product, we are not aware whether the 
customer of ours is taking the product to the home improvement market, home improvement centers 
or is it going directly through distributors. But sometimes we know, and those products, we think that 
ifit is going through home improvement centers, typically take a little longer time compared to what 
is getting distributed directly. 
Sir, my last thing on the hospitality side itself, what was the peak revenue share from hospitality? And 
considering relative weakness in the U.S. housing and boom in hospitality, is there a possibility that in 
next couple of years hospitality could be back to that peak level? You mentioned about 10% in pre- 
COVID, but my question was more about, during the good years or the best year, what has been a 
hospitality contribution to your revenues? 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 4 of 9

Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Ritik Chopra: 
Paras Jain: 
Ritik Chopra: 
Paras Jain: 
Ritik Chopra: 
Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Ajay Vora: 
Paras Jain: 
The hospitality business, if it is really peaking out and reaching the good level, and especially with a 
Lot of hotels postponing their renovation in the past for several reasons theyre now going back to it. 
T 
think considering the capacity, product and the pricing needed for the hospitality segment, all those 
factors, anything around 10% to 15% typically could be the revenue which can be factored in, if all 
the metrics are properly met. And that typically, I think it would take anything between 1 year or 2 for 
it to happen. 
The next question is from the line of Ritik Chopra from Buoyant Capital. 
Sir, can you throw some light on the domestic demand? 
Yes. So basically, we've just started like — as I was telling you in our previous calls, we started 
building up the market in the domestic by tapping into the kitchen and bath segment. Now we are 
realigning our strategy for India market because we see that the product demand and acceptance in the 
market also has grown substantially. So we are looking at building up new channels of distribution as 
well, both company-ovwned and even through different channel partners. So, demand is definitely 
good, but of course, it's going to take some time by the time the sales and marketing strategies are 
fully implemented. 
Sir, do we have any company-owned store right now? 
Right now, we do not have any company-owned stores at all. So around 110 stores, you can see our 
product, and all those are our dealers, basically, those who sell our products in different parts of the 
country, right, from Kochi to Dehradun. 
Okay. And sir, can you tell the capacity utilization? 
Yes, I think I have already — we've already stated that in our presentation as well, if I'm not wrong, 
that the capacity utilization has been muted and has stood lower actually. I can' give you the number 
for certain reasons, but definitely, the capacity utilization, we have a good amount of capacity to 
utilize. 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Vora from Nuvama Asset Management. 
So sir, just wanted to get a sense in terms of post the action taken by the U.S. authority against the 
competitors for the cartelization or whatever the allegations were. Have we started seeing any sort of 
benefit out of it? Or how is the U.S. market behaving post that action taken by the authorities? 
1 think reaction is a little different from what you understood. So basically, there was an anti-dumping 
and a countervailing investigation which was launched against China first, and then India and Turkey. 
So today — and of course, then subsequently, they had certain other transhipment related issues 
against next quarters out of Southeast Asia. So basically, quartz from India today is subject to 
antidumping duty, countervailing duty in the U.S.. So I don't think it has benefited anyway and -- any 
of the exporters out of India. 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 5 of 9

Ajay Vora: 
Paras Jain: 
Ajay Vora: 
Paras Jain: 
Ajay Vora: 
Paras Jain: 
Ajay Vora: 
Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Dixit Doshi: 
Paras Jain: 
Dixit Doshi: 
But I thought that the percentagewise was much higher for players from China, and therefore, we 
would have benefited in terms of pricing. 
Basically, by the time India subject got stabilized, COVID came in. And by the time COVID went 
out, the Chinese uprooted majority of their production lines and put this production line in Southeast 
Asia like Vietnam, Cambodia, Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia. So all that also got out there. So 
India typically did not get any price advantage. Of course, India has got some volume advantage, 
which I think majority of the players, especially using the Chinese technology, did not take any 
advantage of and other started selling at very low prices. 
Okay. Okay. And just lastly, say, over the next 3 years, where do you see the domestic revenue as a 
percentage of our total revenue? I know it's very small right now, but where do you see that over the 
next3 to 5 years? 
‘We think India would definitely be 1 of the top 5 markets in terms of our volume in the next 5 years. 
Can you just quantify the total volume; how much would that be? 
There is a certain reason because the ongoing proceedings and all, I cannot give the number, but I can 
tell you that it's going to be one of the focus markets. 
Okay. And lastly, where do you see our debt levels moving over next 2, 3 years? So do you think that 
has peaked in terms of the capex and everything, and going forward, what is the plan to reduce that? 
Basically, as a growing company, we keep evaluating different capex opportunities coming to us. So I 
don't think that the — we are like looking at the operating cash flow, what we have and the current 
debt position, I think we are nicely positioned in terms of like term loan about Rs.63 crore and 
promoters — loans on promoters and advanced unsecured loans are around Rs.83 crore in Pokama 
Engineered Stone. So 
I think - and our annual obligations are around Rs.35 crore to Rs.40 crore 
completely. 
So I think we are not risk averse to take more capex if need be, if we are really willing to help our 
business. At the same time, we're not going to be overboard because we have to keep everything in 
mind that what the demand for the product is, how the capacity utilizations are. 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors. 
Can you just mention the debt number again? 
Okay. That's the only question, or you have some more questions on... 
Yes. So other 2 questions, firstly, on the - we are developing the alterative product formulation, so 
respirable crystalline silica product. So does this — so is it that we have to make the raw material 
composition and it's more of an R&D thing? Or does it require the change in the - our facilities as 
well? If you can elaborate slightly more on that. And one more question was on the -- you mentioned 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 6 of 9

Paras Jain: 
Dixit Doshi: 
Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Paras Jain: 
that the newer market takes typically 12 to 18 months for the reordering. But all those markets which 
you have mentioned, Russia, Canada, there, the first time delivery have we done over last couple of 
quarters? 
These are your 4 questions or are there any more? 
Yes. No, that's it. 
So if you look at -- I'm now giving the numbers, both Pokama Engineered Stone Limited and Pokarma 
Limited, right? So term loan at - consolidated term loan is around Rs.267 crore. And working capital, 
consolidated, is Rs 68 crore and unsecured loans from Promoter Group are Rs 98 crore. So this is our 
consolidated debt basically as of 30th June. That answers your first question. 
Now coming to your second question on the alternative product formulation, which we spoke about. 
So basically, quartz engineered stone has crystalline silica, which is found in the quartz, what is used 
in the quartz. And in certain markets, there is a concem about respirable crystalline silica being 
generated when there is a dry cutting of the engincered store. So there is certain regulatory scrutiny 
which is happening in certain markets. So as a strategy to make sure that we are also ready should the 
situation arise, we've spent a lot of R&D time on developing alternative formulations, and we are 
ready with the product. Should the market start asking for it, we can quickly align ourselves. That's 
one part of . 
So whatever technology, what we're - in R&D we have developed, ensures that we typically do not 
have to invest anything on upgrading our facilities as of now for producing this new formulation 
product. And new markets, what I told about Mexico, France, Canada, Russia, yes, the first shipments 
have been delivered to the respective customers out there. 
The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. 
Sir, your initial remarks on the gross margin. So if you look at over the long periods, our gross 
margins have structurally become lower. So some thoughts, if you can share on what is the mix 
between the premium products and the basic products of quartz? And overall, we do you expect this 
mix to be you with the next 2, 3 years? 
Currently, the new product mix on a quarter basis is what we reported was higher compared to what 
traditionally it has been. So as of now, it is still not at the level which we want it to be. So if one really 
looks at the historical margins, one would look at that 30%, 35% high-margin products around - and 
another 30%, 35% were medium projects -- products, and then 20% around lower and then a mix of 
hospitality. 
So I think if all those metrics are considered and, of course, the mix of 2 and 3CM as well, then 
typically, the numbers can be anywhere between - if we're considering especially the current scenario 
of demand and raw material pricing and the pricing pressure, considering that you have low-cost 
technology products coming out from India and Southeast Asia, I think the healthy margins would be 
around 45% on the gross profit — on the gross margin side of it. So I think the 60% margin level 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 7 of 9

Devansh Nigotia: 
Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
seems to be relatively difficult to attain. But I think 45% is the number of what we feel is the right 
number to look at. 
Okay. And the build-up on the premium portfolio further because to utilize our capacity, who do you 
think we have to acquire market platform in U.S., will it be the locally from local producer of the 
U.S.2 Or 
I mean which country we will be competing with? 
Typically, when we produce a product, largely, our competition comes from North America and 
Europe on the exotic high-end designs. But then the handcrafted products from Southeast Asia also 
have become some of the products where we compete with. 
The next question, a follow-up question from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead India. 
Sir, 2 follow-up questions. Firstly, you referred to gross margins being 45%. I presume you're talking 
at a company level, including granite, you're not talking about the quartz segment only. 
Yes, I think I have to correct myself. 
I was referring to quartz. 
You're referring to quartz segment? 
Yes. 
Your lowest gross margin in history in any quarter has been 49% and this quarter was about 61%. 
And you said Q4 is not a replicate -- it won't be repeated, it was a one-off. And now you're seeing the 
gross margin of 45% in quartz. So can you please throw some light because it's not adding up. 
Just a second, because I think what we have reported seems to be around 42%. So I don't know from 
where... 
Gross margin at quartz level. 
Yes. 
What do you include When you say gross margin? Because every company internally may be using 
different terms than what the market will be using. Can you help us understand how do you define 
gross margins at the company level? 
Yes, let me just check with financing. So we've taken raw material and direct material costs and direct 
overheads. 
Okay. So that's called contribution margin. So in stock market parlance whenever any analysts refers 
to gross margin what they're actually referring to is 100% minus raw material cost as a percentage of 
sales. So none of your direct costs, none of your other cost are included, only the raw material cost is 
included when people refer to gross margins? Just to clarify. 
Okay. Thank you for the input. 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 8 of 9

Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Paras Jain: 
Moderator: 
Paras Jain: 
So basically, the current margin range should sustain, right? Or am I missing something? Whatever 
youreport is, broadly speaking, sometimes up, sometimes down. 
1 think except for last couple of quarters where there were a little ups and dovn. But I don't think that 
those type of scenarios would be reported, and I think that I have clarified before also on the call. 
Okay. So current gross margin range should broadly sustain, a little bit here and there? 
Yes. 
Got it, sir. And sir, is the pricing pressure for whatever lttle, is more on, as you said, on the entry 
side, the lower end side of the market, because Chinese firms cater to that and in your historical calls 
you referred that we don't compete with Chinese, strictly speaking. So can you give the context of the 
competition? So is the competition, at a broader level, and for us, lesser? Or we are increasing in 
equal amount of rate? And if so, why? Because we don't, strictly speaking, compete with Chinese and 
that is the stand of the company since ever. 
See, basically, the technology also has evolved over a period of time, what Chinese were doing 
35 
years and what today they are doing 
in different markets, whether 
it 
is Vietnam, Malaysia, 
Philippines, Cambodia, Thailand, has definitely evolved over a period of time. And they also produce 
products which compete with our products. So saying that we typically do not compete with Chinese 
anymore is probably an understatement. Actually, we do compete with Chinese. But of course, the 
type of products, what we are currently focusing, are completely different from what the market is 
offering at the moment. 
So that's where we think that the temporary monopolies can be established for a time. So that's what 
our current strategy is basically to make sure that we have temporary monopolies which can help us o 
sustain the position, improve the position and then start working on something else which would be 
our next temporary monopoly. 
So sir, this competition is more at that 35% of the market, which you referred to broadly speaking? Or 
it's up to 65% of the market with China as the larger competition? 
We see the competition actoss. See, basically, there are good companies out there who are able to 
produce product which is handcrafted and has certain other challenges, but then there is a market for 
those products as well. We see competition at every price bracket, but then differentiation is what is 
driving all these changes what we are seeing today in the marketplace on our revenue side of it. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. And Tl hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Thank you so much and look forward to catching all the investors in the next conference call. Thank 
you. Thanks, everyone, for coordinating all. 
RNA LIMITED 
Page 9 of 9
