 
 
 
August 3, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East, Mumbai-400051 
 
Symbol: SATIN 
 
   The Manager,   
   BSE Limited, 
   25th Floor, P. J. Towers, 
   Dalal Street,  
   Mumbai-400001 
 
   Scrip Code: 539404 
 
Sub:
Transcript of Earnings Call on Financial Results & Future Outlook of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our earlier intimation dated July 29, 2023 and pursuant to regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, as amended, 
please find enclosed Transcript of Q1FY2024 Results Earnings call of the Company held on 
Friday, July 28, 2023.  
 
The link to access Transcript of Earnings call is https://satincreditcare.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/SCNL_Earnings-Call-Transcript-for-the-quarter-ended-30Jun23.pdf  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Vikas Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
VIKAS 
GUPTA
Digitally signed 
by VIKAS GUPTA 
Date: 2023.08.03 
15:21:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. HP SINGH – CHAIRMAN CUM MANAGING DIRECTOR  
                                     
MR. JUGAL KATARIA – GROUP CONTROLLER 
 
 
MS. ADITI SINGH – HEAD STRATEGY  
 
 
 
 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Satin Creditcare Network Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. HP Singh, Chairman, cum Managing Director of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
HP Singh: 
Thank you so much. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for coming on a Friday evening to 
attend our earnings call for Q1 FY '24. Amidst the news of flood, conjunctivitis and other 
infections I hope you and your family are safe and keeping healthy. I hope you have already 
seen our quarterly results and investor presentation. Those who have not seen them yet, can do 
so via our website and stock exchanges.  
Furthermore, in case you haven't seen our integrated annual report for FY '23, it is available on 
our website now. I will give you a holistic view of our organization and provide a thorough dive 
into our strong business model and sustainability reporting. The microfinance sector in India had 
a spectacular journey over the past fiscal year with tailwinds of robust growth in rural economy, 
owing to increased credit demand on account of revival and economic activities. We too 
witnessed a great turnaround in our business momentum, led by growth in our customer base. 
In pursuit of our endeavor to grow our outreach to accelerate financial inclusion, sustained 
business momentum and efficient underwriting capabilities, we remain relentless and continue 
to do so with the support of our human capital. 
Coming to the first quarter performance of fiscal year 2024. It makes me happy to share with 
you all that it marks the best first quarter in terms of growth and profitability in the last 5 years, 
reflecting an unprecedented performance. Beginning with the operations for the quarter, we 
witnessed a strong growth impetus in the disbursement, which stood at INR 2,122 crores on a 
consolidated basis, up by 24% year-on-year, marking the highest ever Q1 disbursement in the 
last 5 years. The pickup in the disbursement led to the AUM growth of 26%, which now stands 
at INR 9,535 crores. The standalone gross loan portfolio stood at INR 8,367 crores, up by 31% 
year-on-year. 
During the quarter, we added around 2.3 lakhs new clients and our customer base grew by 17% 
year-on-year. We continue to march ahead with our footprint expansion with the opening of 27 
branches in the quarter on a consolidated basis, which will aid our future growth.  
Throughout Q1, we kept up the trend of our healthy collection, a strong asset quality in lieu of 
the core strengths of our ground team and diligent assessment methodology. The new portfolio 
originated from July '21 onwards is displaying a remarkable performance, which constitutes 
about 96% of the on-book MFI portfolio with PAR 1 at 0.9% and PAR 90 at 0.5%, as reported 
by CRIF High Mark, which is the best in the industry. This is the testimony of our robust 
underwriting capabilities. The on-book GNPA of the company stood at INR 155 crores, which 
is 2.49% of the on-book portfolio, down from 4.31% in Q1 FY '23. The company has sufficient 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
on-book provisions amounting to INR 103 crores as on Q1 FY '24, which is 1.6% of on-book 
AUM. 
Maintaining a strong collection discipline, our collection efficiency continues to remain stable 
and stood at 99.6% for the period under review. Continuing with our efforts to recover the write-
off pool, we collected approximately INR 9 crores during the quarter.  
On the borrowing front, exhibiting the confidence the market has in us and our business acumen, 
the company raised INR 2,148 crores during Q1 FY '24 as compared to INR 1,291 crores during 
Q1 FY '23, up by 66%. Of this, more than 80% is on-book borrowing. 
The company has successfully completed the preferential allotment of INR 225 crores via the 
issuance of equity shares and fully convertible warrants after receiving the last tranche of INR 
50 crores, which was received in July '23 from Florintree Ventures LLP.  
Guided by our strong fundamentals, we have achieved our highest ever profitability in the first 
quarter of this financial year. Our standalone PAT stood at INR 86 crores, which grew by 43% 
year-on-year during Q1 FY '24. This resulted in ROA of 4.3% and ROE of 17.5%. Our operating 
efficiency significantly improved in the first quarter with the cost-to-income ratio declining from 
71.1% in Q1 FY '23 to 48.9% in Q1 FY '24. Our operating expense to average AUM ratio stood 
at 5.8% in Q1 FY '24 as against 7.1% in Q1 FY '23, marking a significant reduction of 133 basis 
points. 
In evidence through our prudent investment made in technology, the company has been 
recognized by the esteemed SKOCH Award for Excellence in Loan Management System where 
we won in the Silver Category. In addition to this remarkable accolade, the company has also 
been ranked 30th amongst the Top 100 Best Companies to Work for across all industries by 
Great Place to Work, India, reinforcing our commitment to create an outstanding work culture. 
I congratulate team for bringing this honor to us, and we took the award home for fourth year in 
a row. 
We have consistently grown our footprint across the country, harness numerous prospects for 
business growth and invested in decisive actions that deliver great shareholder value for multiple 
stakeholders, guided by a strong regard for customer needs. The exceptional performance in Q1 
FY '24 in line with our growth aspiration is attributed to significant customer and portfolio 
growth, and we are confident to demonstrate good performance in the quarters to come. 
Now let me run you through the financial and operational highlights of our company.  
On consolidated highlights, our AUM as on 30th June 2023 stood at INR 9,535 crores. We have 
a customer base of 30.5 lakh as on 30th June 2023, with presence across 1,310 branches and 
96,000 villages and 407 districts of India. We have a total state and UTs count of 24, which 
makes us a well-diversified Pan-India microfinance player. 
Our top 4 states contribute to 54% of total AUM in Q1 FY '24, the states are UP, Bihar, West 
Bengal and Punjab. Our disbursement for Q1 FY '24 stood at INR 2,122 crores as compared to 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
INR 1,709 crores in Q1 FY '23. The total revenue for the quarter stood at INR 464 crores, up by 
34% year-on-year. PAT for the quarter stood at INR 88 crores, ROA of 4.3% and ROE of 21%. 
On the standalone highlights, our AUM as on 30th June 2023, stood at INR 8,367 crores. Our 
standalone disbursement for the quarter stood at INR 1,980 crores as compared to INR 1,554 
crores in Q1 FY '23. Our average ticket size of MFI lending for the quarter stood at INR 43,000.  
We have a well-diversified customer base of approximately 28 lakh clients with 77% rural 
exposure. PAT for the quarter stood at INR 86 crores as compared to INR 60 crores in Q1 FY 
'23. ROA of 4.3% as compared to 3.3% last year. ROE of 17.5% as compared to 14.7% last year. 
On-book GNPA reduced from 4.31% as on June '22, to 2.49% as on June '23. In absolute terms, 
it reduced from INR 217 crores to INR 155 crores. 
During the quarter, ICRA has revised our rating outlook to A- stable from A- negative. Also we 
got NCD rating done from Infomerics at IVR A Stable. As on 30th June 2023, 96.1% of our 
districts have less than 1% of portfolio exposure.  
Our well-thought of diversification strategy has enabled us to sail through difficult situation and 
capitalize on our idea of enriching our client base through financing of various products. We 
have disbursed around INR 45 crores during the reported quarter under the product finance 
category, which includes loan for bicycles, solar products, home appliances, consumer durables 
and water and sanitation. 
An update on subsidiaries. Satin Housing Finance Limited has now reached an AUM of INR 
514 crores, which grew by 55% year-on-year, having a presence across 4 states with 5,666 
customers. SHFL has a 100% retail book. The quality of the portfolio remains intact with GNPA 
of 0.76% as of June '23. The company has 22 active lenders, including NHB refinance. CRAR 
of 46.1% and gearing on 2.5x. The company has a credit rating of BBB+ stable from CARE and 
Infomerics. PAT for Q1 '24 stood at INR 1 crores.  
Satin Finserv Limited, the company's MSME and BC lending arm has reached an AUM of INR 
654 crores, CRAR of 41% and gearing of 1.3x. PAT for Q1 FY '24, stood at INR 1 crores. Credit 
rating of BBB+ stable from CARE and Acuite.  
Lastly, as we continue on the path of growth, we are prepared for the road of more profitability, 
coupled with cost efficiencies. And with this, I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
Congratulations on the quarter. Just three questions from me, and it's just clubbed into one. So I 
just want your outlook on three things. So are you on track to achieve the guided AUM growth 
of 25% and more? Your cost of income has gone down, which is good. So what will be the 
sustainable number? But your ROA, return on asset has also dropped. So what will be the 
number you're looking for FY '24 on all these three? 
HP Singh: 
So if I can answer you correctly, the guidance for 25% growth plus, I think we are well on track 
of that. It's the first quarter, which is probably the weakest quarter in the entire year as such. I 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
think we've done about 5.5% quarter-on-quarter growth. So I think that is definitely which is 
within our range, which we will achieve. 
In terms of our profitability and ROA, my sense is the first quarter, again, which is weak, if you 
are comparing it with the quarter 4 of FY '23, which was 4.9%. I think we've not dropped too 
significantly down. I think the PAT standalone was about INR 94 crores. This time standalone 
PAT is about INR 86 crores. 
My sense is, having seen a weak quarter in comparison to the last quarter, where the 
disbursement was also close to about INR 2,600 crores. We've done about INR 2,100 crores. My 
sense is as we go further and further quarters, I think that guidance of 3.5%. I think we have -- 
we will probably over achieved that, that's point number two.  
  
So cost-to-income, my sense is will remain stable in terms of our NIM as well as the way we are 
looking at that. I think we are in the range of about 48%, it was 45% in the last quarter. I think 
it will remain range bound across over there. I think that is where we stand in terms of our cost-
to- income also. 
Rahil Shah: 
So cost to income and return on assets, you feel this number you're comfortable with. For the 
full year. All of this was for the full year, right? 
HP Singh: 
Yes, exactly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raunak Singhvi, an Individual Investor. 
Raunak Sanghvi: 
Yes. Okay. So congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers. I have a few questions more so 
futuristic and a few questions on the current operation. One is any status on the Assam historical 
collections as we were to receive something from the government, right? Any update on that 
would be helpful. And any impact on the floods in the Northern part of India because we have 
seen unprecedented floods over the last 4 weeks and this would hit this quarter. 
So any impact of that from a disbursement or a collections perspective? And also with Florintree 
completing their investment, and a lot of the historical investors were basically exited because 
of their fund life ending. So is there any diversity with Florintree also getting their nominee on 
the board, any plans there? And any future equity raising plans later this year? I recall there was 
an announcement a few weeks back that there was a potential transaction, but then it didn't go 
through. So I guess these four questions on this. 
HP Singh: 
So let me answer one by one. In terms of Assam, I think -- we've shared our last bit of data with 
the state government in terms of category 3, the amount of money, which was supposed to come 
to us. We are very hopeful that once this has been shared now, I think we are awaiting now the 
first tranche to come in. My sense is, it could be coming in any point of time. So that's a big 
positive, which is happening but we'll still wait for till the time the actual money doesn't come 
in, but all indications point towards definitely, yes, that money, the first tranche will definitely 
come in. 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
In terms of our portfolio, which is just to give you an additional thing, the newer portfolio, which 
we've built post Assam crisis is one of the best performing in the entire industry as well as the 
entire country for us. So our GNPA over there, you won't believe it, it's 0.02%. So that is where 
Assam holds. 
On the flood spurt in Northern India, yes, there has been a slight disruption in a couple of districts 
in Punjab and about a district in Haryana. So it has not affected the entire state. It is just I think 
if you put in total about 3 districts which have been affected. What it signifies is that there will 
be a slight disruption for about a month or so in these 3 districts. But having seen floods across 
in the last so many years as such, it's just a temporary blimp. So there is nothing which will 
probably affect our GNPA levels, our portfolio quality as well as our asset quality. So be rest 
assured on that. 
This money, whatever little is disrupted. And if I give you maybe just a hypothetical figure out 
of a total of 5 lakh customer based in Punjab, I think about a 1,000 would have been affected. 
So that is what the numbers are. So I think you can probably be reassured on that which is there. 
That's the second point. The third one, which you said in terms of our Florintree diversified 
shareholding. Yes, definitely with Florintree coming in, we will get a diversified marquee 
shareholder whose probably had multiple dream run as across over there. I hope his charm works 
on us also basically, I don't know whether numbers will work or what will work. But definitely, 
yes, I think we are on a very healthy upside on that. 
In terms of the exits of a couple of our investors, these investors have been invested for about 8 
years to 9 years as such. Their funds were coming to a close. So it's a natural phase for them to 
exit out of there and they have exited with a profitable exit, which also bodes very well for the -
- I think for the entire investor community, but they funds are coming to a close. They had no 
options, but to exit. So that is what has happened nothing, which is probably a cause where any 
thought can be raised across over that. 
In terms of the equity raise, I can only give you an assurance, we've raised equity whenever we 
required it. If you look at our entire history of fundraising, we have raised the equity whenever 
we want it to or whenever the organization required it. And this will happen also in the future 
which will come in. The moment we feel that we significantly require equity for funding our 
profitable growth or funding our growth moving ahead, we'll be able to raise that. So that is 
going to happen across over there. 
In terms of what happened in the previous, yes, there are conversations which always go on with 
investors across the Board. Sometimes you are able to achieve what you really want to look at 
through, but we have become slightly a little significantly looking at the way we want to look at 
the fresh set of investors who probably come in at this stage, we are at an inflection point of 
growing and moving in the next stage of life. So I think we keep that in mind once choosing an 
investor. So I think that probably, I think, is my comments for all the questions which you asked.  
Raunak Sanghvi: 
There was one sort of question also in that was around is, did Florintree have a nominee on the 
board because they being generally the norm greater than 10%, the shareholders would want a 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
nominee on the Board. And also considering the pedigree of the investor, what is your view and 
the company's view to get a Florintree representative on the Board? 
HP Singh: 
There's no discussion on this, to be very honest. And I think for us, it's not necessary for any 
investor to probably be there on the Board to give any value-added services or any kind of a 
value-add thoughts to us. I think we always welcome all these kind of things from any investor 
who is there with us. 
So that is what probably answers. I think it's more what you get from the investors rather than 
probably just having someone on the Board. That's what our thought is and that is how we deal 
with the Florintree also. We've got a good marquee investor, and we definitely look forward 
towards his contribution in helping the company grow to the next stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun, an individual investor. 
Varun: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have a few questions. First one is, can you elaborate 
on the reason for the decline in yield quarter-on-quarter? And second one is, I see that the on-
book AUM has increased 10% quarter-on-quarter, but the direct assignments have decreased. 
So the ratio of direct assignments to total AUM has come down significantly. How do you see 
this trending going forward? The third one is what comprises of this negative INR 9 crores of 
comprehensive income on the standalone company and INR 2 crores on the housing finance 
company. The last one is the NIM in the housing finance subsidiary have declined significantly. 
What could be the reason behind that? And how do you expect it trending going forward? 
HP Singh: 
So if I can break this, I can probably give you on the on-book DA this thing. So I think DA 
assignment, which happens is technically an answer to how the funding is rated. And we've 
always maintained that we would like to keep the assignment part technically in the range of 
about 20 to about 30-odd percent. That is where we stand right now. It all depends on quarter-
to-quarter also. Technically, what happens in terms of the funding rate. 
DA assignment works in terms of banks and everything we know during the last quarter, which 
is far more significant as compared to the first quarter. So I think we build up our kity across 
over there and it depends on this thing. So there is nothing which probably will do that. So with 
this decline, I think the on-book increases across over there. 
Aditi Singh: 
And I think the way to look at the yield is you should look at the entire FY '23 and then compare 
the yield of this quarter, Varun, because Q4 had also significant high DA and hence a little bit 
of DA income, so the yield was a bit higher on that account. DA income gets normalized when 
you look at the year in totality and that's where you will see a positive uptick. 
Jugal Kataria: 
Just to add, we have done the total direct assignment transaction of almost INR 800 crores in the 
fourth quarter. While this quarter it is close to about INR 400 crores. So that explains the variance 
between yield in Q4 and Q1. 
Varun: 
Got it.  

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Jugal Kataria: 
That is when we are doing the fair valuation of the security receipt of the ARC transaction. So 
we have already made the provision for some part of the provision based on the security received 
valuation has to be routed for other comprehensive income. So that is the entry which is there in 
the other comprehensive income. 
Varun: 
Got it. But that INR 9 crores and INR 2 crores seem like a significant amount, no? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So that was already provided from the P&L account. So based on the securities receipt valuation. 
It has to be routed through the other comprehensive income as per our accounting policy. So we 
have done that. 
Varun: 
Got it. Got it. And what about the NIMs in the housing finance company, they seem to be have 
fallen significantly as well? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So the leverage is slightly increasing. So to that extent, the NIM percentage is going down. But 
as far as the lending rate and cost of funding margins are concerned, they are intact. So in line 
with our cost of funds, we are changing our lending rate. 
Varun: 
Got it. Sorry, one last question. So if you look at your income statement, there is this bracket 
called other expenses. And again, those other expenses increased like 50% quarter-on-quarter. 
Like is there any one-off over there? And what actually forms a part of this other expenses? 
Jugal Kataria: 
So from INR 22.51 crores, it has gone to about INR 27.74 crores, the volumes are increasing 
and then to that extent, there is increase. But if you see the overall opex, it has come down and 
overall opex is around 5.8% of the AUM and absolute number as the operations will increase, 
we have open the new branches, etc. 
Varun: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but it's gone from INR 23 crores to INR 34 crores. And the delta seems 
again, a little bit large. It's a 50% increase quarter-on-quarter. I'm referring to Slide 31 of the 
presentation. 
Jugal Kataria: 
So there is a forex impact, foreign exchange accounting impact on the things are corresponding 
about INR 5-odd crores is part of the expenses as well as part of the top line, which is a contra 
entry on hedging of ECB transaction, etc. But if you are seeing the pure operating cost, 5.8% is 
a number as against broadly 6.14% in the previous quarter. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aditi 
Singh, Head Strategy for closing comments. 
Aditi Singh: 
Thanks, Lizann, and thank you, everyone, for coming on this call. We have tried to explain 
everything in the investor presentation and through this call. And still, we are open to get on a 
call or over e-mail exchange or discuss if you have any more queries. So you can reach out to 
me or my colleague, Shweta Bansal, in Investor Relations, and we will be happy to explain or 
clarify whatever you want to discuss with us. Thank you, and have a great evening and a great 
weekend. Stay safe, thank you. 
HP Singh: 
Thank you, guys. Thank you, everyone. 

       
Satin Creditcare Network Limited 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Satin 
Creditcare Network Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
