 
 
 
26th July, 2023 
 
Stock Code BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
       ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 20th July, 2023, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results for the 
quarter ended 30th June, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the said 
earnings call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/results-presentations/quarterly-results/june-quarter-
2023-results/  
  
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Dev Bajpai 
Executive Director, Legal & Corporate Affairs 
and Company Secretary 
DIN:00050516 / FCS No: F3354 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
DEVOPAM 
NARENDRA 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed by 
DEVOPAM 
NARENDRA BAJPAI 
Date: 2023.07.26 
21:50:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“June Quarter 2023  
Earnings Call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited” 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Rohit Jawa, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Mr. Ritesh Tiwari, CFO and Executive Director, Finance and IT  
Mr. A Ravishankar, Group Finance Controller and Head of Investor Relations 
 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 2 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hindustan Unilever Limited 
Conference Call for the results for June quarter ended 30th June 2023. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. A. Ravishankar, Group Controller and 
Head of Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good evening everyone, and welcome to the conference 
call of Hindustan Unilever Limited. We will be covering today the results for 
the quarter ended 30th June 2023. On the call with me is Rohit Jawa, CEO and 
Managing Director; and Ritesh Tiwari, CFO. 
We will start with prepared remarks from Rohit and Ritesh, which I expect to 
take around 20 minutes, leaving us about an hour for our Q&A session at the 
end. Before we get started with the presentation, I would like to draw your 
attention to the Safe Harbor statement included in the presentation for good 
order sake. With that, over to you, Rohit. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Thanks, Ravi. Good evening, everyone. I'm delighted to be here for my first 
earnings call as the CEO and Managing Director of this great company. I look 
forward to engaging with all of you. 
Since I have come onboard in April as CEO designate, I have been spending 
time reconnecting with the business and meeting our people, consumers and 
customers. It has helped me to better understand our purpose-led future-fit 
business, our winning strategy and our distinctive capabilities. While so much 
has changed in the business over the years, what remains constant is our values, 
our belief that what is good for India is good for HUL and the high-quality 
talent that we have in the company. 
I have had the opportunity to also witness first-hand the on-ground impact that 
we have created through our working communities across the country, I'm very 
proud of that. We have delivered this quarter a resilient and competitive 
performance, which was again marked by challenging operating environment. 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 3 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Let me now hand over to Ritesh to cover our results in detail. I will then come 
back to share my perspectives about the operating environment and our 
outlook. Ritesh, over to you. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you, Rohit, and good evening, everyone. I will begin with FMCG 
market context and then cover our quarter performance in detail. Starting with 
market growth for HUL relevant categories, we are seeing a gradual recovery 
in market volumes with aggregate volume growth now at mid-single digit. 
Urban markets continue to lead the growth for FMCG. Rural market volume, 
which at one point was declining in double digit has just turned positive in this 
quarter. Having said that, we need to be cognizant that these growths have 
come on back of volume decline in June quarter 2022. 
If we were to look at market growth on a 2-year CAGR basis, total volume 
growth is still marginally negative, with rural volumes declining at 4%. With 
most commodities remaining stable, the year-on-year inflation continued to 
moderate. There are however 2 call-outs that I would like to highlight:  
• 
First, within our portfolio, we do see some divergence in commodity 
trends, input materials for Home Care and BPC, like crude and palm 
derivatives remained benign, whilst F&R commodities like coffee, cereal 
and skimmed milk powder continue to witness high levels of inflation 
year-on-year.  
• 
Second, as we said earlier, we need to be mindful that most commodities 
continue to be at levels higher than their historical averages. 
With this moderation in year-on-year inflation, we have seen more players 
passing on benefits of lower input cost to consumers. This is reflected in a 
sequential reduction in the price growth that we see in the market, albeit it 
being in high single digits. In anticipation of lower prices, we are seeing trade 
reducing the stock levels by 1 to 3 days.  
As we highlighted earlier, there's a time lag between companies taking price 
reductions and consumers experiencing the benefit of lower prices due to trade 
pipeline stocks. This is seen in the Nielsen offtake data where price growth is 
in high single digit.  

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 4 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Volumes will recover gradually due to high levels of cumulative inflation that 
consumers are facing and the fact that consumption habits typically recover 
with a lag. 
With softening in input cost, we are witnessing increased competitive intensity 
in the market. If you look at media deployment, which saw a steep reduction 
during high inflationary period has started normalizing and is now at 95% of 
June quarter 2019. With increasing share of digital spend in A&P, one can 
anticipate that the overall media deployment is now very similar to pre-Covid 
levels. 
We are also seeing resurgence of small and regional players in select categories 
and price points, many of whom had vacated the market during peak of 
inflation.  
In this backdrop, HUL delivered a resilient all-round performance. Our 
underlying sales grew 7% with an underlying volume growth of 3%. Both these 
measures strip out the impact of disposal of our salt and atta business. 
Talking about our bottom-line performance, EBITDA margin at 23.6% 
remained healthy and improved 40 bps year-on-year. I will cover the details of 
EBITDA movement in a subsequent slide.  
Profit after tax before exceptional items (PAT bei) at Rs. 2,500 crores was up 
9%. Net profit at Rs. 2,472 crores increased 8% year-on-year. Slightly higher 
levels of restructuring cost explains the difference between Net Profit and PAT 
bei growth.  
Talking about our market share performance. Our growth was competitive with 
more than 75% of our business winning market shares, both value and volume.  
Premium portfolio continues to lead growth for us, and this reflects in higher 
share gain in this part of the portfolio. 
As I said earlier, we are seeing resurgence of small and regional players due to 
moderating commodity prices. Consequently, there are certain pockets of our 
portfolio, primarily in mass segment and specific regions where we have seen 
a dip in our market shares. However, on an aggregate basis, our shares are 
ahead of what it was pre-inflation. 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 5 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
On a 2-year basis, we continue to significantly outperform the market with our 
sales CAGR at 13% and our UVG CAGR of 5%.  
Moving on to performance across our 3 segments.  
Home Care delivered yet another quarter of robust performance and grew 10% 
on a very strong base. Beauty & Personal Care delivered a volume-led growth 
of 4%. Foods & Refreshment grew 5%.  
Margins in all 3 segments remained healthy with Home Care at 18%, BPC at 
26% and F&R at 18%. 
This time, we have included information on segment and category level UVG, 
which we normally do not disclose. We have done this to help you better 
appreciate our volume performance, especially with the divergence in the 
operating context of each division. Both Home Care and BPC delivered a mid-
single-digit UVG while F&R had a near flat UVG. 
Let me give you some more color on our UVG performance across the various 
categories.  
As you can see, all categories in Home Care continue to have strong volume 
growth. Household Care had a double-digit volume growth where Laundry 
grew in mid-single digit.  
Moving on to BPC, Skin Care and Color cosmetics had a high single-digit 
volume growth driven by Ponds, Lakme and Vaseline. Hair and Oral Care had 
a mid-single-digit volume growth. Skin Cleansing UVG was in low single 
digit. 
When it comes to F&R, Tea continue to grow volume ahead of the market, 
volumes in Foods, HFD and Coffee was impacted due to price increases taken 
to cover the input cost inflation. Ice cream had a very high base last year and 
was also impacted by the unseasonal rains in April. 
In summary, Home Care and BPC which constitutes 75% of our business is 
growing volumes in mid-to high single-digit range.  

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 6 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Hopefully, this helps you better understand our volume growth trajectory and 
the divergence we have seen between categories. For the sake of abundant 
clarity, we don't intend to make this a standard disclosure. 
Now talking about our innovations for this quarter. Surf Excel Matic liquid 
was relaunched with a superior WiMI formulation and new packaging. 
Comfort perfume wardrobe hanger is a line extension from our fabric enhancer 
brand Comfort, this ensures the wardrobe and clothes in it remains fresh and 
fragrant. 
Dove Men+Care two-in-one shampoo plus conditioner was launched in 3 
variants: Thick and Strong, Anti-Dandruff and Fresh & Clean.  
Pureit has launched a new range of water purifier Revito with best-in-class 
filtration technology independently certified for heavy metal removal and 
gives higher water recovery of up to 70%.  
Indulekha has extended its franchise into Skin Cleansing with Indulekha soap 
and ayurvedic proprietary medicine, which is clinically proven to help repair 
visible signs of skin damage like dark spots, uneven skin tone and acne marks. 
Expanding this product line further Knorr introduced a range of Chinese sauces 
- Green Chilli, Red Chilli and Dark Soy Sauce. The perfect choice for 
restaurant like Chinese at home.  
Horlicks biscuit was relaunched in South India as a Millet based biscuit. We 
are using the power of 2 millets - Ragi and Sorghum with whole wheat to create 
a special Millet biscuit.  
Vim launched an all-new product called Vim Shudhham for brass and copper 
vessels in easy-to-use format of gel and spray. 
On the occasion of World Social Media Day, Brooke Bond Red Label launched 
a beautiful film called Red Label, India's favorite social network, reminding 
that Chai is India's original social network.  
Building further on its purpose of owning chores, Vim’s new activation ‘Apne 
Bartan Apne Aap’, is a ‘call to action to men and society to own the chores’. 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 7 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Moving on to our performance in Home Care. This was another solid quarter 
for Home Care, with strong performance in both Fabric Wash and Household 
Care. Revenues grew 10% with mid-single-digit volume growth. Fabric Wash 
delivered double-digit growth led by premium portfolio. Household Care had 
double-digit value and volume growth, led by outperformance in dishwash. 
Talking about Beauty and Personal Care, our business delivered 4% revenue 
growth with mid-single-digit UVG.  
Skin Cleansing had a modest volume-led growth with LUX and Hamam 
continuing to outperform. Benefit of lower input costs were passed on to 
consumers through pricing actions taken in the quarter.  
Hair Care delivered mid-single-digit UVG led by TRESemme, Indulekha and 
Clinic Plus. 
Skin Care and Color cosmetics grew double digit on back of strong 
performance in the premium portfolio. We continue to build our Skin Care 
portfolio in high-growth demand spaces through innovations and further scale 
up of our digital brands.  
Oral Care delivered a strong double-digit growth led by Closeup. 
Let me now turn to Foods and Refreshment. F&R grew 5%.  
• Starting with Tea the category continued to witness consumer 
downgrading due to high inflation in premium teas vis-a-vis loose tea. 
Overall, the business delivered a modest volume led growth in the quarter.  
• Coffee grew in mid-single digits led by pricing.  
• Health Food Drinks had a good quarter with both Horlicks and Boost 
performing well. 
• Foods grew in mid-single digits, led by strong performance in Ketchup 
and Food Solutions.  
• Ice-cream delivered mid-single-digit growth on an exceptionally high 
base. Ice-cream consumption was impacted due to unseasonal rains in the 
quarter.  

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 8 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Softening commodities coupled with our sharp focus on savings and ensuring 
the right price value equation to consumers has led to our gross margin 
improving 140 bps sequentially, taking it to 49.2%. 
As I mentioned earlier, media intensity has increased in the market. We have 
stepped up our A&P investments to keep our Share of voice ahead of Share of 
Market and ensure our brands are well supported. A&P spends in this quarter 
was higher by 110 bps versus March quarter 2023. This is an additional 
investment of almost Rs. 200 crores. 
Summarizing our performance for this quarter, we had a resilient top line and 
bottom-line delivery. I've already covered most of the lines but let me give you 
a quick highlight on a few other items.  
• 
Our other expenses was up year-on-year due to step-up of investment in 
building capabilities and impact of the new royalty and central services 
arrangement. There was also a favorable impact in the base due to phasing 
of costs.  
• 
Our ETR for the quarter was 26.5%. We expect this to come down slightly 
on a full year basis.  
• 
I would like to remind you that our ETR in Financial Year '23 was 
positively benefited due to prior period tax adjustments.  
Speaking about progress made on some of our key sustainability initiatives,  
• 
HUL in partnership with HSBC and BMC has established 12 Suvidha 
centers in Mumbai, which provides safe sanitation facilities to 3 lakh 
people in low-income communities annually. During the quarter, we 
signed a strategic partnership with JSW Foundation to establish 10 new 
Suvidha centers in Mumbai. These new centers will save 300 million liters 
of water over a decade and will run on solar energy.  
• 
In association with Genpact, we launched Be.Seen, an accelerator program 
to help scale businesses owned by minority and underrepresented groups 
in India. This program aligns our ESG goals of increasing procurement 
from diverse businesses.  
• 
FICCI has set up a center for sustainability leadership with HUL as a 
founding member. The center aims to help accelerate India Inc.'s climate 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 9 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
action in line with government's net-zero commitment embodied in the 
‘Panchamrit’ framework.  
Let me now move on to our near-term outlook.  
The situation on weather front remains erratic. We have seen unseasonal rains, 
heatwave and a delayed monsoon. El Nino has set in early, which could impact 
latter parts of monsoon. While monsoon has picked up pace off late, spatial 
variations persist. We have seen unfortunate floods in parts of the country.  
Consequently, cropping especially of rice and pulses seem to have been 
impacted. Higher reservoir levels and better agri infrastructure should 
hopefully contain the impact.  
On non-agri front, we are seeing mixed trends. While MNREGA demand 
remains high, remittances to rural have improved.  
Looking at demand from consumer lens, we should be mindful that consumers 
are still facing high levels of cumulative inflation. As you saw earlier, due to 
pipeline stocks, they are consuming higher-priced inventory and hence, the 
volume recovery will continue to be gradual. 
Clearly, the operating environment remains volatile and we should be watchful 
of how these variables pan out.  
In this context, we will continue to manage our business with agility and take 
actions to ensure long-term 4G growth, growth which is consistent, 
competitive, profitable and responsible. Speaking specifically about outlook 
for the next couple of quarters. 
• 
Price growth will tail off further with lapping of high prices in the base 
and sequential price reductions. If commodities remain where they are, we 
expect our price growth to be near flat or marginally negative.  
• 
With inflation moderating, the competitive intensity is likely to go up 
further.  
• 
We remain focused on providing superior value to our consumers, 
building back our gross margins and investing competitively behind our 
brands. With this, we expect to sustain our volume growth momentum.  

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 10 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
With this, I complete my prepared remarks, and let me pass on to Rohit for his 
perspectives. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Thanks, Ritesh. Let me start with my perspective of this quarter’s performance. 
I'll summarize this as another good quarter for HUL, delivering consistent, 
competitive profitable and responsible growth. On a high base, we grew 7%, 
equally balanced between price and volume. We have stepped up our gross 
margin and increased A&P investment behind our brands. Our business 
fundamentals remain strong - More than 75% of our business is winning shares 
and gaining penetration. Our brand power scores are looking healthy, product 
security is significantly better, and we continue to make good progress on our 
long-term strategic priorities. We have a clear and compelling strategy that has 
delivered strong results for us. 
Let me now turn to the operating context and our outlook. I'm pleased to see 
that commodities, which a few quarters back were at record levels have now 
corrected and inflation is moderating.  
Market volumes are recovering, although gradually. Rural market volume 
growth has just turned positive in the quarter, and we are seeing sequential 
improvements. However, we need to be cognisant of the soft base that the 
market is lapping. On a 2-year basis, total market volumes are near flat and 
rural market volume has declined. We expect volumes to continue recover 
gradually due to the high levels of cumulative inflation and the fact that 
consumption habits typically recover with a lag.  
With inflation moderating, we are witnessing increased competitive intensity, 
small regional players who vacated the market during high inflation are now 
coming back. We're also seeing increased media investments by FMCG 
players.  
On the weather front, the situation remains challenging. We've seen some 
extreme weather events playing out in the last few months, such as the 
unseasonal rains in the summer, followed by heat phase and delay onset of 
monsoon. Recently, monsoon has picked up pace, and we've also seen 
unfortunate floods in parts of the country. El Nino has set in early and hence, 
that could impact the latter part of the monsoon.  

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 11 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Clearly, the operating environment continues to remain volatile. In this 
context, we will continue to manage our business dynamically, provide 
superior value to our consumers and invest behind our brands and future-fit 
capabilities. 
Notwithstanding these near-term concerns, I remain confident and positive 
about the mid to long-term outlook for FMCG sector in India and HUL's 
growth prospects. Our focus remains on delivering 4G growth.  
I now hand over to Ravi to commence the Q&A session. Thank you. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Rohit. Thank you, Ritesh. With this, we will now move to the Q&A 
session. We request you to kindly restrict the number of questions to a 
maximum of two at a time so that we are able to address questions of more 
participants. In case you do have any further questions, feel free to join the 
queue again. 
In addition to audio, as usual, participants have an option to pose the questions 
through the web option on your screen. With that, I'd like to hand the call back 
to Yashashri to manage the next session for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We have our first question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
I have two questions. My first question is on the impact of palm oil price cost 
correction. So, when I see the biscuit companies and the other listed soap 
company, there, we are seeing very strong Gross margin and EBITDA margin 
expansion on Y-o-Y basis for the past few quarters or maybe for one or two 
quarters. When I see your Q1 number in terms of the Beauty and Personal Care, 
the margins are almost stable. 
So, wanted to understand if you are being more aggressive in Skin Cleansing 
in terms of advertising spends and promotion or giving back to the customer. 
Why it's not visible in terms of the volume growth? And is there a lagged 
impact? So, supposing you are more aggressive currently, does it mean that 
later you will get that benefit? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. Thanks, Abneesh. Let me pick it up. See, overall, let me start at aggregate 
level. Of course, there are different cycles of commodity. If you look at 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 12 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
aggregate numbers for Hindustan Unilever, there are commodities like Palm to 
the point that you made Crude oil, Indian rupee which has, by and large, 
remained stable, are factors which has led overall inflation to moderate. 
But equally at a total company level, we also have Food and Refreshment 
efficient business where Coffee, Milk, Barley are materials, which are 
significantly inflated. So, when you look at total company level, you're just 
ensure that you have looked at both the elements put together. At the peak of 
inflation in September quarter '22, at that point in time, we have seen a 600 bps 
impact to our Gross margin. 
Again, as you know, across the industry, this was a better performance where 
our price versus cost bleed was lower than many other players. From that front 
of 600 bps, we have already recovered 400 bps of Gross margin in the last 3 
quarters between December quarter, March quarter and June quarter. And a 
good portion of this 400 bps Gross margin that we have improved over the last 
3 quarters has gone behind A&P. It was roughly 7 percentage for us, 3 quarters 
back, and now, as we speak, it's almost 10 percentage. 
So, we have dialled up 300 bps of investment in A&P. Of course, where 
required, we did lean in with price reduction, with more amount of grammage 
to be filled back, and we will see the impact of these changes, the point that 
Rohit articulated earlier that we should see impact of these changes in 
consumer behavior and volumes in times to come. 
Typically, this takes 2 to 3 quarters for the whole thing to stabilize. When we 
do price cuts and price changes, it goes to trade, trade has high price inventory, 
we liquidate that first, and it goes to consumer. Consumers also have pantry 
stock at home, which typically will be higher priced, bought earlier. And when 
that inventory in the pipeline clears up, consumers start experiencing lower 
priced product. And of course, after that, we expect them to start changing their 
behavior and start to consume more. 
This transition typically takes 2 to 3 quarters. And we have seen that, Abneesh 
in the past as well. If I go back a decade ago, for example, Laundry in 2012 & 
2013, similar conversation. A year later, in Tea 2014, 2015 similar 
conversation. Even if I go back, say, 2008 and 2009, similar conversation for 
Skin Cleansing. Each of this period, we have seen substantial inflation and post 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 13 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
that as commodities came down, we saw it took 2 to 3 quarters for consumption 
levels to start to recover. And we expect it to be  similar this time as well. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. That was helpful. Just one follow-up on that. I understood you explained 
on an overall basis, the Gross margins are getting flowed back. My specific 
question was on the Beauty & Personal Care, there why we are not seeing the 
margin expansion in terms of the EBIT because clearly, Skin Cleansing would 
have seen a very strong margin expansion. 
So here, my specific question is, in terms of the palm oil inventory, would you 
be a bit more in terms of the pricing versus, say, some of the other players? 
And in terms of your non Skin Cleansing, Beauty Personal Care, how is the 
cost inflation there? That math I'm still not able to understand. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, both elements, element of (A) price actions in Skin Cleansing, (B) 
dialing up A&P in Skin Cleansing and equally dialing up investments behind 
other categories within Beauty & Personal Care. And you've seen the impacts 
of those. For example, we grew in double-digit Skin Care and Color cosmetics. 
We had good volume growth in Hair Care, Oral Care, and those are the 
examples where the investments that we have done in A&P across BPC 
categories, we are seeing impact of it coming in. And of course, overall, one 
of the charts you saw me presenting in media intensity has gone up it's almost 
back to 2019 levels. 
So, it's a summation of (A) we have increased Gross margin. In fact, a large 
portion of Gross margin of 400 bps has come from categories which got 
impacted in the first place through commodity, be it Laundry or be it Skin 
Cleansing, and hence, recovery also has been led on Gross margin on those 
categories. But a mix between inflation impact, Gross margin improvement 
and investing in A&P behind categories. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My last question is on Oral Care. You have also done well. Our sense is 
the other two players listed are also doing well. So, what's the reason for all 
three players doing well? Is it a market share loss for the unlisted player? And 
second is when you see the recovery in the Oral Care versus some of your other 
Personal Care business, is there any difference in terms of the consumer 
behavior, which is driving this? 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 14 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Ritesh Tiwari: 
No, Oral Care, one of the conversations we've spoken for last few quarters, the 
amount of work we have done with Close up. And our performance, as we 
speak in this quarter, has been driven by Close up. So, Close-up has seen good 
traction with consumers, and our activations have worked pretty well, and so 
is innovation. So, we are seeing the benefit of that in terms of overall growth 
that we see in Oral Care. 
Oral Care as a category you can imagine is a highly penetrated category. Of 
course, there's a job to be done in terms of increasing the brushing occasion. 
That's a long longer-term job to be done. But the overall price value equation, 
the kind of distribution that we have done and the innovation activation put 
together, we have seen Close up basically driving the growth of Oral Care 
overall for us. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, thanks. That's all for me. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vivek M from Jefferies. 
Vivek M: 
I have two questions. First, a broader question to you Rohit. So HUL is a very 
well-run company. But in the last few months that you have spent here, where 
do you think there are still some gaps that you want, that you've identified and 
you want to work on from a next 12-month perspective? If you can elaborate 
on that, that would be useful. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Thanks a lot, Vivek, for the question and happy to speak to you and hope to 
work again also in the future together. So, to your question, I have now been 
immersed last few months, as a designator, in the business meeting different 
customers. Our teams also the branches, and I've been to a factory or two. So, 
I have a sense of really how the business is and seen the impact on the ground. 
So first of all, let me just say that clearly, it's a great business with very, very 
sound fundamentals. I have come back after two decades, but I must say I'm 
very proud of the scale and the quality of the talent we have. I'm very proud of 
the impact we make in the communities through our ‘doing well by doing 
good’ mission. Particularly, I'm also impressed with the portfolio and the 
quality, the discipline of our operations, our supply chain teams. 
So by and large, I would say we have a fundamentally a very strong business 
that's well poised for growth in the long-term story of India, which, as you 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 15 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
know, is very exciting, and we have very strong positions and we should be 
able to leverage and exploit that to grow our company to the next level and 
doing that by fulfilling our mission of what's good for India is good for HUL. 
So, I feel quite good. It's coherent and in good space. Of course, as you look 
forward, the country is at a moment of big inflection. We all know the 
opportunity, the macro tailwinds that are supporting the market. There are lots 
of changes, the clock speed of the country has gone up. We see the 
transformation on what we need to do on the portfolio, in channels and also 
deepening our sustainability and of course, our distinct capabilities and taking 
them to the next level, such as Winning in Many Indias, which I believe is a 
very, very strong moat. 
The digitization agenda, which must go to the next level, especially when it 
comes to our eB2B platforms like Shikhar. So, I see more opportunities than 
gaps, to be honest. And I think I’m in that sense, quite optimistic. I do feel, of 
course, that there will be some jobs to be done like any other business, whether 
it’s to drive the opportunity of portfolio in Skin Care, or to get more and more 
growth in our Health Food Drinks business or for that matter, also expand the 
opportunity we have in the consumer-packaged foods business, which again is 
quite a promising space. So, all in all, I feel pretty optimistic and really it’s 
about us to leverage and exploit the opportunity then to actually fill any gaps. 
Vivek M: 
Great. And Rohit, one follow-up to that. Two portfolios, I want to know your 
specific views. One is the HFD category. And my estimate is that this quarter, 
it would have declined probably mid-single digits in volume terms. And since 
the acquisition, we have seen this portfolio probably performing lower than 
what the expectations were. 
The other bit is Beauty and Personal Care. So, on the Laundry side, you have 
on a phenomenal job over the last decade, but Beauty and Personal still has 
been somewhat lower than what the expectations would have been. So, what 
are your views or problem areas in both these portfolios, any specific views on 
this? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes. If you pull back and let’s take one by one, the two of them that you 
mentioned, I’ll ask Ritesh as well to help  support my thinking. If you look at 
basically the Health Food Drinks, it’s bang on the sweet spot of the portfolio 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 16 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
that worked for Hindustan Unilever. It’s purposeful because it serves to fill the 
deficiency in micronutrients. It has huge opportunity and space for growth 
because only a quarter of our households use it. It’s got a very wide footprint 
where we could drive synergies in distribution and supply chain, which we 
have. 
It's at the moment, on business case when it comes to the cash cumulative 
generation, there is a job to be done when it comes to top line. And here, it's a 
little bit more nuanced. Some parts of the HFD portfolio have, are showing 
growth already. So, I would say that like Boost and some of our more premium 
clinical-based parts of the portfolio are in tailwinds. When it comes to the more 
of the core, which is where the heart of the business it has been impacted over 
the last few years by inflation in milk, but also in its basic cost, and that does 
impact consumption in heartlands. 
That said, we do see penetration growing. We do see market shares growing. 
In that sense, therefore, the business, I believe, is poised for growth, and we 
have to see this more in the longer term, I'm absolutely convinced that this is a 
great fit it's in the sweet spot in heartland of our, what we do well. What we 
now need to do is to make sure we get the relevance increased, and we have 
done that. 
We made attempts for instance, our advertising has gone back to the core 
proposition of sharper, packaging is being improved. We are activating it and 
sampling it quite aggressively. So, we'll stay the course. We keep driving the 
core up in its relevance, will keep running the value up through value-added 
variants and building the portfolio widely, and it's a big brand, and I'm very 
hopeful that in the years to come, this will prove to be a very, very good part 
of our portfolio. So, I'll stop there on the HFD part. 
That's really how I think about HFD. And I think this quarter, for what it's 
worth we grew 10%, largely through price, but this is one of the better quarters 
we've had, and we'll see how the future shapes up. But in the medium to long 
term, we feel confident about the business and we are on it. 
When it comes to the BPC side, let's more specifically on the Beauty Care and 
Personal Care, the two parts of that business. I think we have a very high 
market strength where the relative market shares are high. If you take Skin 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 17 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Care is 4x, on hair, we have a 55-odd share. On Skin Cleansing, we are about, 
we are the largest player. Oral Care, we've talked about that Close up is doing 
quite well. Let's stick to these three big categories. So, if you look at it, we are 
in a very, very strong position. 
And the per capita consumption of all of these categories is low. There is a 
huge opportunity for market development, category growth and also of course, 
huge opportunity for up-trading because consumers in Beauty, in Hair Care 
and even in Personal Wash are willing to upgrade to better formats. 
So specifically speaking, we already start to see in Skin Cleansing growth in 
our Body Wash liquids, its doubling, but it's a small base. So, 10 years down 
the line, that's going to be a very large share of our total Skin Cleansing. We 
feel quite confident about the trends we're seeing in our Skin Care portfolio, 
especially the premium end with Ponds and Lakme. We see tailwinds there, 
and we see growth coming in and high return on investment.And as far as hair 
is concerned, I think we have a beautiful portfolio right from Clinic Plus all the 
way up to TRESemme, and we will keep expanding that to serve the needs of 
consumers at all ends of the market. And here, again, is a beautiful market to 
be in high margin, high growth. 
So, all in all, I feel that, yes, it's true, that Home Care has been a star performer 
in the last decade. But that said, we do have two very large parts of our 
portfolio, BPC & F&R and there's only opportunity for us to leverage into the 
right moves on. And I'm confident that as we go forward, we'll see these 
components also delivering value creation to our company as they have done 
previously as well. I hope that is a comprehensive response to your two 
questions, Vivek. 
Vivek M: 
No, indeed, it was quite detailed. And second, one quick very small question 
on other expenses, Ritesh while you mentioned 20% and royalty impact despite 
that, is there any one-off setting in that number, Ritesh? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, we did have one-off in the base period, Vivek, hence year-on-year 
when look at it, you will see the impact of coming in. If you look at sequentially 
what we had a number of other expenses in the previous quarter, March quarter, 
is very similar. The only item, as I mentioned, (A) the impact of royalty which 
has gotten booked in this quarter. And hence, year-on-year, that royalty and 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 18 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
central expenses that has gone up. But apart from that and impact on the base 
of one-off explains by and large, what has changed year-on-year basis on that 
line. 
Plus, we also have stepped up investment in capabilities, Vivek. And that 
expense also basically shows the amount of investment that we have to bring 
into different parts of the business to dial up capabilities, and there's a 
conscious choice we've done to lean-in on that front as well. So those are the 3 
reasons put together while you see other expenses of where they are. But 
suffice to say, Vivek, we do drive across length and breadth of the P&L of our 
savings agenda, be it trade promotions, be it supply chain cost, be it other costs. 
And we ensure that we are able to balance between generation of savings and 
then deployment of savings, be it on capabilities in overheads & other expenses 
or be it on advertising sales promotion to dial up, as media intensity goes up. 
So that's how we end up managing the P&L across lines. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Percy Panthaki from 
IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Rohit, just to continue the question that Vivek asked in terms of what will be 
your priorities going ahead. One of the things I wanted to sort of put forth to 
you is the Skin Cleansing portfolio. I mean, if I look at it over a fairly long 
period of time, like around 15 years or so, there has been significant market 
share erosion in this. So just wanted to understand, I mean, what is the reason 
why this has happened? And what are we planning to do in order to sort of 
stem this decline and reverse it? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes. Maybe Ritesh can respond to the more near term and then I'll come back 
on how I see the category. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So let me pick up Skin Cleansing and we'll hand over to Rohit on the 
question you asked on long term, how does Rohit see in terms of overall 
evolution of FMCG. 
Skin Cleansing, we did call out Percy. Yes, if I look at last more than a decade, 
our shares are lower compared to what it was at we say a decade or 15 years 
ago. Some parts of that have been portfolio choices, where a part of the 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 19 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
segment, which was not making profit and at the lower end, we did vacate that 
part. That was one reason. 
There were also competitive reason where we lost shares in the initial part of 
the decade and we had called out. The learnings we had were two. Number 
one, product superiority; and number two, dialing up the rigor of Winning in 
Many Indias. And these are the exact two things that we deployed in Skin 
Cleansing where our propositions, LUX, for example, the way we sell LUX in 
North, East and South is different, the fragrance, the proposition and the overall 
mix that gets sold. 
So, we dialed up WiMI, in Skin Cleansing as number one, broad action. 
Number two, we dialed up big-time product superiority, as I mentioned earlier. 
And both these elements of action put together gave us good results. And which 
is why in the last couple of years, our we grew ahead of the market also gained 
shares. So that has been a Skin Cleansing journey over the last 10 - 15 years. 
The focus remains in short term, the focus for Skin Cleansing is very simple 
and clear, maintain competitive price value equation, whilst doing the job, as 
Rohit mentioned earlier, there are vectors like Body Wash, we want to ensure 
that, that starts growing, that's one of the market development cells, how do we 
accelerate growth of segments like that. 
So, maintain price-value equation, dial-up market development part of the 
portfolio and keep doing the job of ensuring that we segment the market as 
Winning in Many Indias and then keep looking at the growth opportunities 
appropriately. 
So that, I would say, will summarize Skin Cleansing, but let me pass over to 
Rohit on long-term overall trends and growth. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes. Thanks, Ritesh. So to your question Percy, Skin Cleansing is a heartline 
of our business. We've all grown up in this company selling a Lifebuoy. So 
that is really, really close to all of us. And I think, so I think over the medium 
to long term, the Skin Cleansing consumption because per capita consumptions 
are low, is going to grow up both in terms of volume and value, because just 
the share nature of the secular effect. 
So, we need as the market leader, our job is to really grow the market. So I see 
3 big levers was to follow. Number one, given that we are almost a $1 billion 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 20 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
business there, our first job is to play the portfolio smartly, which is through 
price segments, central benefit segments, and we have really good brands, as 
you know, right from Lifebuoy, LUX, Dove, Pears, Hamam, Indulekha now as 
well entering the sort of source segment. 
So, first job is to make sure we play the portfolio, full portfolio and make sure 
that we are smart when it comes to price value equation, Winning in Many 
Indias is pretty much what Ritesh spoke. The second point of emphasis is on 
premiumization because consumers are up trading. We do see that on growth 
rates and for instance, in our premium part of the portfolio, where Pears and 
Dove have shown smart growth, and we expect that to continue, so in urban 
areas, for instance. So that's the second driver. 
And the third driver of value is new formats and regimes. So even though it's 
quite small, the shower gels,  growth are doubling, but this will get close to the 
20% mark in the medium term because that's what happens to liquids when 
they become accessible very close to soaps, in terms of cost per wash. 
So, we expect liquids to grow, including regimes like scrubs and bath and 
shower experiences. So, there's a lot of growth that exists in basically getting 
consumers to expand and upgrade their shower experiences. So yes, that's 
really see very optimistic, and we'll continue to drive the innovation in our 
portfolio to leverage these 3 drivers that I mentioned. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. My second question is a little bit more on the near term. So, you 
mentioned in your PPT that soon the pricing growth will become flat or even 
negative on a Y-o-Y basis. So, in light of this, how do you see the volume 
responding? And how do you see the overall sales growth in light of this? Like 
in the longer term, HUL has done a high single digit, 9% type of overall sales 
growth. Do you think that with the pricing being flat, this number is at risk? 
Or do you think that the volume growth would pick up to a high single digit in 
the second half to sort of keep the overall revenue growth in line with the 
longer-term average? And if you think that is the case, then what really will 
drive that change from a 4%, 5% or 3%, 4% to 8%, 9% kind of a number? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Let me pick it up, Percy. So, see, overall, let me start with market to start with. 
This quarter, as we speak, market grew volume in mid-single digit. Same 
period last year, market had declined volumes by 6 percentage. And hence, one 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 21 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
of the things we spoke on the chart when you look at a 2-year number, CAGR 
market volumes are roughly flat over 2 years. As far as HUL is concerned, we 
had 6% volume growth in period last year and a further 3% growth this year. 
So over 2 years, we've grown a 5 percentage of our volumes. 
So, volume trajectory is very strong and robust in comparison to where markets 
are growing. And hence, that's also the reason Percy, why over 2-year period, 
we have substantial outperformance compared to the market. And hence, we 
also gained compared market share in the last 2 years substantially. That's 
number one. Number two, when I look at in short-term here and now, market 
is in transition. The point I was mentioning to Abneesh earlier that whenever 
you see substantial increase in commodity cost and then commodity cost 
comes off, it takes 2-3 quarters for market volumes to recover. 
(A) Trade does destocking, and we have seen across categories anywhere from 
one to three days, trade has destocked because they do want to ensure that they 
are able to get out the high price inventory before they source and they stock 
up lower price inventory. And consumers, of course, end up experiencing the 
lower price inventory a little later. 
You also see the divergence between the price growth that we as a business, 
we declared this quarter, we spoke about 4% price growth to our business, by 
and large, which is coming off the price that we've taken in the previous period. 
Market had shown a price growth in this quarter of 8 percentage. So, there's 
always a lag between what we end up doing as businesses and what market 
ends up showing. 
So, this transition, and I was quoting 3 periods, 2012, 2013 Laundry, year after 
Tea, if I go back to 2007 and 2008, in terms of Skin Cleansing, each of these 
periods, we saw 2-3 quarters, so market will be in transition and the volume 
recovery of the market will be gradual. 
In short term, as we speak, this will be the reality in terms of overall gradual 
volume recovery of the market. Price growth in short term, we called out that 
if commodities remain where they are, I do expect our price growth to be either 
flat or marginally negative. So, the growth for the next couple of quarters will 
be fully led by volume. 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 22 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Now of course, this is a transitionary period. Long term, FMCG industry grows 
by both volume and price. So once the cyclical trends settle in, now, of course, 
that's anybody's guess when the price tables commodity settle in, but we had 
called out at the peak of inflation even in September 22, that commodities are 
cyclical in nature. Ultimately high-price impacts demand, high demand 
impacts price, and they do normalize the curves. And which is why we did see 
that the inflation started moderating of any commodity which had significant 
amount of inflation. 
Now with that getting let me say just stabilize. Hopefully, in near to medium 
terms post some quarters, we should start seeing this equilibrium coming back. 
Coming back, which was a high price growth situation, which was there, let 
me say, last year in several quarters. And a situation now where, as I 
mentioned, next couple of quarters, we do see volume leading growth. And 
hopefully, if commodities do stabilize, hopefully industry goes back to what 
its long-term trends are, roughly 1/3 or 40% comes from price and what about 
2/3 or 60% comes from volume, that equilibrium should start getting 
established. 
Price did lead growth. You've seen our overall numbers in last year as well. 
Last Financial Year, we had roughly 11% - 12% pricing. Now that pricing is 
no more there for the next couple of quarters, and hence, overall amount of 
absolute growth, to your point, will be very different and growth will be led by 
volume. And how much volume we sell, as I mentioned, depends upon this 
transition, how quickly it settles in across different parts of the country, and 
across different categories. 
This, of course, external environment, we spoke about, be it rural demand or 
for it matter, be it weather related uncertainties. We have to put all that into 
mix. But in summary, I do see next couple of quarters to be in transition. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, Ritesh. Thanks very much. That's all for me. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI 
Securities. 
Manoj Menon: 
Team, I know that there's maybe two questions, but allow me to ask three. 
Basically, the first one is actually on the inflation part of it from a consumer 
lens. It's been Ritesh, first of all, I want to thank you for making it very clear 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 23 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
about the interplay between inflation and the volume price elasticity, how the 
consumer sees it. 
Rohit actually from your global experience, if you could actually call out a few 
examples or learning actually on, let's say, how the interplay plays out. Because 
we are in a unique situation in India where from a consumer staples, it's an 
industry point of view, where we have actually seen material inflation in the 
last couple of years versus, let's say, which is not the case from a consumer 
lens 5-6 years prior to that. 
So how do you see actually this, I don't want to call deflation, but let's say, 
lower inflation or deflation from a consumer lens. That's question number one. 
Second actually, on the GSK part of the nutrition part of it, how do you see 
actually the issues which you have as a company in terms of solving the 
consumer problems. 
The third is, it's more of an observation than a question. When I look at more 
of the listed space in consumer staples in India currently, it appears that most 
companies are trying to solve the problem in the premium end, not necessarily 
at the bottom of the pyramid. Let me explain that, for example, at least I don't 
hear from any listed consumer, a staple company talking about, let's say, 
solving the or creating the next Fair and Lovely or Glow and Lovely or the 
Wheel. So, three questions. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Inflation, I think good reflection Manoj you are posing. If you look at market 
price growth, FMCG, over 2 years, we've seen overall as an industry, there has 
been 22% price increase. This is substantial and which is why the impact on 
volumes is no surprise. The point I mentioned earlier, a 5% volume growth on 
the back of a 6% volume decline of the industry. And hence, 2 years CAGR 
has been flat on volume front. That has been the impact of these categories. In 
the meantime, we did see this got more pronounced at the beginning of the 
inflation on discretionary categories. 
Mass Skin Care got impacted, how's Health Food Drinks got impacted where 
the bite was higher and consumers basically did more prioritization on kitchen 
inflation and hence kitchen essentials and they did dial back on discretionary 
category. 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 24 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Now is this and I spoke to the point earlier of elasticity. So, we do see this 
coming up in terms of in the next couple of quarters, we do see gradual 
recovery happening in overall consumption trends. Overall, if I see within the 
portfolio, Skin Care, if I look at Skin Cleansing, Hair, Laundry, bulk of the 
commodities, which impact these parts of the portfolio have seen moderation. 
Of course, the point still remains over 2 years, there is cumulative inflation, 
but it has seen moderation. Income levels to some extent have caught up. Rural 
demand to some extent has got supported because of this inflation getting 
moderated. And equally, the job now has to be on driving more volume and 
driving more consumption. 
That remains the focus area for us. Keeping aside the price elasticity of these 
categories, the job of in medium to long term on market development, on 
making the portfolio more premium on entering high demand spaces. That 
remains a fundamental for us, product superiority, driving WiMI, that remains 
a fundamental for us. And that's a playbook in terms of driving growth in the 
business. So that's basically overall the inflation playbook. And the point I was 
mentioning earlier, there are still parts of the portfolio. 
Milk, Cereals, mostly barley in this case, and Coffee, substantial inflation we 
have seen in these commodities. And like, I'm hoping like crude like vegetable 
oil, these also will be cyclical in nature and these commodities will start 
deflating in times to come. But there's always an interaction of price inflation 
and demand for these commodities. So that interplay we have seen in India, 
we're seeing across the world in many markets, emerging markets. 
At least in India, we don't have a large interplay on currency at this point in 
time. But we've seen in many international markets, Latin American markets, 
currency ends up playing a very large implication on overall inflation and 
hence price tables. Indian rupee after having, I would say, to some extent, 
depreciated last year, the last 6 to 8 months' time, it has remained pretty stable, 
and that has helped overall inflation in the economy. 
As I come to GSK, there have been multiple jobs that we have to do, as I was 
articulating earlier. We had a job of integration, which the job has been pretty 
well executed. Go-to-market has got fully integrated, business has been 
onboarded. We had a job to be done in terms of correcting the price value 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 25 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
equation. We launched sachets and ensured that we're able to increase access 
to sachets and small price point packs  
Market development at scale, almost last year, we spoke about 45 million plus 
home-to-home contacts to ensure that we're able to educate on the benefits of 
Health Food Drinks, where the food palate by and large, is carbohydrate heavy 
and micronutrient deficient, how Horlicks ends up playing a role in supporting 
that and missing that meal plate more balance. So that job of educating and 
increasing the relevance of the category and driving consumption is the single 
biggest focus area. 
As part of that, we did the job of activating Boost across the country, we did 
the job of ensuring that the plus range backed by high sciences has got 
activated, and we're seeing good amount of growth in that part of the business. 
So, in summary, all relevant jobs to be done in terms of building penetration, 
building relevance of the category and boosting consumption has been in play. 
Inflation has played a spoilsport. Earlier, we had a peak of as we acquired the 
business, as you know, we had this was a peak of COVID and post that, a very 
high amount of inflation as a basket overall and then our overall inflation 
impacting in particular HFD category milk essentially. 
So those impacts have overall had a tell on the HFD growth. And you saw in 
this quarter, we had a value growth, but volumes were just below flat, to 
marginal decline. But medium to long term, we do see for this category, our 
ability to build relevance through market development and focus on driving 
growth remains and we are very confident about that. 
Let me hand over to Rohit, on the premium end and the mass segment, how do 
we ever play at both the end FMCG market. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes. Thank you. I think this is to really simplify this. The first point to note is 
that we're a highly penetrated company with reach 9 out of 10 households, 
multiple categories, and we are of the scale because we have over the years 
played the full portfolio. So, from the lower to the middle to the upper price 
segments. 
So, if you look at if you consider that context, the second point is that we are, 
therefore, two big parts of the portfolio. There's a core, which is really what 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 26 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
drives our baseline. And this is all about getting the right what you call 
sometimes mass, but it's basically the one that gets us to every household, gives 
us that reach in distribution in GT, but also in every home. And this is where 
we got to make sure we have the right price quality equation, the right mix,  
right region, which you call WiMI. And this is what drives the fundamental 
baseline of the business. 
This doesn't take away from the fact that as for the growth is coming from the 
premium end, which is about 1/3 of the business now growing faster. And here, 
in fact, much of the focus of our innovations, our A&P spends, our market 
development and our portfolio expansion is happening. So, we are focused on 
both the end and drive the core usership, keep it healthy, keep the baseline 
humming and drive the growth of our premium end because that's the secular 
trend of the market and make the right investment in mixes, innovations, 
market development and portfolio expansion. 
So, I hope this answers your question on how we see these to sort of simplify 
the ends of the business. 
Manoj Menon: 
Thank you, Rohit, and thank you, Ritesh, for response. Sorry, if I may if I can 
push an envelope a bit. Rohit actually, the context I was trying to get from you 
in the call today, this is the first call. When you take a step back and go 2013, 
maybe longer in the history, HUL or Unilever in those days or HLL in those 
days created, a Fair and Lovely, created a Clinic Plus, Wheel etc. 
The context is that today, it appears that the strategy does not necessarily have 
those ingredients saying that, look, we're not going to, let's say, solve the 
problems of bottom of pyramid from a brand point of view, we'll probably 
solve the problem from a, let's say, pricing per unit point of view. That is my 
only question about the premium versus BOP. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes. So I think the what we talked about is, indeed, about 
category expansion. We have, we do have the right brands like Taaza, Wheel, 
Lifebuoy, LUX, Glow and Lovely, these are deeply penetrated solutions, and 
you're right. We want to make sure that they keep serving the consumers in the 
right way, and they still have a lot of runway of growth. When it comes to 
category creation, the category creation is going through the underserved areas, 
new benefits, and we are building brands there, TRESemme is a great example, 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 27 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
excellent vibrant brand did not exist many years ago. Now it has helped us 
increase our market share in the hair category to well over 50. The brand is 
positioned on a new trend, it's a salonization trend and is doing very well. And 
equally, there are brands that will get stretched even for the premium for 
instance Lakme, to solve the beauty needs of every Indian. And there is a 
segment that's emerging that Lakme will serve. So, I think our thesis of growth 
continues to be at the primary level market development, category growth 
because that's a story of India for the next many, many years to come. So yes, 
it is a part of our genetic code. 
 
Manoj Menon: 
And one last thing, if I may ask a follow-up. If Rohit from your global 
experience actually, when a country or a geography which you cover, moves 
from, let's say, significant inflation to lesser inflation to, let's say, deflation or 
rather lower inflation. So how do you manage the P&L? Because these are 
things which are not that easy to handle. 
The reason I'm asking because when I look at India in the last, let's say, 10 
years. India has really not seen material inflation, which I presume most 
consumer staples CEO and CFO would allow to see it because that's where you 
get operating leverage from. In the last few years, you have seen material 
inflation that's been a tailwind in different ways, let's say, in a home care 
segment or digital segment, etc. Now it's actually reversing. So, anything from 
your global experiences on handling the inflation to lesser inflation, stroke 
deflation would be super helpful. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes, I think there's collective knowledge and experience of the company, and 
we've been through cycles in India a few times. And as Ritesh mentioned, 
we've seen analogies of what have happened, of course, it might not exactly be 
the same because things do change in the number of factors that play may be 
different. 
We are, at the moment, specifically focused on driving competitive volume 
growth. That at one level is on the top line job. And at the bottom line, we do 
have tailwind of reducing commodity costs. Some of that we are passing in 
higher A&P investments. We want to keep our brands strong, penetration is 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 28 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
growing. And we do have our productivity program Symphony to drive the 
savings. 
So, it's really about, from a margin point of view, its about driving the levers 
of pricing, mix and cost and we know that machine well. And from a top line 
point of view is to drive volume growth competitively in the quarters to come. 
Thereafter, I think when price returns back to the market or in our categories, 
we will go back to, we hope, the organic trend of about 2/3 volume and  one-
third price but driving volume and mix in any case is absolutely the most 
virtuous thing to do, which is what we focused on at this point. 
Moderator: 
We move on to our next question from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question is your comments around the resurgence of local competition, 
especially in Laundry and Tea. So given, again, your past experience, what do 
you expect here? Does this mean that some of these categories could have a bit 
of a subpar growth for a year as the market conditions normalize? And 
therefore, the market share is normalized between local players and national 
players. And also in Laundry specifically and Tea does it really affect the lower 
end of your portfolio? Or does it also affect the entire price ladder, which 
includes premiumization into your premium brands? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. Thanks. And as you called out, in this period when we have seen a very 
high amount of inflation and inflation high is one element, but second 
important element is huge volatility. And this is a time where the business 
model becomes a little more tricky to manage, and that's the time we have seen 
that players did vacate the market. And now as we have seen commodities 
moderating, we've seen more number of players participating in the market, 
especially small players. The whole conversation comes on the ability to 
manage such amount of variations in the business model. And we have seen 
more players now participating. 
One of the charts that we have put earlier that because of that, we did see in 
Tea in overall Laundry that the small players are growing ahead of the large 
players because there are more players participating in the market. And by and 
large, these conversations is in the lower price point of the market. Now when 
I look at Tea, apart from this the question we mentioned earlier, the current tier 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 29 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Tea commodity cycle led to a  widening of gap between premium tea and loose 
tea. 
In nowhere else across the portfolio, we have seen downgrading happening. 
The point as mentioned quite a few times earlier, we did see consumers seeking 
value and either uptrading or downtrading, but we’re not seeing downgrading 
happening. In tea, given the divergence of premium tea and loose tea, we saw 
consumers downgrading. And we do have brands like Taaza, which has done 
pretty good business. So that's one clear job. 
When it comes to overall price value equation, the interaction usually in this 
part of the market is in the mass segment. There is never an interaction 
between, let me say, a mass brand, let me say, mass brand and a premium 
brand. That interaction doesn't exist. It's usually within the price point. And 
also the fact is the cumulative inflation has been pretty significant. 
The point I mentioned market price per se over a 2-year period has seen 22% 
inflation in terms of price increase. So even in our hard business, we've seen 
cumulative inflation of 18% NMI. So there has been a pretty high amount of 
inflation and hence linked pricing decision. These equations in my mind will 
settle as commodities overall stabilize, the overall segments of the market, they 
become normalized. And then the job that we typically have, the point we 
spoke earlier of price volume balancing to a historical norm, whatever 2/3, 1/3 
60-40 that keeps happening. 
And also mentioned, just to complete Arnab I'm sorry, that over this 2-year 
period, where we've seen the players basically vacating the market. We've seen 
players coming back to the market over 2 years, this inflation period, we have 
grown significantly ahead of the market. And our market shares today are 
higher than what they were before the inflation started kicking in materially. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure. And similar to what you said about the consumer adjusting to the price, 
this market share or, let's say, market forces adjustment, would you expect this 
also to be a 2-3 quarter kind of phenomenon? Or this could be like a full year 
reset where you had gone to a much higher level of share in the market, which 
probably somewhere in looking you started and where you ended last year. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, these players coming back is more of a last couple of quarters 
phenomenon as commodity started moderating. And in our mind where 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 30 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
commodity levels are today, they are by and large, they have got moderated. 
Now something can go up and down, we'll see in times to come. So hence, the  
let me say, more players participating has got fully paid out. 
Now of course, the year-on-year implication in the next few quarters. But 
sequentially, in our mind, I'm saying that players have participated more, so 
that has got played out. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure. Understood. And my last question is on your margin side. So, as you take 
up your A&P spends, if you look back, you had this 11.5% to 12% A&P spend 
for many years. All other things remaining same, should that be the broader 
level of A&P spend that you need to be? To support market development, 
normal market conditions over a period of time. And therefore, if there is any 
expansion in EBITDA margin it would only happen if your Gross margin 
expansion is higher than the level of A&P increase we tried to get to that level. 
So just trying to understand that dynamic between A&P and Gross margin. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Sure. To the point, I mentioned earlier that with the peak of inflation, we did 
have a 600 bps impact on our Gross margin. We built that 400 bps out of that 
in last 3 quarters. And a bulk part of that got invested behind A&P. Now A&P, 
there are always 2 ways we look at it. It is not the percentage turnover that 
typically drives the model, investment model in this space. 
We always look at the reach objective and the frequency objective to ensure 
that we've been able to communicate the messages of our brands to our 
consumers and ensure that innovations land in the marketplace. So, there's 
always a, let me say, a bottom-up way in which we compute is to watch the 
amount of investment that we require in a category or a brand for that matter 
in the quarter. 
Second is always a competitive element where overall media heat goes up, the 
point that I spoke in one of the charts that, we're almost back to 2019 levels 
now where the media intensity has been. That's the second element which 
determines the absolute amount of investment that we got to do in A&P. The 
bottom-line principle still remains, Share of Voice ahead of Share of Market. 
Now with peak inflation, the point I mentioned earlier of in our case, for 
example, 18 percentage. With peak inflation, we had seen overall media 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 31 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
intensity had come down as the price versus cost bleed across industry went 
up. And in our case, we had lower price versus cost bleed at margin. 
So, we have seen at those levels, media intensity came down, which is starting 
to come up. So, will this go from here higher media intensity? I do expect the 
short-term that to further happen, which is why we did call out that if I look at 
next few quarters, the priority remains - single important line of margin 
remains Gross margin. Idea is to keep building gross margin and invest 
competitively behind A&P. 
EBITDA margin for the next few quarters will be an outcome. Now where we 
are at this point in time, 23.6 percentage even last few quarters approximately 
at 23.5 percentage. It's a pretty healthy margin, and which is why our objective 
is to drive gross margin and invest in A&P. EBITDA margin will be an 
outcome of what evolved in terms of development of commodity hence Gross 
margin and what evolves in terms of A&P investment need to maintain SOV 
ahead of SOM. So, it will be more of an outcome of the two, but the focus will 
remain on driving gross margin. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Richard Liu from JM Financial. 
Richard Liu: 
One thing that struck me is that your earlier comments on rural slowdown 
bottoming out seems to be missing from the deck this time around. And 
instead, you introduced a new comment on weather-related issues. Can you 
give a perspective on whether there's any change in your reading of what's 
happening on the ground on rural? And how should we look at the progression 
here on. You need may be more circumspect than before on this front? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Sure, sure. So rural, as you called out for the last few quarters that slowdown 
has bottomed out. And indeed, this time, in fact, we did not repeat that 
comment because we also spoke hard numbers as well. 
Let me summarize 3 or 4 elements, Richard, in rural. First, we had seen in these 
last few last quarter, year, year and a half, double-digit volume decline of the 
rural market. And from that space, as we spoke in the latest quarter, market for 
rural has turned positive and say market was 2% up. Still job to be done. If I 
look at 2 years CAGR, rural has a 4% circa 4% volume decline, but it is 
definitely looking up compared to what it was. 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 32 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
So there are a few elements which are helping this recovery. Where it has 
bottomed out and now it's on the path of recovery. And what's helping this 
recovery. Overall, inflation moderating and hence, overall commodity, we 
have given commodity linked savings we passed on, in terms of volume, in 
terms of price reduction. That is one thing which is helping rural recovery, 
number one. Number two, we are very conscious that government has 
maintained its heightened amount of rural expenditure. That supports overall 
situation of income levels in rural area. Third, the amount of capex, which 
government has committed last fiscal, this fiscal put together, and we have seen 
capex investments going up, including states spending money. And ultimately, 
as that happens, we know the non-farm income does get benefited in the rural 
area. If I look at data for the last few months' time, I do see remittances 
improving. 
 
Rural wages, yet we have seen the point are on a real-term basis, are almost 
flattish. It has a small margin decline as we saw previous quarter. Now it's 
come back to almost being flat on a real basis. So, there are forces which are 
supporting and helping at this point in time on many fronts. The only place 
where we have to watch out is the impact of monsoon and weather-related risk. 
El Nino has come earlier, and we know that when it comes early in the season 
grows more in the season. 
So, we have to see what impact that has. And we know that it's not on the 
quantity of rain, it's also where the rain distribution happens, that's equally 
important. And, timing of the rain is equally important. So, all 3 quantity, 
timing and placement of the rain, all 3 have to work to ensure that the monsoon 
supports the overall agri growth and hence, overall rural growth. 
That is one element is what we called out as part of unknown and all of us need 
to learn and we can watch out. We did see some floods in parts of the country 
in the last few weeks. So that is also a reality we are facing at this point in time. 
And this is why the only single business risk we called out is weather 
everything else is looking good. I've seen data on MNREGA, more 
enrollments, but I'm hoping and assuming that with capex spend, boosting 
remittances, that should help overall the non-farm income component of the 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 33 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
rural economy. So yes. So that's in summary, I would say the encouraging 
signs, weather in my mind, is the only watch out. 
Richard Liu: 
Sorry, Ritesh. Ritesh, second question, and you've alluded to this a bit already, 
but let me try my luck once again on this rather massive growth in other 
expenses this quarter. To put it more simply, this is a line that we are used to 
seeing growing low to mid-single digits. And that's why I'm finding it difficult 
to see this 10% to 15% kind of growth in this line even if I were to strip out the 
impact of the higher royalty. Wanted to get a flavor from you on this step-up 
in growth on this line? And what are the factors that's driving a different but a 
higher level of cost growth versus what we're used to seeing in the past? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
The 2 lines, let me speak, Richard, I know you asked me about line. Let me 
talk about 2 lines. I'll talk about line, which is other expenses, we also talk 
about a line called exceptional items that we are restructuring. So let me start 
with the expenses. Other expenses this quarter is very similar to what we had 
in the last March quarter. In the base period I was responding to Vivek earlier, 
we had a one-off in the base, which impacts the year-on-year read. 
Of course, we had seen salary inflation, which we have passed on to. We have 
done salary increases in the system which was one driver of cost increase. We 
have seen capability investment in the business, which has led to increase in 
cost. You did call out, of course, increase year-on-year on royalty and central 
services. And investments behind capabilities. If I look at even all these 
elements put together, and if you look at total expenses that we have at 
Hindustan Unilever, then I compare across industry, we are still at the lower 
end of the industry benchmark on other expenses. 
So, we are extremely economical the way we run. We have a frugal mindset, 
any cost, which is adding value to consumer gets prioritized. Everything else 
we have extremely frugal mindset. We have savings program to drive cost of 
other expenses also down. To give you an example, look at the distribution 
expenses, it is part of other expenses. One of the items we have spoken about 
our entire job of driving lesser number of kilometers of product needs to travel 
before it gets out to the customer. Items like that we are driving in the system. 
So, we're looking at our infrastructure as part of Nakshatra over distribution 
setup. If I look at overall other expenses, if I look at manufacturing expenses 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 34 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
in supply chain, we called out even in the space of Horlicks which I was 
responding earlier, that one of the jobs that we have, we still have more space 
to go in terms of driving supply chain synergies and cost transformation in area 
of HFD. 
Current quarter, we invested in restructuring expenses to drive better cost 
structures in HFD and we have more work to be done in supply chain in HFD 
to drive cost reduction. And there are other elements in the system we are 
working on. 
So and you will see that those expenses as time comes relevant, whereas part 
of Nakshatra, we will invest restructuring expenses to ensure that we're able to 
lower our supply chain manufacturing cost. Sans the procurement cost of 
materials, and we will drive them down by ensuring that we spend on 
restructuring as required to lower our supply chain expenses. So, you will see 
some amount of movements on these expenses overall. 
But you will see always us being at a benchmark level. Across the industry, 
you will see that we will operate always at the lower end of the industry in 
terms of overall costs that we end up having. Quarter-on-quarter, there'll be 
some puts and takes as explained. But overall, is assured, that's a line which 
has a hawk-eye attention in the organization, and we run with a frugal mindset. 
A. Ravishankar: 
What we'll do now is take one question from the web and then we'll call it time. 
So, there's a question from Latika. On 3 parts to the question. One is what's the 
impact that trade destocking had in the quarter? Second, she says that you 
mentioned, it takes 2 to 3 quarters for consumer behavior to change. 
In some categories like Skin Cleansing, price reduction started 2 quarters ago, 
and Laundry, Shampoos, etc, perhaps it started a quarter back. So, is it 
reasonable to expect volume growth recovering to 6% to 8% in the second half 
of the fiscal? And the third one is around rural and whether our optimism on 
rural recovery is lower versus what it was a quarter ago given the weather risks. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, thanks, let me just pick up the 3 or 4 questions together. So, the trade 
destocking, of course, is always linked to the price change that we end up 
doing. We did speak about price change in the previous quarter. But even in 
current quarter, Latika, we have done price changes in Skin Cleansing and in 
Laundry. And of course, the trade an overall impact of volume recovery and 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 35 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
overall trade impact in pipeline, basically will be 2-3 quarters as we finish 
doing all this job. 
Now where commodities are today. As we saw in current quarter, we have 
spoken a number of small amount marginal amount of deflation effect we saw 
in commodity costs. And which is why in this quarter, we did do price decrease 
of this new price has further landed in the market. If you look at the price 
growth that Nielsen, for example, has spoken, they're talking 8% price growth. 
That's what consumers are paying at this point in time, where we have a 4% 
price growth as we declared our results. 
So, there's still a transition as you speak, happening in the trade, because of the 
latest set of price decreases that we did in the quarter. And that's the point I 
was making that we finished doing these price decreases. And assuming no 
further commodity up and down happens, this is the point where 2-3 quarters 
it will take for overall transition to complete, where trade, which is destocking 
by 1 to 3 days time. Where they're having higher price inventories, they will 
liquidate that. We will then stock of lower price inventory, consumers will end 
up using their higher price inventory pantry stock at home. They will start 
experiencing the lower price inventory. And with the lower price inventory, 
it's also the more volumes that we give it to consumer, and we want them to 
consume higher volumes and then come back with repeat purchase. Now that 
transition of 2-3 quarters it is what will end up taking. The absolute amount of 
volume growth, price, we had already clarified Latika that we see near flat 
stroke marginal negative price growth for the next couple of quarters if 
commodities don't change materially compared to where they are. 
When it comes to volume growth expectations, I think one is be mindful where 
markets are. The point I mentioned earlier, market grew volume at 5 percentage 
on the back of a 6% volume decline in same period last year. 2-year market 
CAGR is near flat. As far as HUL is concerned, we grew our volume by 3% 
this quarter on the back of 6% growth last year's same quarter. So, we had a 2-
year CAGR of 5 percentage. 
I think hence, if I look at next few quarters, the point of transition, I mentioned, 
we will have to see volume recovery and consumers habit coming back in terms 
of more consumption and market growth will, of course, will end up driving 
the amount of volume growth we are able to do on the base that we have against 

 
 
                                                                                                   June Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 36 of 36 
 
Sensitivity: Public
the market base. Once you add those two elements, you will see how things 
play out. Now coming to rural, yes, compared to earlier, I did mention that the 
slowdown has bottomed out. It's on the path of recovery, all right signs in terms 
of macro level. And the only element which is unknown, and we'll know in the 
next few months' time, how that plays out is weather. 
And that's the reason we called out that unknown element. That's the element 
which we got to wait and watch. But if I take that element out, there are many 
factors which are helping in our mind, a rural recovery and which is why we 
did mention that we are optimistic sans the weather concerns. 
So that's how I'll summarize Latika. Sorry, we will not be able to guide you to 
a precise number of volume growth in the next few quarters, but I hope that the 
narrative helped you to gauge where our minds are at this point in time, the 
way we see this panning out. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Ritesh. With that, we will come to an end of the Q&A session. 
Before we end, let me remind you that the playback of this event will be 
available on our website in a short while from now. Thank you, everyone, for 
your participation, and wish you a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
