 
26th May, 2023 
 
The Manager (Listing - CRD) 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001.                                      
Scrip Code: 533151 
The Manager (Listing Department)  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051.                             
SYMBOL:  DBCORP 
 
ISIN:   INE950I01011 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts meet held on Friday, 19th May, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated 15th May, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30, 46 and other 
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Investors / Analysts Meet held on Friday, 19th 
May, 2023. The same has been uploaded on the Company’s website within the stipulated timelines 
at https://www.dbcorpltd.com/financial-results.php  
 
The link to access the said transcript is:  
 
https://storage.googleapis.com/webimages.dbcorp.in/investor/D_B_Corp_Conference_Call_Transcri
pt-Q4_FY23.pdf 
 
We request you to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours truly,   
 
For D.B. Corp Limited 
 
 
 
Anita Gokhale 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
Anita 
Gokhale
Digitally signed 
by Anita Gokhale 
Date: 2023.05.26 
15:51:13 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“DB Corp Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2023 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the DB Corp Limited Q4 and FY2023 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
We have with us today the senior management team of DB Corp Limited, Mr. Pawan 
Agarwal Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Girish Agarwal, Non-Executive Director; Mr. 
Lalit Jain, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Mushtaq Ali, Vice President (F & A); and Mr. 
Prasoon Kumar Pandey, Head, Investor and Media Relations, who will represent DB Corp 
Limited on the call. 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2023, followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note that some 
of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. Documents relating to the company's financial performance 
have already been e-mailed to you and are available on the website of the Stock Exchange 
and the company's Investors section. Trust, you have been able to go through the same. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Pawan Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you very much, everyone, and a very good evening to everyone, and thank you for 
joining the Q4 FY2023 DB Corp Earnings Conference Call. We will begin the call by 
highlighting the key financial performance for the full year and quarter ended March 31, 
2023, followed by key operational updates. 
We concluded fiscal 2023 on an optimistic note with strong results on the back of growth in 
ad revenues across all major markets and circulation. Our print advertising for fiscal FY23 
grew by strong 27% Y-o-Y. Print advertising grew strong 16% Y-o-Y in Q4FY'23. 
Our consolidated EBITDA grew by impressive 34% Y-o-Y. And in Q4FY23 to Rs 889 
million, with margin expanded by 250 basis points despite higher newsprint prices. We've 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
been highlighting over the past few quarters on the strong revival of traditional media and 
this quarter, once again, demonstrated print media as the most credible source amongst 
advertisers, resulting in strong growth in advertising revenues across categories. 
Traditional advertisers, such as real estate, education, white goods and jewellery etc., 
continue to use print as a preferred medium and the auto segment has started to see some 
movement. The Audit Bureau of Circulation Survey for July 2022 to December 2022, 
continues to position Dainik Bhaskar Group as the largest circulated newspaper group in 
India as well as placing Dainik Bhaskar in the top position as the largest circulated 
newspaper in India with a very wide gap with number 2 print player. 
Consolidated full year advertising revenue grew by a strong 25.4% to Rs 14,827 million 
versus Rs 11,827 million of FY2022. Circulation revenue recorded a growth of 1.5% to Rs 
4,627 million against Rs 4,558 million of previous year. Total revenue grew by 21.2% Y-o-
Y to Rs 21,682 million as against Rs 17,885 million. EBITDA grew by 12% to Rs 3,611 
million as against Rs 3,228 million after considering forex loss of Rs 52 million, aided by 
stringent cost control measures and despite high newsprint prices. Consolidated PAT for the 
full year grew by 19% to Rs 1,691 million versus Rs 1,426 million in FY2022 after 
considering forex loss of Rs 60 million.  
In Q4 FY2023, advertising revenues grew by 14.2% Y-o-Y to Rs 3,578 million versus Rs 
3,134 million of Q4 FY2022 on the back of increased ad spend by traditional sectors as 
well as new-age sectors. Circulation revenue remained flat at Rs 1,153 million as against 
rupees Rs 1,152 million of Q4FY2022. However, it may be noted that our circulation teams 
are making strong progress through several campaigns with trade partners as well as our 
readers. 
Total revenue grew by 13.5% Y-o-Y to Rs 5,446 million as against Rs 4,799 million in Q4 
FY'22. EBITDA grew by 34% Y-o-Y to Rs 889 million versus Rs 663 million, with 
EBITDA margin expanded by 250 basis points despite, again, very high newsprint pricing, 
but on the back of our operating cost cutting measures that we took. PAT for the quarter 
grew by 67.3% to Rs 410 million versus Rs 245 million in Q4 FY2022.  
Moving on to our digital business, which has been a key focus area and an important 
vertical in terms of future growth for our business. The company has been steadily growing 
its loyal monthly active user base across it's apps with increase of over 7 times from 2 
million users in January 2022 to more than 14 million in March 2023. Our teams continue 
to work on the digital apps to improve the engagement with users and this is helping overall 
retention of our readers across all formats. 
Coming to the radio division in FY'23, revenues grew by 20% to Rs 1,342 million versus 
Rs 1,122 million last year. EBITDA grew by 28% to Rs 402 million versus Rs 314 million, 
with EBITDA margin at 30% in FY23. Our teams at MYFM continue to work towards 
building strong brand visibility through key tie-ups, local and current affairs and innovative 

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
content to increase audience engagement, which will help us increase our advertising rates 
as well as augmented revenues.  
With this, I would now request Mr. Girish Agarwal to update us on the operations. Over to 
you Girish. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pawan, and good evening, everybody, and thank you for joining us on this call. 
As Pawan stated earlier, we concluded this fiscal on a stronger note with strong Y-o-Y 
growth, especially Indian print media industry is witnessing a strong growth in advertising 
across segments and this is happening across languages Hindi, Gujarati, Telugu, Tamil, 
Marathi, which is very heartening. 
Our key market seems to be doing very well. And as it is evident that in the GST collection, 
it's up by almost 15 - 25% from our market, where Dainik Bhaskar’ operates. Dainik 
Bhaskar editorial strategies and dominant position in these markets has resulted in a strong 
growth of advertising revenues across the board. In addition, the new age sectors, the digital 
players are also using print for their hyperlocal campaigns. 
And we are very optimistic that this trend of increasing revenues will continue in the 
forthcoming quarters. Our radio and digital presence are ever increasing, and we continue 
to innovate our content, improve our omnichannel platform for delivering truthful, crisp and 
pertinent content to our loyal reader base. We've been implementing various cost 
optimization measures, as we have been highlighting over the past few years to ensure that 
these measures keep our cost in control. 
And we're very happy that so far, whatever cost measures we have informed you, we have 
lived by that commitment.  The newsprint prices have also started softening further and as 
indicated in our press release, while newsprint prices were high on a Y-o-Y basis, it has 
started to taper off and the true benefit of this tapering will be visible over the forthcoming 
quarters.  
This is all from our side and my colleagues and I would now be very happy to respond to 
your queries. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question is from Rushabh Shah with O3 PMS. Please go ahead.  
Rushabh Shah: 
I have a couple of questions. We have seen the prices of paper fall and -- which will lead to 
cost savings. So, will we invest the savings in increasing the circulation or more investment 
in digital part of the business? And why so sir? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So please understand whatever savings are coming, that will be further adding on to our 
bottom line, but that is not stopping us from any expansion plan. As I mentioned to you in 
the last quarter also that we are looking at circulation growth, expansion in most of our 
markets, MP, Bihar, Rajasthan, Gujarat. So, we are anyway going ahead with that. We are 
doing it. And also, in digital, we are not leaving anything, any stone unturned over there 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
and that is the reason why we have the huge number of app monthly users and daily users 
also. So please be rest assured that your company has enough bandwidth, enough reserve 
with us to take care of any such requirement and expansion issues. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. And then my second question is, how is the capacity utilization in terms of Ads in 
radio business? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
In radio business, utilization is about 11 minutes in an hour if we look at our entire clock so 
there's still headroom for growth in 30 stations, a lot of headroom for growth in smaller 
station. And bigger stations, we are trying to reduce this in peak hours also. 
Rushabh Shah: 
And then my third question is, is there scope to improve advertising rate in radio or 
newspaper? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, the advertising rate is not one-way traffic. If I can increase the rate, I would have done 
it yesterday only. But it's all process. The market has to respond, advertiser need to feel 
okay about it. And I think it’s a everyday affair of ours to ensure that we are able to push 
our rates a bit. But it's not that simple. So, I hope you will appreciate that. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Last one from my side. Are we seeing intensity of competition increase in newspaper 
business with fall in paper prices? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So frankly speaking, in last 30 years of my career, we have always seen very intensive 
extreme competition in all the markets. And that's why it keeps us on our toes all the time. 
So, we haven't seen any change plus or minus, to be honest. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Amit Khetan with Laburnum Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Khetan: 
So, my first question is on other operating income. There seems to be a substantial jump of 
about 30% quarter-on-quarter. What is driving this? And is this a sustainable number? Or is 
there some one-off element here? 
Girish Agarwal: 
These are the job work done by our production team in various location because, as you 
know, our printing presses are lying idle during the day. And MP Printers one of our 
printing subsidiary is set up in Noida. So, they also do their job well.  All these guys are 
going out and doing higher job. Especially after COVID this whole printing job has 
increased. And also, this bucket has the income from interest on FD. As you know, that 
currently, company is sitting on a Rs 631 crores bank and cash balances. So, a large chunk 
of it is in FD form. So, we get FD income also on this. 
Amit Khetan: 
I'm talking only about the operating part, right, not the other income. Other operating 
income, if I exclude the circulation and the advertising revenue. 
Girish Agarwal: 
I'm talking about that only. I'm talking about the other income, which include job work, and 
it includes the little bit of event income and also FD income and also it includes the wastage 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
from the newsprint sales. 
Amit Khetan: 
Understood. Secondly, we have done a very good job on cost control over the last few 
years. If we exclude newsprint costs, right, how much of our cost structure is variable and 
how much it fixed? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So frankly speaking, if I look at the other cost apart from the manpower, so my Q4 cost is 
around Rs 144 crores. This Rs 144 crores, I can call it, 100% variable. But in a way it's 
fixed because I have to print a number of copies. So, in a large way, I would call it fixed, 
depending on the number of copies, circulation our approach in the market and all. 
Amit Khetan: 
Got it. So, what I'm trying to understand is tomorrow, next year, if your revenue fall 10%, 
how much our cost can fall by? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Okay. I'm going to answer it other way. If my revenue increase is by 10 - 15% next year, 
how much this cost will go up. So let me give you the number. In the Q2, we had a cost 
base of Rs 138 crores. In Q3 because of the festival, the cost went up to Rs 153 crores 
because more number of pages and all that. In Q4, it came down to Rs144 crores. So, our 
idea is to keep these costs under control, which should only increase when my revenue goes 
up, either through circulation or the ad revenue, the number of copies goes up and number 
of pages goes up. And I'm more happy to increase this cost because then I'll print more 
pages for advertising and will incur the cost for that. 
Amit Khetan: 
And lastly, our circulation revenues have been kind of flattish and we would have affected 
some price increases over the course of the year. What would be your loss of copies? And 
how should we think about volume growth from here on? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, our loss of copies in nil. If you look at my Q4 number last year and Q4 number this 
year, I am at the same number, Rs 43 lakh, round. And I have increased the cover price 
from Rs 4.70 to Rs 4.82. So, I have taken a Rs 0.12, which is 3% jump in my cover price 
overall without any loss in the circulation. 
Amit Khetan: 
Got it. And how should we think about volume growth going forward? 
Girish Agarwal: 
As I mentioned in the last call, we are working hard to increase another 2, 3 lakh copies this 
year. And as of now, it looks okay. Let's see how it goes going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pradyumna Choudhary from JM 
Financial. Please go ahead.  
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Congrats on a good Y-o-Y set of numbers and then improving outlook. My first question is 
with regards to the gross margin. So last couple of quarters, we've been seeing a decline in 
newsprint prices, right? So but the same hasn't any translated till now at least and do much 
improvement in our gross margin. Could you throw some light over there? That's my first 
question. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
If you look at the EBITDA margin, in Q2, we were at 16% EBITDA margin. In Q3, we 
went up to 17% EBITDA margin. Now as we sit in Q1, we believe our margin should be 
decently higher than this. When we meet you in the month of July now, we'll give you some 
good news on the margin. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Okay. And like, just trying to understand more from an inventory side, like are we done 
with probably some high cost inventory that we will expect with regards to the newsprint, 
because... 
Girish Agarwal: 
Very much done. Let me give you the newsprint prices trajectory also. In quarter 2 last 
year, we were at Rs 63,500 per ton blended cost of the newsprint of Indian and imported. In 
Q3, it went down to Rs 61,500. In Q4, it went down to Rs 60,000. And as we are sitting in 
Q1, we are hopeful that this Q1 would close at around Rs 57,000. So there has been a 
constant decline in the newsprint cost. And also, this will reflect in the margin going 
forward. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Usually, sir -- like what I'm trying to understand is usually what's the lag period between 
the prices going down and the same getting reflected in our margins. Like just a sense, very 
dot sense. 
Girish Agarwal: 
There is no formula. For example, at one particular point of time, we thought $800 or $850 
was an okay price because market was showing indication for $1,000, and I have entered 
and bought a 6-month stock. After that, market did go to $1,000, but then quickly got 
corrected and came down to $750. 
So, the lag period -- because I bought for 6 months benefited me and stood with me while if 
I don't buy for 15 days 3 days like period or less. So, there's no formula, frankly speaking. 
It's a commodity market and one has to look at that accordingly. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Understood. And my second question relates more to the digital app side. So, like now are 
you in a position to give any updates with regards to strategy over there? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, I can update you saying that we have been pretty good in digital. So generally, what 
happened in digital business, people are dependent on the advertising to take care of the 
digital expenses and give them profit. But what we have seen in the news genres, 
worldwide, especially if you look at the example of New York Times and other 
publications from Sweden and other places, we have seen their dependency is more on the 
subscription rather than the advertising because advertising and digital platform is a 
commodity. So, our focus also is there that we need to go to a subscription, and that's how 
we've been working in last from two, three years' time on that. Making sure that our content 
are really worthwhile for a customer to pay for it. 
And we've been doing multiple experiments in multiple markets and different socio-
economic categories of our readers to see how much they are willing to pay. Are they 
interested in the pay wall or a metered wall or e-paper and all that? What would they pay 

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
for? So, all these experiments are going on from last six to eight months and would take 
another, I think, 8, 10 months more. And one thing I can assure you, we are in very much in 
the right direction. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Understood, sir. And my last question is in regards to the rate of advertising. So, I think it’s 
been four, five years since we last saw an increase by the DAVP. So, are we expecting any 
increase in advertising then, in the next few months, maybe? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I will certainly forward your request and suggestion and apprehension to the Government of 
India to look into it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Naman Dhanuka, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Naman Dhanuka: 
Sir, I recently seen a Billboard  -- is there a new campaign that you’re running in Mumbai? 
And would we share some thoughts on that, please? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So just to let you know, Dainik Bhaskar, as a newspaper has been launched in Mumbai, but 
it is not being launched by DB Corp. As you know that a section of our family runs the 
business in Maharashtra for Hindi. So, they are the ones that have launched in Mumbai, 
obviously, with our support with tie up with us. But no financial involvement of DB Corp 
on that. And they’re doing a good job in Mumbai. 
Naman Dhanuka: 
And secondly, you mentioned that you have Rs 631 crores of cash and cash equivalent and 
you’re also generating reasonable amounts of free cash flow every year. So, if you can just 
explain to us what you plan to do with the excess cash going forward? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I’m happy to inform you today Board decided to announce another interim dividend of Rs 
3. So, this year, we have announced Rs 6 of interim dividend equivalent to almost Rs106 
crores, which is 63% of our PAT. So, as you know, our policy is being very clear that 
unless company needs some more money and all that. Whatever money board approved; we 
announced as a dividend. 
Naman Dhanuka: 
And is there any possibility of doing a buyback, considering that the stock price is where it 
is and you don’t really has need for the excess cash? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We can certainly take your suggestion to the Board in the next meeting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Riya Mehta with Aequitas Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Congratulation for good set of results. My first question is in regard to the digital business. 
So, we’ve been doing really great there and just out of sheer comparison, so I think Dainik 
Bhaskar app as on January ‘22 and May ‘22, we had around 13.6 MAUs. However, 
sequentially, we dropped down to 10.9? Any particular reason? 
Girish Agarwal: 
No, I think you’ve got some number wrong. We have not dropped down from 13 to 10. You 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
were seeing must be in the overall number in our – Pawan correct me if I’m, right? 
Riya Mehta: 
I have it from the presentation. 
Girish Agarwal: 
You’re talking about MAUs, correct? 
Riya Mehta: 
MAUs. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, you are talking about March ‘22 number, correct? 
Riya Mehta: 
Yes. May ‘22, I think. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, that actually was done as a promotion by us for that particular month. There’s no 
reason on that particular month number went up. Otherwise, if you look at my overall 
number, we’ve been maintaining a number of around 16 million to 17 million for Dainik 
Bhaskar and Divya Bhaskar put together. 
And as I mentioned to you, we are doing multiple experiments these days now in terms of 
subscription preparation for going forward. So, we are also experimenting in a particular 
geography, particular socio-economic class to see when I go and ask them that if you have 
to pay for a metered wall, if you have to do something as such and all, how do they 
respond? So maybe a couple of like people here in there keep moving based on that. 
Riya Mehta: 
Because I think in 2022, we had around -- average of around 16.5 to 17, and now we have 
seen around 14 to 15. So that's -- I was a little bit concern. My next question is in line with 
the print. I think sequentially, our raw material prices have been going down. However, 
EBITDA for the print as a whole so in Q2 FY'22, they're 17% and then it will still higher 
and I think Q4 is sequentially decreasing to 15.7%. So, this is an impact of inventory of 
newspaper or any other thing expenses we can read into? 
Girish Agarwal: 
No expenses, all costs under control, which is all about newsprint. And also, what 
happened, the number of pages has gone up in last two quarters because of the more 
inventory of the advertising in the season time. Because last year, if you remember, in this 
quarter, the education results were postponed. So that quarter was not a very strong 
education season. This year, it happened because of that. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. Yes, because the raw materials prices are going down EBITDA was up. And now the 
prices going down and still our EBITDA is going down. So, it's the concern there. 
Girish Agarwal: 
As I had answered earlier question that in the Q1, the EBITDA margin will expand in a 
pretty decent manner. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. And my third question would be in regard to the regional advertisement. 
So, I think in an interview that you've seen 23% volume growth. So, could you elaborate 
more where do you see this coming -- going forward, where do you see growth coming 
from and which segment? And do you see any shift in the segment as a whole? 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
Growth is coming from largely, I would say, barring out few states, most of the states are 
contributing to the growth, number one. Number two, segments are very clear real estate, 
education, jewellery, healthcare, these are the segment government, which are growing 
pretty decently. And our focus is also on these states only -- these states and these 
categories. 
Riya Mehta: 
And did you give some more details on auto. How is auto doing for us, in earlier to some 
Rs 100-odd crores, where is it right now and where do you see it going forward? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So frankly speaking, if you look at the auto number over last year, we have grown. But if I 
see the auto compared to that Rs 100 crores of '19, '20 numbers, we are still far behind 
because most of the auto companies are hardly launching any vehicles. So that's one 
problem we have with them. We're waiting for them to start -- getting the response on the 
market, start selling more vehicles and then they should come and do more launches and 
advertise. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And I think you said that the new age startup companies are investing more with us. 
So, could you give some insight into that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
What happened that generally people used to say that all the digital companies are different, 
they don't look at and all that. So, all these digital companies are also advertising with us, 
all the food delivery guys, all the medicine delivery guys, different apps become advertised 
through us to capture the audience. So that is the reason we tell people that we all these new 
age, so-called advertisers are also looking at print, when it comes to popularizing 
themselves. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, moving forward, correct me if I’ wrong, we would see a similar kind of volume growth 
of 23% to 24% going forward. And in terms of value on yields, it will more or less remain 
constant? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I can only say that we are working very hard. Teams are doing all efforts to ensure that the 
growth comes in the way we are looking at it. Committing on any number could be a futile 
exercise. Because better to deliver and come back to you in the month of July to give you 
the quarter 1 numbers. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And how is FMCG advertisement going? So, it is a small part for us, but it was lower 
FMCG and Lifestyle. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, both are. FMCG is growing but in a very single digit, and Lifestyle is bad, not too bad, 
but still bad. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Bhagyesh Kagalkar with HDFC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
There are two queries here. One is, okay, you'll be aware that New York Times did some 

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
11% growth took them last year $2.31 billion. The second part of interest is that we are 
going to receive $100 million from Google Alphabet, a three-year deal, which you allowed 
them to feature the inverting content. The issue here is I think government has been 
supportive of the Indian print media agreements but nothing concrete has happened so far 
up to. But the big companies sort of, do share something with us eventually. 
Girish Agarwal: 
If you remember last time, I mentioned to you, DNPA, which is a Digital Newspaper 
Association as well as Indian Newspaper Society has already gone and filed a case against 
Google in Competition Commission of India. And since the matter of subjudice, it will not 
be prudent on my part to comment anything on that. But we have taken up the matter with 
the regulator saying that Indian newspapers should be compensated by Google in an 
appropriate manner. 
Bhagyesh Kagalkar: 
Okay. Other question is a general question. Most of the areas in which we operate, now we 
are close to elections, both Lok Sabha as well as Vidhan Sabha elections in the next 12 
months to 18 months, you’d mentioned that there will a boost to the overall economy, small 
guys advertising and everything. Will this include the political party also who will take out 
big ads now onwards because the election will be easier to contest it in the election, 
essentially. So that should give an extra boost to the revenues over time. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Political parties should consider us, in our markets. So that if they are want to communicate 
their message to our millions of readers, do it through us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Yash Rangaswamy with JP Associates. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Rangaswamy: 
First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, I would -- my first question is 
with regards to the digital spend that we have done during the quarter. Can you just throw 
us some light on that, please? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sir, if you remember couple of quarters back, we took the permission from all of you to not 
disclose any specific numbers on digital that our competition should not get any kind of 
information on this front. That's the reason we are not disclosing any specific number on 
the digital. But I would like to assure you that the company is doing everything possible to 
ensure that we get the desired results in the digital platform, and we are working towards it. 
Yash Rangaswamy: 
Okay. And I was just going through the results that have been announced. And I was just 
trying to figure out what the EBITDA margin for print stands at. Because it's not mentioned 
anywhere. I mean, I was looking at the results as well. So, nothing can mention on that 
front. Could you just let us know the number, the margin for the print business alone. 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, in print, the EBITDA margin is 20%. 
Yash Rangaswamy: 
Okay. And just one more question with regards to the government ads, have they come 
back versus what they were before, or are we still -- there's still some ground that needs to 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
be acquired on that front? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We have acquired all the grounds. 
Yash Rangaswamy: 
Okay. So, there's no embargo as such at the moment. 
Girish Agarwal: 
No, sir. 
Yash Rangaswamy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Pradyumna Choudhary from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Just another question was, would you be able to quantify the government Ad revenue end of 
quarter gone by? How much came from government Ad? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, government advertising includes central government, state government, panchayat, all 
the government, local bodies like, Nagar Nigam, state, housing boards and all put together 
as such. If I look at the Q4, the government revenue was around Rs 65 crores. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
Around Rs 65 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Riya Mehta with Aequitas 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
My question is in regard to -- there was a case on the radio business where we have filed a 
counter case for increase in the -- there's some royalty or something to be paid to the main 
label producers or something. Could you elaborate on that? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
We've challenged it in the Supreme Court. The court has admitted our petition. It's under 
consideration of Supreme Court. It's an old case in the entire industry and Supreme Court 
has still there a petition. So, we are pretty hopeful that we get a favourable order from the 
Supreme Court. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And it is unfavourable, what will be the impact on the financials? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
We don't know. 
Girish Agarwal: 
We would not like to comment on that. I hope you will appreciate that. 
Riya Mehta: 
Yes. In regard to the employee cost, I think it will increase significantly on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. So, do we see this similar trend going forward? 
Girish Agarwal: 
When you say significant, what percentage is significant for you, Madam? 
Riya Mehta: 
Percentage of sales which has increased almost 180 basis points that we see on a quarter-
on-quarter basis the employee expenses. So just want your insight on it? 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
Girish Agarwal: 
Manpower cost, if you see Q-on-Q from Rs 100 crores has gone up to Rs 102 crores -- it's 
Rs 103 actually. It's a 3% growth in manpower costs. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay MP as a percentage of sales from India. And in terms of other expenses, which is 
events and all the other ancillary businesses, what kind of margins do we see there and what 
kind of growth? Because last 2 years, I think FY22 and FY23, we've seen significant 
growth in that business. So, going forward, what do you anticipate? And what are the 
margins like in that business? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Margins are in the same range what DB Corp as a company makes largely there. And in 
terms of growth, we are hopeful that this percentage -- higher percentage will continue 
because after COVID, a lot of people have started getting things published. And again, so 
the printing job is doing pretty good. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Mohammed Patel with Care Portfolio Managers Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mohammed Patel: 
My first question is for FY23, can you split the sectoral is for advertisement in education, 
real estate, FMCG, government? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We can give you some flavour. As I mentioned to you for the Q4 government was around 
Rs 65 crores. And response category, which was classified was around Rs 50 crores. Real 
estate, education and automobile put together was around Rs 100 crores. Yes, that are the 
other categories. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Can you give the same number for full year FY23? Percentage is also fine. 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, if you go by percentage of last year, so government was around 15%, education, real 
estate, automobile put together around 30%. and response category another 15%. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. My second question is, are you expecting any city addition launches to add volume 
growth in the near term? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sorry, I couldn't understand it. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Any city addition launches -- adding new cities -- I mean adding new additions to increase 
of volume growth. 
Girish Agarwal: 
We are expanding within our territory, within our geography. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. My next question is, can we expect the gross margin revival to historical levels 
starting FY '24? 
Girish Agarwal: 
That's what we are working towards. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. And what is the average circulation volume number for full year FY'23 versus FY 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
'22? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Almost 42.5 for full year. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Subscription includes e-paper and I was just thinking, so if that is shared on a social media 
app. So how do we tackle that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
No, we don't -- so there is a high court order now where the e-paper circulation is illegal. 
So, whenever we come to know about few cases, we take them to the complaint of the 
police station and they correct themselves because there are some excited lot. Those who 
make a group and every morning they copy the e-papers and circulate to all the groups. I'm 
sure you would also be a member of one of them groups. So, these excited lots whenever 
we come to know about them. We send them the legal notice and then they correct 
themselves. 
Mohammed Patel: 
And my last question. So, you prefer a subscription over advertisement. So, if you can just 
throw your earlier thoughts on why you believe on this? 
Girish Agarwal: 
It's not about my preference, is that how the news apps worldwide, the successful ones have 
emerged. And when we look at and review in the same context the Indian market, we also 
believe there is a way forward because advertising on the digital platform is a commodity. 
So why would somebody come and pay me a premium for advertising, the other point. 
And if my reader is -- see advertising in a newspaper or in a digital format have a different 
co-relevance. In a newspaper, I'm emerged in a particular news in a particular paper and the 
advertising on the side of it. While in digital, advertising is in a in my face kind, you are 
including in my reading pleasure there. 
There's the reason as a consumer, people -- nobody appreciates advertising on digital 
platform or even television platform. If you look at IPL, suddenly I'm watching something 
seriously and it goes off and somebody comes and saying that why don't you buy this 
candy? They are upsetting me. 
While in print, that was in a very decent manner. I'm reading my article there's an ad place 
here. That's the reason we believe that if a reader has to pay for an app to use that going 
forward. He doesn't want all this kind of nonsense there. You want to read your e-paper or 
your paper when you read your newspaper. There we are not very comfortable with putting 
lot of ads over there and irritate the consumer. 
Mohammed Patel: 
Okay. Can we expect some news from contribution from digital business starting FY24? 
Girish Agarwal: 
I think it's too early. Larger things take time, and we want to give time to our readers so that 
they also get used to us and then show us larger benefits going forward. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Ankit Shah with White Equity Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
Ankit Shah: 
I just have one question on the margin. How would we see the trajectory of digital business 
investment in FY24? And in this context, how would the margin trajectory of the company 
look like in FY24? 
Girish Agarwal: 
See the advertising growth in print as well as the newsprint prices going down will help me 
improve my EBITDA margin considerably. At the same time, whatever investment we have 
to do in digital that will continue there. But since digital also is maturing now in terms of 
their requirements, so they won't need major help from us going forward. So that way, 
whatever savings print has, will add on to the overall margin of the company. 
Ankit Shah: 
Okay. So would it be fair to assume that the spend on digital business may not rise further. 
So, let's say, if we were at Rs 100. Next year, it may not cross Rs 100? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, you can kind of assume that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for your participation and time on these earnings call today. I hope 
that we've responded to your queries and we will always be happy to be of assistance 
through our Investor Relations department headed by Mr. Prasoon Kumar Pandey, for all 
your further queries. Thank you, and have a great evening. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DB Corp Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
