 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/25/2023-24 
 
05th June, 2023 
 
To 
To 
The Manager
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services,
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip ID     : OAL
Symbol: OAL
Scrip Code: 500078
Series   : EQ
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 29.05.2023, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Wednesday, May 31, 2023 at 02.00 p.m. to discuss the 
Financial Performance of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023, please find attached 
herewith transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information  on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
Kiranpreet Gill 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL
Digitally signed by KIRANPREET 
KAUR GILL 
Date: 2023.06.05 13:17:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Oriental Aromatics Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
May 31, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Oriental Aromatics Limited Q4 FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Oriental Aromatics Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings 
call for the fourth quarter and financial year ending 2023.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements 
made in today’s earnings call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from 
those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as assumptions 
made by information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. Dharmil Bodani – 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Parag Satoskar – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Girish 
Khandelwal – Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Kiranpreet Gill – Company Secretary. Without 
much delay I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to give his opening remarks. Thank you and over to 
you, Dharmil. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much and good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. It is our pleasure to welcome 
you all to the earnings conference call to discuss the results of the quarter and the financial 
year ended 31st March 2023. Thank you for joining us today once again. I would like to now 
request, Mr. Girish Khandelwal our CFO to give the financial highlights for the quarter and the 
financial year ended 31st March 2023. Thank you. Girish Over to you. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you very much Dharmil. Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome you all for 
the conference call. I would like to focus on the operating performance of the company. Let 
me first take you through our consolidated performance for the quarter. The operating 
revenue for the quarter was Rs. 195.3 crore which was an decrease of approximately 3.7% on 
a year-on-year basis and 2.1% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Operating EBITDA reported was 
Rs. 9.3 crore decreased as compared to Rs. 14.10 crore in the previous quarter and 22.10 crore 
in the corresponding quarter. Operating EBITDA margin stood at 4.76% as compared to 7.07% 
in the previous quarter. Net profit after tax reported was Rs. 1.2 crore decreased as compared 
to 3.8 crore in the previous quarter and Rs. 10.5 crore in the corresponding quarter. While PAT 
margins were 0.61% which was a decrease of 130 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 
Coming to the FY2023 performance on a consolidated basis the operating revenue was 849.1 
crore which was an decrease of approximately 2.30% on a year-on-year basis. Operating EBITA 
reported was Rs. 54.20 crore decreased as compared to Rs. 92.5 crore in the corresponding 
FY22. Operating EBITDA margins stood at 6.38%. Net profit after tax reported was 19.70 crore 
decreased as compared to Rs. 53.3 crore in the corresponding FY22 while PAT margins were 
2.32% which was a decrease of 381 basis points on the year-on-year basis. During the year 
manufacturing and operating cost has gone up by Rs. 6.82 crore which is mainly due to increase 
in the power cost by 5.46 crore and if we look at the finance cost, so the finance cost has 
increased by rupees 8.98 crore due to the higher utilization of working capital borrowing and 
increase in interest rates as compared to the previous year. Finance cost also includes the forex 
loss of 2.09 crore as against the 0.86 crore in the previous year.  
 
Now, come on the cash flow performance. So, during the year cash profit stood Rs. 39.17 crore 
is compared to 70.31 crore in the previous year. The net operating cash flow was minus 22.30 
crore as compared to minus Rs 0.81 crore in FY22. The decrease in the operating cash flow is 
mainly driven by the higher cash investment in the working capital requirement. Net debt 
equity ratio stood at 0.34 from 0.21 as compared to the previous year FY22. ROCE for FY23 
stood at 5.32% as compared to 12.5% in the year FY22. Thank you. With this, we can now open 
the floor for the questions and answer session. Over to you, Anuj. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir can you please talk about how is the demand scenario in Aroma Chemicals and camphor 
currently and when do you expect the demand to pick up for these products? 
Parag Satoskar: 
I will talk about the camphor when it comes to camphor in the local market primarily the fourth 
quarter is always a bit of off season. So, we will have to see how the demand picks up in Q1 
and Q2 because that is when the season starts and I think that is when the efficiencies of the 
new capacities that have come online will really be tested. So with relation to camphor locally 
I think this is the situation where we need to wait and watch. When it comes to the terpene 

 
Page 3 of 14 
chemicals as well as the specialty aroma ingredients I think demand in India is stable, but if you 
look at global demands global demand is extremely subdued primarily driven by the factors 
like overstocking in supply chains all across the world as well as certain recessionary trends that 
we are seeing in the European and the American markets. So, at least for the next two to three 
quarters going forward I think we feel that the demand will stay a bit soft till we reach some 
levels of stabilization because I do not see a substantial destruction and demand, but I only see 
a lag that is being created because of the excess stocking in the supply chain. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, the kind of destruction in margins that we have seen in last year so can that also be 
attributed to the dumping from China or it was largely to do with demand itself was down? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So I think again the reason I mean if you look at the three divisions that we have. Our fragrance 
and flavor division seems to be doing extremely well. I mean we have had close to 50% quarter-
on-quarter growth in terms of our production volumes and almost 30% increase in our sales 
volume, but when it comes to camphor locally like I said that there are a variety of negative 
factors. The competitive landscape has changed with a lot of new players coming with new 
capacity and old players increasing capacity and all of them primarily coming online in Q3 and 
Q4 which is relatively softer part of the demand in terms of year. So, going forward we will 
have to see what happens, but there is a tremendous pressure on the selling price because of 
this oversupply of camphor in the market and globally be it camphor, be in terpene chemicals 
or be it specialty aroma ingredients like I said that there is a softness in demand. Our customers 
have the RFQ's that we were allocated for H1. I think they have been kind of honored to the 
extent of between 60% to 70% and the balance have either been postponed or they have been 
cancelled. So, I think that kind of puts pressure because we have a lot of inventory buildup 
which is relatively high cost. So, I think if you put all these factors together there seems to be 
a kind of a mixture of a lot of negative factors which are putting pressure on the demand which 
are putting pressure on the sale price and that is impacting profitability as well as stock. 
Ankit Gupta: 
My last question was on into the capex all the three Brownfield as well as the Greenfield CAPEX 
given in the presentation that they will get completed by end of FY24, so you know post all the 
CAPEX being completed and the kind of fall in realization that we have seen in Aroma chemicals 
and camphor, so what kind of top line can we expect at optimal capacity utilization whenever 
we reach let us say in two, three years, what kind of revenue can we generate with all the 
capacities put together? 
Dharmil Bodani:  
So, Ankit the answer to this has been given in the previous call we request you to refer that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, my first question Parag said we are seeing very subdued demand in the Aroma chemicals, 
but we have a very large product basket, so are we experiencing this kind of a slowdown across 

 
Page 4 of 14 
all products and if so is it only the inventory part which is playing the role or even the supply 
side from China has come back strongly and that is what is hurting us, can you throw some light 
on that? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Parag I will take the first part of the question and you can take the second part. On the first 
part of the question yes we have a large range of specialty chemicals and generic bulk aroma 
chemicals. A fragrance or a flavor like we may not have explained in the past is a recipe or a 
formulation. So, formulations and recipes use all the ingredients that we manufacture. So, the 
slowdown if it comes, it comes across the board. So, it is not chemical specific. If the demand 
of fragrances does slow down the use of aroma chemicals both bulk and generic do slow down 
and therefore the impact is felt across the board. Parag you can take the second part. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think Dharmil has rightly answered that when you look at a fragrance. A fragrance gets 
created with all these materials which are the generic specialties as well as the bulk 
commodities. And definitely I think the Chinese capacity coming online and the Chinese 
manufacturers being active after a while plays a role in terms of the ability of the customer to 
negotiate a little more harder than what they were doing in the past two years. So, yes it makes 
an impact. Having said that, I think our product development philosophy has always factored  
the Chinese I think in a steady state of business our product development philosophy and our 
product development plan has factored the presence of Chinese competitors and we will still 
be able to coexist. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Second question is I think for FY23 we had tied it for around 8% to 9% kind of a margin, but we 
ended Q4 with much lower margin, so going forward given that the demand environment is 
challenging, do we expect to have a 10% margin or lower or higher any guidance on that? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think Dhwanil to be very honest in the 25 odd years that I have been in this space I think 
we find ourselves in a very unique position where everything is down where the raw material 
prices are down where the demand is down, where the forecasts are down and the cost of 
borrowing money is up so there is a lot of pressure for releasing generating cash by reducing 
inventories. So, I think it will probably be very challenging to really give you a very definitive 
answers. I am sure we are taking all the steps that are possible internally to ensure that we stay 
at the maximum profitable level even in these current situation and when situation stabilizes 
which I am sure it will over the next few quarters and when it does we will be in a position to 
kind of get at some at better margins.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat Sethia from I thought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajat Sethia: 
So with regards to camphor you mentioned that there is oversupply that happened, so is it 
possible to quantify at the industry level what is this oversupply, how much is this oversupply? 

 
Page 5 of 14 
Parag Satoskar: 
It is a bit challenging in terms of quantifying the exact camphor supply and demand because a 
lot of the new capacities that have added up are not publishing their capacities in the public 
domain. Having said that, if you look at camphor as a product, it is not something which is 
having phenomenal CAGR growth. So, we will need to see at the end of this season as to what 
are these capacities that have come up are really eligible and capable of supplying to the 
market. And the prices at which it is being supplied today, which according to us is completely 
unsustainable and is probably kind of not feasible. So, how long can these unsustainable prices 
be maintained. So, I think it is something which we will probably be in a much better position 
to evaluate and answer two, three quarters down the line.  
Rajat Sethia: 
So is this something that you would say that happens every few years I mean every few years 
industry players come up with huge supply because last few quarters were very rewarding, is 
this how it is in camphor industry? 
Parag Satoskar: 
What I feel is I think camphor probably add a good run for the past three to four years starting 
with 2018 when the raw material prices shot up and all the camphor manufacturers in India 
found themselves in a very sweet spot where we had a lot of low-cost inventory and we were 
able to pass the price increases to the customers who eventually then led to the street size of 
camphor on the on the street increasing. So, I think and post that I think camphor was looked 
upon as a remedy for COVID. So, I think the industry had a good run for three to four years and 
I think the money or the cash that was accumulated according to our estimates has gotten 
invested in building brand new capacity of camphor without really having a look at whether it 
is sustainable or not from a CAGR perspective. So I think that is the reason why this is a little 
different than what it has been in the past and I think this combined with a global situation 
where the requirement for pinene is historically down because the aroma ingredient 
requirement has also come. So, I think there are a lot of factors which are kind of favorable for 
a price reduction which have happened altogether. Having said that, I think the current prices 
that are being offered are absolutely unsustainable because although there is reduction in the 
price of alpha-Pinene, but what has been currently offered in the market is the alpha-Pinene 
that probably will be reaching our plans not before September. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kiran Chheda from Chheda Investment 
Consultancy. Please go ahead. 
Kiran Chheda: 
Sir, I just saw their inventories the inventories have short up substantially almost by 30% from 
the previous year last March to this March, so what exactly is the breakup raw material work 
in process and finished goods please?  
Parag Satoskar: 
I think across the board be it the raw materials, be it the semi finished goods as well as the 
finished good. I think we have seen a ramp up in the inventories because normally if you want 
to run these gigantic plans you kind of go with a three or a four month inventory procurement 
plan and hence I think a lot of your raw materials for 4 to 5 month are either they have reached 

 
Page 6 of 14 
your plant or they are in the ship or they are at the suppliers side ready to be dispatched. So 
any course correction in inventory probably will come with a lag of 4 to 5 month and all our 
inventory procurement happened in October and November 2022 when we received our RFQ's 
for H1 2023. Now the inventory pile up has primarily happened because of a lot of our global 
customers postponing their procurements or procure postponing their allocation which they 
have given to us which has resulted in the inventory piling up which was planned for them and 
apart from that because of the slowdown in Europe and America because of the pile up of 
inventories at their end. We are seeing that spot procurement also has kind of diminished 
substantially in the quarter that has gone by. So, all these factors put together the outcome is 
that we have ended up higher inventory and I think that kind of is very common currently across 
the board in our industry. 
Kiran Chheda: 
It is almost 5 and half months of annual turnover that is really substantial and when do you 
think the situation could become more like normal for this? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So I think like I said when it comes to the camphor and terpene chemical space we probably 
will have to kind of wait out at least for the next two to three quarter before we come to know 
what is exactly going to be your picture and I think from the feedback that we are getting on 
our customers and the kind of quantities that we are receiving for the H2 RFQ's we feel that 
we are another two to three quarters away from some level of stabilization in the specialty 
aroma ingredient space as well whereas I think on the fragrance side we are seeing a much a 
much different story where there is very strong demand especially in the markets that we 
operate and there is good support for our products. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I think, Parag I would like to intervene here. I think more than strong demand I want to rephrase 
that. I think the wins that Oriental Aromatics is getting in the fragrance and flavor area is a lot 
more and if you go back to our earlier calls we would have mentioned to you that we are 
participating in lot more projects and this is actually the reason why the fragrance division is 
growing. I am not sure whether the industry overall is growing. I think there is a lot of musical 
chairs in the business which is changing from A to B. So, our gain in volume and value in the 
fragrance and flavor division does not necessarily mean that the industry is growing. 
Kiran Chheda: 
Any guidance for the current year Mr. Dharmil please? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
In guidance what guidance? 
Kiran Chheda: 
The turnover and the financial? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I do not want to at this point give a guidance because as Parag has mentioned we are seeing 
unusual drop in prices of raw materials on the chemical side and the guidance I would like to 
give you is that it is going to be a challenging next two or three quarter till we see a stabilization. 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Karpe from Shriram Life Insurance. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijay Karpe: 
My question pertaining to the camphor industry, so we talked about the oversupply, which is 
there, so when do we expect these new capacities to be fully absorbed? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Well to be very honest I think these capacities probably have kind of surfaced in the last six 
months or so. So, we will have to first look at their quality and a lot of the other aspects going 
into the going forward, I think the kind of numbers that are floating around because we do not 
have the exact numbers of the others we know what we produce. I think there is a significant 
over capacity which will take a while to be absorbed if all of them come online and all of them 
have to be sold in the market. 
Vijay Karpe: 
Any number that you can put to it like one year, two years? 
Parag Satoskar: 
I am not so sure. So that is the reason why I mean I am sure about my capacity, but I am not 
very sure about the capacities of the others because those are numbers which are flying in the 
air. So, I do not want to make any judgments based on the numbers that I do not have, but 
assuming that those numbers are true it is much longer than one or two years. 
Vijay Karpe: 
And the second question is we supply camphor as a solvent to our clients, so just wanted to 
understand the percentage of camphor that goes into the end products like your paints, 
adhesives, toothpaste in terms of volume and value a rough estimate if possible? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, Vijay primarily I think the camphor application the biggest application at least in India is in 
the religious and the praying space. So, where it is used directly in the form of formulated 
product like a tablet or a slab. I think the other two applications are in pain management which 
is where it is used in certain medicinal products or OTC products where it depends on the 
formulation and I am not privy to that information and the third application is primarily in cold 
and flu management where it is used as part of inhalers or so again I think in terms of the 
composition that goes there I am not very privy to that information, but these are primarily the 
three applications where camphor is sourced. 
Vijay Karpe: 
What about paints? 
Parag Satoskar: 
It is to the best of my knowledge it is not used in paints. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagaraj from Centrum Broking Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
Again delving a little bit on camphor, just wanted to have an understanding in terms of the 
growth avenues incrementally from different segments, so including the devotional segment 
and the traditional as well as the three segments that you talked about what is the kind of 

 
Page 8 of 14 
domestic growth rate or global growth rate we are talking about and alike question to that I 
understand the alpha pinene, beta pinene availability is relatively scarce, so what has changed 
in terms of availability of the raw material dynamics from a particular geography because of 
which those newer capacities have come in? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, primarily to answer your question because there are no formal studies that are done for 
the increase in the CAGR growth for camphor in the devotional space again based on the here 
say that we hear from a certain smaller consumer insight study it is at a low single digit CAGR 
growth so it is not a product where there is a substantial growth rate. Having said that, I think 
there is a healthy double digit CAGR growth in the pain management and the flu management 
space primarily driven by the ability of the world getting either old or trying to become more 
fit by doing more exercise, so more prone to kind of having bruises or you know kind of pain in 
the in the joints. So, these are the kind of broadly the numbers that we have when we are doing 
our internal calculations. I think when it comes to the alpha pinene availability it is a very unique 
commodity where you have a lot of pine trees in the world and they get tapped based on the 
demand and the supply. And primarily from a demand perspective alpha pinene gets used 
primarily in aroma ingredients or in camphor and certain terpene chemicals and the supply side 
is normally depending on what is the demand and since the offtake in like I mentioned earlier 
in aroma ingredients as well as camphor as well as terpene chemicals is showing a substantial 
drop. Although the commodity can be considered as scarce when the price goes up I mean 
right now the commodities available in abundance and so the prices are crashed. It is more like 
oil to give you a very loose comparison it is a commodity which is a natural commodity. It can 
be taken out depending on the demand and that the price of taking out is fixed. So, if the 
demand is there then it will be taken otherwise the pine trees are not tapped. 
Rohit Nagaraj: 
And my second question is in terms of camphor pricing, so just a perspective from maybe past 
decade or 15 years how the prices have moved up in terms of the peak prices, trough prices 
and more stable prices? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think if the camphor industry per say if you look at pre 2021 was a pretty balanced industry 
where there was no substantial capacity addition and there was no substantial capacity 
deletion. I think one major change that happened was till around 2018 you had around 3,000 
tons of camphor which used to be imported from China that when the capacities in India 
increased by just process reengineering or smaller expansions I think the Indian manufacturers 
were able to cobble up that that particular and so the Chinese imports stopped, but apart from 
that I think it was a pretty stable pricing and the main factor for the price increase or drop was 
the global alpha pinene prices which were not driven by camphor, but which were driven by 
some other factors like the gum rosen prices globally or the demand of alpha pinene in the 
aroma ingredients too. So, if you look at the last 10 to 15 years situation camphor prices always 
used to stay stable when the pinene prices were stable and there was rarely a situation where 
there was extreme oversupply in the market. I think that has changed post 2021 when people 

 
Page 9 of 14 
have really gone ahead and built this capacity and so the situation is a little different than what 
it has ever been in the last 10, 15 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Just wanted to check on that capexhow much capex is left in Baroda, Bareilly and Mahad and 
how are we planning to fund that? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
In Baroda our balance CAPEX is around say 100 crore and for that we are going to take the 
dates of around 70 crores, 75 crores and for Mahad our expected project cost is around the 92 
to 100 crore and for debt also we are going to take the debt of 75% of the total project cost. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, in Bareilly anything which is left here as well? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Bareilly is a very small amount so 6 crores to 7 crore CAPEX is remained there. So, all together 
we are going to take 70% to 75% debt. 
Ankit Gupta: 
So, 200, 205 crore kind of CAPEX we are planning to do in FY24 I think as you have mentioned 
in the presentation that the entire CAPEX will come in this year only FY24? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Yeah correct.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Parag or even Dharmil given the kind of subdued demand that we are seeing currently how do 
you think you know that can impact the offtake for our capex when we completed by end of 
next year by the end of FY24? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think like I said that in terms of the sustainability of these materials going forward because 
we do not see a substantial destruction in demand by the virtue that none of us have actually 
stopped taking a bath or none of us has actually stopped using a detergent in a washing 
machine except some legislations which we are hearing which are coming in America where to 
prevent drought we are reducing the detergent cycles. So, it might have an impact on the 
detergent because of which it might have an impact on the fragrance, but apart from that I do 
not see a very substantial and a permanent destruction in demand. I think what we are seeing 
is kind of a recalibration because the industry is very raw material dependent for performance 
and so when there were supply chain hiccups in 2021 and 2020 the industry went ahead and 
overbought and then that was followed by a recessionary trend in the major consumer markets 
and so the industry will need two to three quarters of stabilization. I think we probably would 
be ready with our plans by then and hopefully with no further shocks happening we should see 
a steady demand situation, which is what we have forecasted when we did our financial and 
production planning for the new plants. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive shares. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Ohri: 
I understand that we are still in the VUCA world and there are quite a lot of negatives which 
are there in our market, but what I wanted to understand was the strategy that we will be 
going forward with the upcoming year whether this will be a volume based or will it be a 
profitable volume based? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Can you ask the question again I mean if I have understood your question correctly you are 
saying that as a company will our focus be on volumes or will our focus be on profitable 
volumes. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Yes sir. 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I mean as an internal philosophy Oriental Aromatics always believes in the philosophy of 
profitable growth. So, we will continue and strive to ensure that by whatever means possible 
in terms of efficient raw material procurement, reduction in our conversion costs or process 
reengineering we will try to ensure that we continue to stay as profitable as possible in the 
context of the market and continue to sell. 
Rohit Ohri: 
And we will be at par with the FY22-23 kind of revenue, is it fair to assume that or do we see a 
slight decline in that? 
Parag Satoskar: 
I think like Dharmil has also mentioned that like too much of looking into a crystal ball because 
we are seeing a substantial attack on our sales price which will impact the top line and the 
slowness will impact our volumes and although there is reduction in the raw material costs, 
but if because of the excess supply if the selling price starts reducing even further we might 
have. So, I think putting all this together we probably will be in a more clear position to answer 
that two to three quarters. Having said that, I think one thing is for sure that it is going to be a 
tough year and we have to be resilient and we have to be watchful and we are taking all the 
precautionary steps that are taken.  
Rohit Ohri: 
My second question is related to the declining ratios and the ROE and ROCE and we currently 
are in the trough phase, so by when do you think that we start inching towards the recovery 
mode or maybe towards the expansion maybe in like 6 quarters or maybe 8 quarters so that 
the trajectory start moving towards the north there? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I mean to answer your question I probably will divide it into two parts. I will probably divide 
it into the first phase which will be the next three to four quarters where we will probably know 
directionally where is our fragrance division, our specialty aroma ingredients and camphor and 
terpene chemicals division and I think because in those three to four quarters we will also have 
substantial new product lines as well as capacity is added up and I think once we are at that 

 
Page 11 of 14 
phase then we will be in a position to look at the next four quarters and see if there is a stable 
business environment then we should be in a position to kind of achieve the stable EBITDA that 
we always been talking. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of  Saket Saurabh an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Saket Saurabh: 
So first question the two divisions that are currently struggling like camphor and specialty, so 
are we breaking even on operating level at least or we are making loss there? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think if you look at the specialty aroma Ingredients division we are in fact breaking even 
on both the sides as well, but I think there is a lot of pressure in terms of margins more on the 
camphor and the terpene chemical space for now then probably it is on the specialty aroma 
ingredients, but we are kind of breaking even as of now. 
Saket Saurabh: 
And when you are saying breaking even it is at EBITDA level or gross margin level? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
At the EBITDA. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Now second question is to Dharmil and last calls also we discussed that it seems to have slow 
down that we are into might also have some structural aspect even that increased competition, 
but what are for the strategic initiatives the big things that we are trying to do say at a company 
level navigate through these things because right now it seems that we are waiting for things 
to happen and I understand that this is a complex scenario, but like say some of the peers when 
I see they have gotten into long term contract or some are trying to talking about you know 
long term RFP's with some major customers, so just wanted to explore what are we say 
exploring to really see if in case this becomes structural, do we have some bigger ideas or bigger 
plan to navigate this because what I see and I am an investor in this company since camphor 
days or camphor allied days so our free cash flow sooner or later it is very volatile in fact last 
three years it has been negative, so any ideas or thoughts that you can share with us investor 
just to get a sense to get some comfort of things that we are doing to address some of these 
concerns maybe when it is say for the near or the long term beyond of course just outlining 
capex plans and all those things? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think to probably answer your question Saket I think we are looking at these challenges as 
a very big opportunity for our fragrance and flavor division. Dharmil has just said that the team 
there has done extremely well and we have kind of managed some very interesting strategic 
wins in that segment and these wins are with extremely large FMCG companies in India and 
abroad. So, I think that that is something where we are kind of in fact looking at this challenge 
as an opportunity and also the ability of being probably with the very few companies in the 
world who are backward integrated using all our strengths of the ingredients division to get 
more and more wins in the fragrance business is something which is a very, very important 
strategic move which was for many years in building and now it is in play. I think apart from 

 
Page 12 of 14 
that about the RFQ's I think when the customers have kind of picked up only 60% to 65% of 
their committed allocations to really go and ask them for longer allocations probably it is 
something which is at least in the current situation is not going to happen. When the 
stabilization comes we will definitely try to use that, but till the time that the external factors 
are looking a little challenging on the ingredient side. However, they are very, very positive on 
the fragrance side. On the ingredient side we are looking a lot of things that we can do 
structurally internally. So, we as management are spending a lot of time internally in our plants. 
We are looking at our processes, we are looking at our thoughts, we are looking at productivity 
at each level and that is how we are trying to differentiate ourselves because as we say that 
there is no destruction in demand. So, when the demand comes back we want to be a very 
leaner, meaner machine to go and fight in the market. So, these are the two strategic moves 
we are not very keen on the external side. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
And Parag I would like to add is that these long-term contracts which you are referring to I do 
not think in a buyers’ market today there are many companies that are getting into these long 
term contracts and what we are looking at is continuing to stay nonaligned so that we can offer 
our products both bulk and specialty across the industry. So, which does not really help us to 
take a new plant where we are making a product and selling it out to just one customer. And 
having them do a cost plus or taking majority of the margin. So, to answer you we will continue 
to stay on non-alliance, we will continue to focus on our strategy of both bulk and specialty 
aroma chemicals. We have a large expansion going to be going online. I believe 23-24 financial 
year we would have completed all our expansions except for our CST expansion unless we are 
able to even finish that in this financial year. So, I think there is going to be an addition of many 
more products in our repertoire to offer to the industry and the long-term contracts I do not 
believe exist beyond the current RFQ's unless you are in a complete buyback situation which 
we do not want to do. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Just one small request and all it would be great we keep the sequence of having a Dharmil has 
given an opening remark. It gives a lot of confidence to the investors. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
I have made a note of the comments and I will do it next quarter in the following quarters and 
our idea is primarily for not giving the opening remarks to give more time to the question and 
answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rajat Sethia from I thought PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajat Sethia: 
One clarification on Mahad capex so you are saying 100 crore is left so how much is already 
done? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, 100 crores is going to be the planned investment in the whole Mahad project because it is 
a Greenfield project. We will also have to do some support structure.  

 
Page 13 of 14 
Girish Khandelwal: 
I just wanted to add actually we have already infused 32 crores into the Mahad subsidiary and 
as of March we have already invested whether you say the preoperative cost were less, some 
revenue cost as well as the land cost and land development cost total altogether is 25 crore, 
26 crore we have already invested.  
Rajat Sethia: 
Actually, the context is I think sometime in the previous call we mentioned that Mahad will 
probably take 200 to 250 crores, so right now we are going to spend this much and then 
probably later on we will spend more money, is that how it is? 
Parag Satoskar: 
Rajat primarily is a phased investment where like Dharmil said that we are still in the process 
of piloting the whole CSTP once we are ready with that we will probably be doing the next 
phase of investment. 
Rajat Sethia: 
And so we can say that peak debt I mean at the end of this year probably our debt levels will 
probably be 400 to 450 crores? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
We are expecting around 370 crore, 380 crores.  
Rajat Sethia: 
And how long will it take once all the CAPEX is done, how much time does before plant 
stabilization and to be sure that we are in the mass production? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So since Rajat we are in the generic specialty aroma ingredient space. In fact, I think we have 
already kind of had some initial chats with our customers and they are very keen. So, we 
normally give ourselves between say three months to six months for validation followed by 
another three months for getting the sample approval. So, we should be looking at least 
capturing 40% to 50% of the available market in the first two and half years. 
Rajat Sethia: 
And do you fear a scenario wherein because current demand is anyways low and capex  is going 
to come in a year when the demand is low or there is pricing pressure, do you imagine a 
scenario that next one year when our plant is ready to fire, but we may not have enough 
demand? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think these are generic materials. I think having a fragrance division as the front end of the 
group always helps because we know which are the kind of fragrances in which it is used. We 
already have built solid relationships with most of the top consumers of these materials 
globally. So, demand or no demand there will be consumption of this material. As a strategic 
derisking and China Plus One it still stays in play albeit at a more challenging sale price. I am 
sure we will be well accepted globally in terms of the product sale at least and as the demand 
becomes more and more stable because our simulations have been done at various cost price 
from very good to adverse situation. 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's conference. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Dharmil Bodani from Oriental Aromatics Limited for the closing 
comments. Over to you Sir. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much. Thank you all for participating in this earnings conference call. I hope we 
have been able to answer your question satisfactorily. If you have any questions or would like 
to know more about the company, we would be happy to address the same. We are thankful 
to all our investors who continue to stand by us and also have shown confidence in the 
company's future growth plan. And with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Oriental Aromatics Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
