 
 
  SMIL: BSE/NSE: 23-24/1808 
 
 
 
 
 
             18th August, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
(SCRIP CODE - 535602) 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Mumbai - 400 051  
(Symbol - SHARDAMOTR) (Series - EQ) 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of earning call held on Friday, 11th August, 2023 at 5:15 P.M. (IST) 
onwards   
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Part A to Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement), Regulations, 2015 
 
 
    Dear Sir / Madam, 
In pursuant to the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 and in furtherance to our letter no. BSE/NSE: 23-24/0808 dated 8th August, 2023 with 
respect to the convening of Investors / Analyst conference call “Earning Call” on Friday, 11th August, 
2023 at 5:15 P.M. (IST) onwards, for discussing the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended 30th June, 2023, in this regard please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earning 
call.  
Further the same is also being available on the website of the Company at www.shardamotor.com.   
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Your’s Faithfully 
 
 
Iti Goyal 
Asst. Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
ITI 
GOYAL
Digitally signed 
by ITI GOYAL 
Date: 2023.08.18 
17:15:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 11th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AASHIM RELAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
SHARDA MOTOR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. PURU AGGARWAL – PRESIDENT & GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER - SHARDA MOTOR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sharda Motor Industries Limited’s Q1 
FY2024 Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Puru Aggarwal – President and Group Chief Financial Officer. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Puru Aggarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening to all. A very warm welcome to all the participants on this call. 
On the call I am joined by Mr. Aashim Relan, our CEO and our Investor Relations Advisor 
SGA. I hope that you have seen our results and our investor presentation by now. The 
presentation is also uploaded on the stock exchange as well as at the company’s website for 
reference. 
Before touching upon company’s financials, I would like to provide an overview of some 
key highlights in the industry. Buoyed by surge in domestic demand the automobile 
component industry is poised to undergo a resilient upswing in revenue throughout the 
fiscal year 2024. This surge is emphasized by the notable trend of vehicle premiumization 
focused on local manufacturing and strides in enhancing exports and regulatory standards. 
Suppliers within the automotive component sector are anticipated to showcase growth over 
the medium to long term horizon. The forthcoming fiscal year 2024 is anticipated to witness 
capital expenditures primarily channeled towards the introduction of innovative products, 
the advancement of existing product portfolios tailored for specialized platforms and the 
driving force behind the development of cutting edge technologies and components for 
electric vehicles. In addition, the industry’s growth trajectory is substantiated by a 
consistent and stable demand for replacements attributed to increased mobility and  
upswing in economic activity and the strong movement of freight. These factors 
collectively serve as catalyst propelling the industry’s expansion.  
On the passenger vehicle segment this segment grew by around 9% year-on-year in Q1 
FY2024, largely driven by utility vehicle subsegment growth. The growth can be attributed 
to a blend of elements including increased production for high demand models with 
substantial order backlogs, enhanced semiconductor supplies, the introduction of fresh 
models to the market and a favorable outlook from both customers and the economic 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
standpoint. A favorable monsoon conditions have resulted in increased farm income leading 
to notable improvement in rural demand. All these factors have played a pivotal role in 
continuous expansion of PV sales solidifying the PV segments position as a prominent 
catalyst for growth within the automotive industry. 
Coming to the commercial vehicle segment, in Q1 FY2024 there was a 3% decrease in sales 
compared to the previous year. This decline can be attributed to several fleet operators 
opting to accelerate their purchases in March 2023 due to impending transition to BS6 
phase two regulations with an associated price increase. Despite this contraction the 
prospects for the commercial vehicle market remain optimistic with growth trajectory 
projected to persist. This positivity is underpinned by ongoing infrastructure expansion and 
sustained economic activity. Furthermore, improved e-commerce and advancements in last 
mile connectivity are poised to strengthen the commercial vehicles supporting their demand 
moving forward.  
Two wheeler segment sales volume increased by 11% in Q1 FY2024 compared to Q1 
FY2023. Although sales figures have not yet fully returned to pre-COVID levels there are 
promising indicators of a resurge in rural demand aided by availability of more accessible 
financing options, the introduction of new vehicles, particularly in the premium category, 
and a robust replacement demand. A key catalyst driving recent momentum in electric 
vehicle segment was the FAME subsidy which resulted in a substantial surge in consumer 
purchases during May 2023. With the subsidy taken away it temporarily impacted the 
demand for e-two wheeler in June 2023. Despite this the overall prospects for the EV two 
wheeler segment remained optimistic given the favorable policy measures, technological 
advancements, and the ongoing introduction of novel models. 
Having shared my thoughts on the industry, I will now move to operation and financial 
performance of the company. On the consolidated basis we registered a revenue growth of 
Rs.654.1 Crores in Q1 FY2024, which is a growth of 4.2% as compared to Q1 FY2023. Our 
EBITDA for Q1 FY2024 is Rs.68.2 Crores as compared to Rs.60.8 Crores in Q1 FY2023 
which is a growth of 12% on a Y-O-Y basis. The EBITDA margin for the quarter grew by 
75 basis points from 9.7% in Q1 FY2023 to 10.4% in Q1 FY2024. Our PBT for the quarter 
was Rs.74.1 Crores after accounting for shares in profits in JV and its associates. Our JV 
reported a profit of Rs.0.28 Crores in Q1 FY2024 as compared to a profit of Rs.0.52 Crores 
into Q1 FY2023. Our PBT grew by 23% compared to Q1 FY2023. The PAT for Q1 
FY2024 was Rs.55.2 Crores, which registered a growth of 22% as compared to Q1 FY2023. 
On a full year basis our revenue, EBITDA and PAT grew by 20%, 24%, and 40% to 
Rs.2700 Crores, Rs.282 Crores, and Rs.208 Crores respectively. On the balance sheet front, 
we continue to maintain a healthy liquidity position for more than Rs.572 Crores in cash 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
and cash equivalents including investments and bank balances as on June 30, 2023. With 
this we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Gaurav Agrawal from Nine One Capital. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Sir just a couple of questions. Sir there is a new SUV which is getting launched in the 
month of September from Honda the model name is Elevator so are we present in that 
particular model? 
Aashim Relan: 
We do not give customer or model specific details there is no disclosure like that just a 
general guidance so cannot comment on specific models and customers. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
On this 550 Crores cash balance which we have, have we decided or looked at any other 
inorganic opportunities or are you pursuing any guidance you want to give on that front? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes so for our cash surplus the preference is always utilizing it for M&A opportunities in 
power train agnostic products but we do not keep any fixed timeline as we want to be very 
careful with the deal and the valuation specifically because we are on the conservative side 
and we want to ensure that it would create long term wealth and value for the company as 
well as shareholders. We all often are having many talks, interactions but nothing has 
materialized. There could be some possibilities but as we know more we will keep you 
updated and further to that we have established robust dividend policy, in fact last financial 
year was the highest dividend we have ever declared by significant margin and we will 
continue to return back additional surpluses to shareholders by dividends and other options 
as they come so that is on the cash balance. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sonaal from Bowhead. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonaal: 
Hi Aashim congratulations on good numbers. I have a couple of questions. First on the 
employee cost seems to have moved quite significantly Q-on-Q can you throw some light 
on what is the reason for it and whether there is any one-off or this is a sustainable number 
and then I will ask you the remaining questions later? 
Aashim Relan: 
Good evening and thank you. For employee cost our increment cycle has started from the 
financial year so I think the increment cycle has been adjusted to match the financial year so 
that would have a quarter-to-quarter impact. In addition to that we are hiring in quite decent 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
way due to upcoming expansion so I think across all departments we have been hiring as we 
are expecting good growth, expansion plans coming with regulation shifts and as well as 
our foray into the international market. 
Sonaal: 
So this includes hiring for your tractor business possibilities or is that also a decent part of 
the reason why there is a jump? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes so we are expecting a good growth and we are just building the team across the 
domain, so for all the growth aspects and one of them definitely is tractors as well and there 
is RDE, export expansion and so on, so we are building the team and strengthening it for 
the future expansion. 
Sonaal: 
Secondly the benefit of RDE norm started accruing because there was no call last quarter, 
started happening to the company fully in Q4 itself or was it largely in Q1 and how has 
been the experience so far? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure RDE got implemented from this quarter. There has been a gradual ramp up and we 
have established new lines for some of the products. In general there has been some benefit 
in Q1 but of course there are things like the startup cost and the products maturing. As the 
production lines mature through the year and next year there will be further improvement 
that we will see from RDE and also for the new RDE products we are implementing the 
policy where we do the value addition part. We will not procure the catalyst so that there is 
full transparency so we have applied that as well and in general I think we will see some 
benefit this financial year for sure from the RDE norms kicking in. 
Sonaal: 
So if I understood correctly very little benefit of RDE norms is reflected in the Q1 number 
reported because of the startup costs and other costs and some cost related to that, is my 
understanding correct? 
Aashim Relan: 
Yes your understanding is correct. That is we just started and new lines are there so have 
they mature the benefits will improve and that is of course the caveat that the overall 
business environment, passenger cars, LCVs, etc., continue to remain the same but given 
that definitely we are expecting improvement as these lines mature. They have just started 
early this quarter. 
Sonaal: 
This will be like what Q3, Q4 or beyond that? 
Aashim Relan: 
If you look at it on a FY2024 basis hopefully you will see some tailwinds that will come in 
from RDE and that will improve as we move forward and we are already seeing some 
improvement and we expect it will keep improving as things mature. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Sonaal: 
Great. Two more questions with your permission firstly on the expansion side you have 
mentioned that you have got aggressive expansion plans so whatever is possible for you to 
tell us whether international market or new customers or when you say expansion are you 
referring broadly to the same customer, same models or it seems from your language that 
you are talking about some aggressive expansion so some light on that and then on the 
dividend policy, is any special dividend policy you mentioned about some dividend policy 
or you meant in general, you have been increasing dividend while there may not be any 
specific payout policy as of now? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure so first I will take the point on the expansion plan and second I will come to the 
dividend policy. So talking about the expansion plan, number one we want to maintain or 
increase our market share also in the LCV segment as well as the PV domestic exhaust and 
with RDE coming in it has further become a good market and we want to increase the 
market share here itself. Then our next goal is to attain market leadership in the domestic 
tractor market which will become very I would say large as soon as TREM V kicks in and 
we are working very hard with our teams across to ensure that we have a leadership position 
when it comes to market share in tractors. Then we have also built a vertical which is 
nascent still, but people have been added for the export of subcomponents as well as 
emission systems for tractors, gensets on the smaller side and that is our play on the China 
plus one and that is also that we are now preparing little bit more to build one or two 
verticals which we already have internally or by on the power train agnostic side. The 
vertical that we already do have is our suspension vertical, but it is not as mature as our 
emissions vertical but we are adding people there as well as other possibilities on some 
adjacencies that we see in power train agnostic products and this is largely on the expansion 
side. In terms of dividend policy we do have a policy that is set out to have a payout ratio 
between 10 to 30% I think and we would try to maintain on the high side of that dividend 
policy as we go forward. 
Sonaal: 
You have a very valuable piece of land which must have appreciated very significantly in 
last 1-2 years I heard crazy stories about land parcels in that part in the last 1-2 years, would 
you look at unlocking the extent of boom and appreciation in the land parcel you have to 
store up your cash for future acquisition because the prices are really going through the 
roof? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure we do have two pieces of land in the NCR region which have been there, 
nonoperational land for some time and touchwood the land prices have really gone up in 
that region. We do not have an estimate right now on what they are, but that is smart of our 
let us say excess capacity for creating shareholder value. Of course we are being maybe bit 
conservative on the M&A front, but with the right opportunity and specifically at the right 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
valuation we would be more than happy to deploy that part also if required and if for some 
time we do not see any attractive opportunity then we would unconditionally unlock the 
value of the land at the right price and then have a plan on giving back more to our 
shareholders. 
Sonaal: 
Thank you so much. My last question any clarity on PLI policy and if yes then when you 
start seeing benefits of PLI and what is the capex plan for this year as well as next year? 
Thank you. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure so the PLI policy lot of changes in terms of how to calculate and guideline shifts that 
has happened so we are working along with our internal team as well as an external 
consultant to align to all the guidelines. It is still too early to say what the benefit of PLI 
will be. We are not considering any benefit as of now for PLI in our results, but of course 
anything that would come from that would likely to be additional and when we look at the 
capex plan we have a moderate capex plan for the year, but it could get enhance a little back 
in case we see the kickoff start for the off highway industry so we would be in 
approximately a range of 45, 50 Crores in case it is a standard here but if off highway 
market kicks in and we call it a tooling kick off if we receive then there could be additional 
30 Crores that goes into that 30-35 Crores. 
Sonaal: 
Anything planned already for next year? 
Aashim Relan: 
Similar range that we are planning for next year also and it would really be when the norms 
kick in it would be linked to that so it could either be next year or this year, but a very 
similar pattern is what we are planning. 
Sonaal: 
What would be your cash and cash equivalents as on June 30, 2023? 
Aashim Relan: 
I do not have the number. Maybe Puru Sir mentioned in the opening, maybe it is around 
572 Crores in cash and cash equivalent. 
Sonaal: 
On March 31, 2023 or June 30, 2023? 
Puru Aggarwal: 
On June 30, 2023 we have 572 Crores. 
Sonaal: 
Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Chirag Shah:  
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I have quite a few questions actually. The first question 
is on the presentation side Sir can you indicate what is volume growth on a consistent basis 
in your presentation because it is very difficult to figure out how much is the volume 
growth for you and how much is the pricing growth point one, so that is the first question. 
And also, the presentation needs some changes because it is a very standard presentation 
without any additional information even on quarterly basis and if you can look into that side 
so that is the first question on the volume side if you can give us what was the volume 
growth for the quarter versus 4% revenue growth that you had? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure thanks for the question, on the first point before the part also thanks for the feedback 
and we will definitely take that on the presentation and maybe connect offline for more 
detailed feedback so that we can incorporate back into the quarterly presentation. Regarding 
volume growth we do not per se disclose volume growth, but the way the movement 
happens in our mix as well as a component called the catalyst in general our volume growth 
has been higher than 4%, but it is just indicated on catalyst prices, etc., but it has definitely 
been on the double digit size when it comes to volume growth. 
Chirag Shah:  
So Sir if you can make us understand versus a 4% revenue growth and a double digit 
volume growth, so how does the mix change for you if you can make us understand it 
would be helpful because you indicated that there could be certain changes in the mix which 
could have an impact on the volume growth? 
Aashim Relan: 
Okay so our products are cross used across platforms and they are also cross used across 
industries, so our products are used in PASCAR, the same product might be used in an LCV 
and now we are seeing that the same product is now being used in minivans as well as now 
it is going into off highway and it is an engine-based product, so it is a little bit difficult to 
correlate in terms of volume to the market. And we also have a component called the 
catalyst which is mostly a pass-through kind of an item which we buy for some of the 
customers and for some we do not and that kind of also distorts in terms of correlating with 
volumes. We have been working with our customers to either disclose the catalyst or to 
make it free of cost so as positive mode towards it we have reached an agreement with key 
customers to minimize the buying of this catalyst and go towards the FOC model so that it 
is more apple-to-apple and all our new products which have come in this year or which will 
be coming in also are generally without this so it will become clearer as we move forward 
and that is probably the best way that we can look at for the time being but volume  
standalone that is something that we do not share. 
Chirag Shah:  
Sir does it mean you are looking to go back to the earlier way of disclosure where your 
margins will be significantly higher because bought out goes out? 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
So earlier that was not the case we have always been in the same way only, but earlier there 
was a… 
Chirag Shah:  
I am referring before the transition we used to have a double digit margin and half the 
revenue and then the transition of emission norms happened where you had to increase the 
bought out component to make it as an assembly and where revenue doubled and your 
margins kind of halved in a very cruel form I am just referring to? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure so before the regulation change also it used to be the same thing only but at that time 
the bought out component, the catalyst was much cheaper. So as a percentage of overall 
sales it used to be much lesser, but it was the exact same way. In fact previously we were 
buying more of it because we did not have agreements with all our customers at least more 
than half or even larger than that we do not buy it for, so the change that you saw pre-
regulation change and now is only that catalyst prices shot up because what is required in 
BS6 is a much more expensive catalyst and that is why it appears to be a higher part and 
optically that is why our margins look at whatever 10-11% but of course they are much 
higher if you remove that part out. 
Chirag Shah:  
If you can indicate in the presentation what is the bought out component revenue and what 
is the normal revenue and give the volumes it would be helpful for us to understand how is 
the value curve moving in the existing product also; however, it becomes very difficult to 
understand your quarterly results Sir? 
Aashim Relan: 
Absolutely and the points well taken and in general we have tried to do that, but because of 
customer confidentiality we have not been able to disclose in that pattern. Best is to look at 
our results more on a long term basis and there it correlates very well and in general now as 
a policy going forward we are not taking many products with catalysts right and this very 
shortly will be fully transparent as a result because legacy products, our customers want us 
to continue the model, but new models are being on a value added sales basis so then it will 
become clearer, but we are working on the same and we will definitely go towards that. 
Chirag Shah:  
Sir second question was on the dividend policy that you had, I will hold that question, 
before that I wanted to understand when you are looking for M&A, one what is the sweet 
spot of revenue that you are looking to acquire and what are the capabilities that you are 
looking to acquire either product capabilities or business capability and the sweet spot that 
you have in your mind to acquire? 
Aashim Relan: 
So we have a range right and we do not have a disclosure on the range for it, but maybe to 
help you understand better we want to utilize it for power train agnostic products. So we are 
really looking at products which do not shift with changes in power train and also 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
companies which either have a strong presence in India or are likely to have a strong 
presence in India as we move forward and the range is something which is without sharing 
numbers, which is big enough for it to be valuable to spend the management bandwidth as 
well in it. Yet not too big as we are not very well versed with M&A yet given that the 
company has never acquired a company before and so we would of course want to start 
with a medium scale, but this is just a range bound kind of look that we are having on 
M&A. 
Chirag Shah:  
Sir why I am asking is because your cash pile is just increasing given the business that you 
have and the strength that you have so if you have a particular amount in mind maybe 20% 
of your current revenue or something like that the excess cash could be returned back in 
terms of buyback or dividend because every year you are going to have a significant cash 
pile, you already have more than 20% of your market cap in terms of cash and given our 
conservatism I am pretty sure that you are not going to go out and write a  cheque of Rs. 
1000 Crores or something like that unless it is very, very, very lucrative kind of a thing? 
Aashim Relan: 
So without commenting on the number, as we said there is no number as such in terms of 
what could an M&A look like, but the philosophy which we just mentioned is well 
recognized. I think there is no doubt that we recognize that this is a very significant cash 
built up and we do need to have a more straightforward policy on it and we also do need to 
cap it and we also do need to in case above a certain limit return back to shareholders in the 
formations that you spoke about. So I think the philosophy we are completely aligned with 
but do not want to state an exact number or exact kind of range also but the direction is 
exactly what you mentioned that we are thinking and actions would also be made on that 
direction only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kartikeyan from Suyash Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Kartikeyan: 
First is of course I am going to deliver the same point as Chirag made which I would 
appreciate if you can be slightly more proactive with communication especially under 
exceptional circumstances the break has been the longest one and there has been no 
communication, if you can consider that as an input that will be helpful, the second of 
course is a long pending request for some kind of an index for volumes the sooner you do 
the better otherwise your presentation is like reading the same novel a third time, there is 
nothing really in terms of details in the results, so kindly think about that. The PPT can be 
slightly more self-explanatory otherwise the table is anyway shared with the exchanges. Just 
by way of feedback it helps because I think the value here is too great for people not to be 
left in the dark for so long that the point I am making here. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure point well taken and the feedback is well taken. 
Kartikeyan: 
So first question one is can you talk in terms of what specifically is the letter in spirit of this 
change that you have communicated with reference to the JV? 
Aashim Relan: 
This is regarding ETPL JV right? 
Kartikeyan: 
I am taking about the Eberspaecher joint venture. 
Aashim Relan: 
So the JV scope is only a mandate for simplification so the language has been changed on 
the scope of the JV making it engine focused now rather than category focus. As you 
mentioned before OEMs have started using the same engine in commercial vehicle,  
gensets, construction equipment, tractors so it is very tough to now bifurcate in terms of 
category or segments, so we thought it is much better to do it in terms of engine, so because 
then there is no gray area and this will become very important. Now we wanted to be 
proactive about it because as we know that the construction equipment market in India is 
becoming emissionised, gen sets will require products, tractors will require and then it was 
very important not to have any kind of ambiguity there and we are also approaching 
international markets so we wanted to be clear on the scope side of it. So it is simply to 
make the language simpler and crystal clear in terms of engines. 
Kartikeyan: 
So just to clarify when you say that it is engine focus versus category focus does that mean 
that they would also be addressing some of the categories that you were earlier addressing 
as the parent company, how should one think about that or do you still say anything about 3 
liters they will do and anything below 3 liters we will do irrespective of category is that a 
way to understand? 
Aashim Relan: 
Litreage might not be exactly 3 it is higher than that, but the way to look at it would 
basically be status quo as of now, but all the changes that are coming into the market, the 
products will be required and off highway and crossed uses and on there will be no overlap. 
So our addressable market remains the same, it becomes slightly larger. And there was one 
category probably which we could not have addressed before, which is a niche category of 
higher engines in the segment of  gensets, marine, and things like that where we did not 
have the technology but now with this simplification, if the opportunity presents itself then 
we can also utilize the technology for those kind of applications also. 
Kartikeyan: 
So the parent entity or rather the listed entity can use the technology to address that option? 
Aashim Relan: 
No that will go into the JV in case very, very large kind of engines and all that is like a very 
niche technology which we do not have, our JV partner has so from looking at it as a 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
standalone entity there is virtually no change apart from just making it engine focus and 
also clearing out any ambiguity for the emission changes that will be coming domestically 
and also giving a clean slate for looking at international opportunities via exports. 
Kartikeyan: 
The Chairman and the CEO to be appointed, is that a time bound thing or how exactly 
would that be appointment by Eberspaecher on the JV? 
Aashim Relan: 
So I think all other terms are exactly the same that management control remains with them 
and that is why we do not consolidate everything else from the industry. It was a very 
simple distinct to the scope only which I just mentioned. Nothing else has changed. 
Kartikeyan: 
Sure and while we are on the topic can you just update on the performance of the joint 
venture, has there been any improvement in the volumes at all? 
Aashim Relan: 
So this quarter in fact has been very slow and I think in general the CV industry we have 
seen has been slow and even when we look at it on a Q-on-Q basis Q1 is a slow quarter for 
CV, but even on Q-on-Q I think the industry has not done very well, so the sales have not 
been great for the quarter, but nevertheless we still remain profitable and our capacity 
utilization remains to be around 50%. We have taken the initiative to make some of the 
products to be crossed used across engines and that could become important maybe year 
later because then whenever the opportunity presents itself it would be slightly faster and 
we are working with the customers to increase share of business and getting to some of the 
high run of products, but goal was to stabilize, touchwood we have been able to stabilize the 
JV quite well and that is indicative that even in a low volume quarter we remain to be 
profitable but of course lot of work has to be done in terms of increasing market share. 
Kartikeyan: 
You would want to give us some kind of a timeline for when we can see meaningful 
upsight? 
Aashim Relan: 
See it is totally dependent on the CV industry and also the customer’s preferences on how 
they are going to move so it is very difficult to give any timeline on this kind of thing and 
CV in general is very concentrated the volumes on just a couple of engines. So the market 
share shift when it happens it would not be incremental it will be dramatic, so if we were to 
even get one engine you could see a substantial increase, but of course given that it is so 
concentrated in engines the competition also defends it as eagerly so we are in that and we 
are working towards that but tough to give a timeline given that there are only I think three, 
four engines in the entire market that are really out there right when you look at it from a 
value perspective. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Kartikeyan: 
On the parent entity listed entity one question would be on the sourcing parts so in what 
timeframe do you believe the old model should have been completely phased in and phased 
out and business would be entirely based on the newer model I am just trying to understand 
in what timeframe would manufacturing be 100% of your reported revenues? 
Aashim Relan: 
There is no timeframe because we do not know when model, what exactly expire. Either 
way it has absolutely no impact on EBITDA, on profitability, and overall performance and 
numbers. It is only the optical change that would happen and that is right so the only change 
that would happen is literally optical on the sales number and then it would be correlated. 
Kartikeyan: 
But there were some benefit of cash flows is what I understood would that be correct or no? 
Aashim Relan: 
No, there is no benefit as such on cash flow side also because it is neutral right and that 
working capital anyway shifts here and there based on other things also, but regarding this 
change the change will largely be optical in nature from the sales perspective but the benefit 
is then it will be much more correlated I guess on basis to industry and all that, but still I do 
not think quarterly it can be correlated but definitely it is something that will be much 
simpler to correlate then. 
Kartikeyan: 
Sure and one quick question on the breakup of other income that would help? 
Aashim Relan: 
I do not have that offhand but we will share it with you offline on the other income right, 
noted I will share it. 
Kartikeyan: 
Right and then one last thing and then I will let you go. Can we meet sometime please just 
to engage a bit more in detail that would be useful? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure we will definitely set something up and we will schedule. 
Kartikeyan: 
That would be great. Thanks and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ankur from Quasar Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Shah: 
Hi Sir thanks for taking my question. Sir I was just trying to join the dots on your comments 
about volume growth you mentioned that it was double digit volume growth and 
considering the RDE and all setting in where the minimum expectation of content per 
vehicle is going to go up by 10% or 25% depending on the engine which it applies to, so Sir 
like I am not able to join the dot on the revenue growth of focus can you just help me 
understand that? 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
The RDE norms have just been implemented. There is a gradual ramp up in this quarter. 
New lines have been established and as indicated before that the gasoline content per car is 
going to be 10% increase, diesel would be 20% and then there are of course other parts of 
the business that come into the sales numbers. On a blended basis we will have a tailwind of 
roughly 10% plus for the overall years given that everything else goes well so that is the 
guidance when it comes to RDE. 
Ankur Shah: 
Exactly the question Sir that why it still happen during the quarter like during the quarter 
you are saying that there are many cars which was still manufacturing without the new RDE 
norms? 
Aashim Relan: 
We actually supply in terms of engines and the ramp up was gradual on this basis, right and 
RDE norms have an impact on mostly the hot end of the car. We also manufacture the cold 
end of the car. We also  manufacture other parts of the car so it is more like a blended 
impact that we will see and I think more will come in Q2 onwards. 
Ankur Shah: 
Then second question is again slightly linked to the cash generation and the business plan 
that you have, so considering that we have been hearing from you about the M&A part 
which you rightfully explained that we want the right mix and since it is the first time you 
do not want to go aggressive that is understandable but like from a business perspective 
why do not we try and start something on our own and depend on M&A to through. So like 
you have the customer connect, you can just go and ask them that what is the requirement 
and we can do some R&D I am just thinking out loud from a business angle because we 
have been waiting for this since a long time and the cash is piling up and it is going to pile 
up Rs. 200 Crores every year so just your thoughts on this will be very helpful? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure. So first we as a company have grown substantially in the last couple of years and a lot 
of bandwidth got consumed in terms of where we are in the emission industry also right so 
it was not a very easy task to take market leadership position in India for BS6 and now for 
BS6 RDE and then we have few more registration that are coming in, so we definitely 
wanted to focus on the core right when we are talking of the organic side of it. And then 
now that maybe 1-2 emission norms are there definitely a similar philosophy to what you 
are mentioning is what we are charting towards but we are on the conservative front. We 
rather not do a M&A then do a M&A at an valuation that will not create wealth and we just 
want to be careful on that front and we have also very recently only come up with a 
dividend policy and it would be on the higher side only that we would move forward which 
would ensure that there is a good return also coming back to our shareholders and not a very 
excessive pile up in terms of cash manage but point well taken and the philosophy is exactly 
what you mentioned on the organic side as well as on the inorganic side. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Ankur Shah: 
Sure Sir and last question just a followup because there was no followup announcements on 
the raid, so is that matter settled or there is some litigation pending with regards to that? 
Aashim Relan: 
 It is as per what was disclosed it was a search and survey. Our business operations are 
continuing as per normal and there is no update beyond that and it is just these kind of 
matters are routine and they take time so there is no litigation per se. 
Ankur Shah: 
Thank you Sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nirvana Laha, an individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Hi Aashim nice to speak to you after a quarter gap. A couple of 
feedback points also from my side. One was echoing the same thing that the last gentleman 
said about a meeting request so we have been reaching out to your IR quite a number of 
times so if you can probably give us some time maybe multiple shareholders to meet face-
to-face that would be really nice. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure absolutely point well taken and we are fully consumed with this RDE implementation 
personally, but now that RDE products are implemented I will take the timeout and to meet 
in person. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Sure we will look forward to that. Another thing is often when financial questions are asked 
on the call for example the other income question that the gentlemen asked we do not seem 
to be ready with the answers but Aashim to be honest these are standard questions where 
shareholders only get a once in a quarter opportunity to clarify them so since the CFO is 
also on the call I would request you if possible from the next quarter to be ready with the 
numbers so that these are the inputs that we can get during the year otherwise we will have 
to wait for the annual report right so if you can please take that suggestion onboard. 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure absolutely to the best of our ability we will try to be ready and unconditionally you can 
always reach out to the IR advisors for specific point. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Thank you so coming to the question, there was a Rs. 330 Crores increase in other financial 
assets during H2 during the second half of the financial year could you comment on what 
was this exactly what were the assets? 
Aashim Relan: 
I think this would be part of the overall investments in cash, cash surplus but maybe Puru 
Sir if you are aware of this number is this just reconfiguration of cash investment. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Puru Aggarwal: 
So this detail is not handy we would be happy to supply this information offline. 
Nirvana Laha: 
The next question is, in March I think you commissioned a new plant for emission systems 
with a 5.25 lakh capacity so two questions, what kind of capacity increase with this 5.25 
lakh constitute and towards what purpose is this exactly because targeted towards one 
particular segment of your emissions business or is it generic? 
Aashim Relan: 
So we have expanded capacity in the west for couple of reasons, one we did some existing 
space for RDE, then we are expecting few of our customers who will be adding capacity as 
well in the western region so that is in the news so we are preparing for that and as well as 
some TREM 4 were kicked in as well as TREM 5 will also be west region will be a pivotal 
part of it, so we will be utilizing this capacity over the next couple of years. 
Nirvana Laha: 
As a percentage of your existing capacity before this came online what percentage increase 
would this be roughly? 
Aashim Relan: 
So we continue to augment our capacity because it gets augmented fairly easy on a capex 
light model so I do not have the percentage number but in general whatever that you 
mentioned is the capacity we would have in cumulative products so this is hot end as well 
as cold end. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Alright and on your Eberspaecher or the JV would you be able to tell us what Q1 revenue 
was and suppose we get into one of the engine programme that you just mentioned while 
answering to somebody else what kind of maximum revenue potential would we be looking 
at because we understand that COVID was there and there was a lot of disruption and since 
then it seems like you are ready with the product but waiting with the OEM so just for us to 
get a sense of how this could ramp up in terms of a number what could be our potential 
yearly number if things work out favorably like would it be as large as our LCV or would it 
be much smaller than that some idea would be helpful? 
Aashim Relan: 
Sure in terms of revenue we roughly in this quarter did between 80 to 90 Crores and that is 
including catalyst. In terms of increase it could be substantial so you could imagine double 
or tripling in case we get one or two good engines but nevertheless it would not be as big as 
the standalone entity. I think we address a much larger market in the standalone entity so for 
the time being it would be significant but not like anything that you can compare with 
standalone entity. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay so this 80-90 am I misremembering or this used to be 40 till above two, three quarters 
back? 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Aashim Relan: 
I think that was without catalyst which we had mentioned. 
Nirvana Laha: 
So without catalyst number would still be trending at the same 40 Crores, 45 Crores? 
Aashim Relan: 
On a Q-on-Q basis it is roughly the same, I think there has been a decline of 5-7% on Q-on-
Q if you look at the quarter-on-quarter results but it would be very similar number. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay got it. On TREM 5 anymore visibility is April 2025 looking the likely timeline any 
update from the government or what you are picking up from the tractor industry? 
Aashim Relan: 
So the tractor industry is preparing fully for it. There is some delay expected. It was 
originally I think planned for April 2024 but if we look at that the trend that we saw in 
TREM IV there is some delay expected but not too much. There has been no formal 
notification of it but preparation by all the tractor makers is on full swing and prototype 
development, testing, etc., is happening as per normal but it is up to when the notification 
comes so some delay could be expected. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Final question on your battery JV so what is happening here so the last time that I asked you 
this question you explained this was more going to be BMS assembly a low value add 
initially where you would be learning first, understanding the ecosystem, also changing 
regulatory needs, etc., you had explained the full go slow approach so have we seen any 
revenues from this JV in the last quarter and this quarter and where are we right now as 
your thinking changed at all on this are we speeding up or how is it going? 
Aashim Relan: 
So the last time when we spoke largely same terms of the philosophy that we will be very 
cautious and we will go slow what the updates probably are that we have built up prototypes 
and the first phase of testing has been completed for that and we are applying with the 
agencies for approval which is required on the battery side and this is again battery 
assembly side. We of course want to be 100% sure of these products because there is a very 
high field quality with batteries especially in this segment have as well as warranty and 
servicing so being very careful and of course these subsidies have been reduced that has 
increased the cost pressure quite substantially in the market, so we are making some 
changes in the configuration to be more competitive on the cost side and also the AIS 
amendments also which came in while the batteries are compliant to it they have become 
more expensive so we are reconfiguring that. In terms of revenues there is no substantial 
revenue from this and we do not project we will be going very cautious and slowly in this 
segment. 

 
 
 
Sharda Motor Industries Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Nirvana Laha: 
Right so your presentation still says that the plant is under consideration so what I would 
like to understand is what milestone do you have to get for the plant to be sort of green lit 
that would be helpful to understand? 
Aashim Relan: 
So the battery prototypes to be approved by the agency and to be within the first target 
range of the customer. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Alright thanks Aashim and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Puru Aggarwal for closing comments. 
Puru Aggarwal: 
We thank you for your participation in our earnings call today. We hope we have been able 
to address all your queries; however, if you have any further questions you can get in touch 
with our IR advisors, strategic growth advisors. Thank you and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sharda Motor Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
