June 02, 2023
The Secretary
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code: 540975
The Manager,
Listing Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
This is further to our earlier letter dated May 26, 2023, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023, held on May 26,
2023, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call.
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Thank you
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited
Hemish Purushottam
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2023.06.02 
21:02:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 32 
  
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q4 FY23 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Management:  
Dr. Azad Moopen – Chairman & Managing Director  
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Dr. Nitish Shetty – Chief Executive Officer, India 
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Joint CFO 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Joint CFO 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief of Investor Relations and M&A 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Balachander R  
___________________________________________________________________________ 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 2 of 32 
 
 
 
 
Balachander R: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare's earnings 
conference call for the fourth quarter of Financial Year 2023. The company 
declared the Q4 FY23 results last evening. I hope you've got a chance to 
review them, along with other materials, which were posted on the stock 
exchanges and also uploaded on the company website. 
Today, to discuss the quarterly business performance and the future business 
outlook, we have the senior management team at Aster DM Healthcare 
available with us. It includes Dr. Azad Moopen, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy Managing Director; Mr. T.J. Wilson, 
Non-Executive Director; Dr. Nitish Shetty, CEO of India Vertical; Mr. Amitabh 
Johri, Joint CFO and Mr. Sunil Kumar, Joint CFO; and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, 
Chief of Investor Relations and M&A 
I would like to inform everyone about how we will conduct this call. All 
external attendees will be in the listen-only mode for the duration of the 
entire call. We will start the call with opening remarks by management, 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will get 
a chance to ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the ‘raise hand’ 
icon in the Zoom application at the bottom of the window. We will call out 
your name, after which your line will be unmuted, and you will be able to ask 
your question. We request you to please limit your questions to 2 but not 
more than 3 at max per participant at a time. Post the completion of your 
query being answered, we will lower your hand. 
Finally, before we get started, the Safe Harbor related to earnings conference 
call. Certain statements that may be discussed in this meeting that are not 
historical facts and might be forward-looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like 
government actions, local, political, or economic developments, technological 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 3 of 32 
risks and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking 
statements. Aster DM Healthcare Limited will not be in any way responsible 
for any action taken based on such statements and undertakes no obligation 
to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent 
events or circumstances. 
With this, I will request our Chairman, Dr. Azad Moopen to start with the 
opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you very much. Thanks a lot, Bala. Good morning, everyone. Thank you 
all for joining us for the earnings call for the full year and fourth quarter of 
financial year 2023. With the world organization declaring that COVID-19 is 
no longer a public health emergency, we are moving out of the clouds of the 
pandemic. While this is comforting, we have to be cautious and also mindful 
of the long-term complications of COVID impacting health. 
India has now become the most populous country in the world. And along 
with urbanization, there is significant increase in the health care expenditure 
along with the very high incomes, increasing insurance coverage and 
government schemes. The government initiatives through the schemes 
reflect the growing importance of health care sector and is in the city for 
providing high quality health care services to the expanding and marginalized 
population. 
Despite efforts to increase public healthcare spending, India still lags behind 
its peers, both developed and developing countries, in terms of health care 
infrastructure and delivery. The private sector has been playing a vital role in 
boosting the health care infrastructure of the country. In GCC, the oil and non-
oil sector in UAE continues to do well with good growth being predicted in 
2023, showing resilience in the face of global economic headwinds. While the 
introduction of corporate tax shall have an impact on the profitability of the 
businesses in the UAE, the flow of people to the country due to ease of doing 
business and new residency rules can increase the business and offset this. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 4 of 32 
One of the major opportunities in the GCC is Saudi Arabia, which is becoming 
more investor-friendly and has a large population and a thriving economy. 
Before going into the highlights of our business performance in India and GCC, 
let me begin by sharing some important leadership changes. We have 
appointed Dr. Nitish Shetty as CEO of Aster Healthcare India. Dr. Shetty, a 
seasoned healthcare management professional, has been instrumental in 
extraordinary growth of Karnataka operation since joining in 2014. Under his 
guidance, Aster DM Healthcare India should undoubtedly flourish reaching 
new milestones and setting new benchmarks in the industry. We’ve 
appointed Amitabh Johri and Sunil Kumar, who have been with us already, 
with proven track record as joint CFOs of the company who shall be taking 
care of the GCC and India regions respectively. Hitesh Dhaddha, who has over 
18 years of experience in finance, M&A and strategies, has taken charge as 
the Chief of Investor Relations and M&A of the company. 
On the financial performance of Aster for the year 2023, while there has been 
significant revenue and profit growth in India, the EBITDA growth and 
percentage was muted. The margins were muted in GCC due to the major 
expansions leading to early EBITDA loss. On the consolidated basis, the year 
saw an unprecedented addition of five hospitals across India and GCC, 150 
pharmacies and 7 clinics. We furthered our commitment for expansion in 
India through adding 126 pharmacies and 91 diagnostic centers and the 
patient experience centers. These investments have although impacted our 
near-term EBITDA and PAT performance should enable us to deliver improved 
performance in the years to come. 
The business successfully substituted COVID and PCR revenue, which formed 
8% of the revenue in financial year 2022, with core health care revenue 
growth, especially in GCC, which is visible in our hospital and pharmacy 
growth. High-margin COVID testing revenue of INR 869 crores in 2022 has 
been replaced by core health care revenue, which has grown by 26% year-on-
year. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 5 of 32 
At a consolidated level in financial year 2023, we posted a revenue of INR 
11,933 crores, an increase of 16% as compared with the last financial year. 
EBITDA was INR 1,565 crores when compared to INR 1,483 crores in financial 
year 2022, an increase of 6%. The EBITDA growth was impacted due to losses 
from new hospitals. Adjusted for this loss, EBITDA was INR 1,655 crore, an 
increase of 11% over the last year. 
Profit after tax post-NCI stands at INR 425 crores when compared to INR 526 
crores in financial year 2022. The impact of new hospitals, including the 
depreciation and interest costs on account of the capital allocation towards 
these investments was visible. Profit after tax post-NCI excluding losses from 
new hospitals and post adjusting for onetime other income is INR 581 crore, 
a growth of 7%. 
The Aster India business continues to grow well with revenues growing at 25% 
to INR 2,983 crores, and EBITDA increasing by 28% to INR 453 crores, and 
profit after tax post NCI standing at INR 147 crores as compared to INR 60 
crore in financial year 2022, a growth of 146%. 
With respect to the GCC business, revenue grew 14% year-over-year to INR 
8,950 crores, and EBITDA was flat year-on-year at INR 1,112 crores as 
compared to INR 1,130 crores for the last financial year. 
On the financial performance of Aster for the fourth quarter for financial year 
2023 now. At the consolidated level in quarter four financial year 2023, we 
posted a revenue of INR 3,262 crores, which is an increase of 20% when 
compared with the same period last financial year. EBITDA was INR 506 crores 
when compared to INR 463 crores in the quarter four financial year 2022, an 
increase of 9%. 
Given this is a year of significant investment for us, it was an unprecedented 
feat for us to open five new hospitals in one year. Hence, EBITDA growth was 
impacted due to loss from new hospitals. Adjusted for this, the EBITDA was 
INR 532 crores, an increase of 15% over last quarter four last financial year. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 6 of 32 
Profit after tax post-NCI stood at INR 171 crores, when compared to INR 226 
crores in quarter four financial year 2022. The impact of new hospitals, 
including the depreciation and interest cost on account of capital allocation 
towards this was visible. Profit after tax post-NCI excluding losses from new 
hospital is at INR 235 crores. 
The Aster India business continues to grow well with revenues fourth quarter 
growing 32% year-on-year to INR 804 crores and EBITDA increasing by 62% 
year-on-year to INR 127 crores and profit after tax post-NCI stood at INR 48 
crores as compared to INR 11 crores in quarter four financial year 2022. 
With respect to GCC business, revenues grew 16% year-on-year to INR 2,458 
crores, and EBITDA stayed flat year-on-year at INR 379 crores as compared to 
INR 384 crores in the same period last financial year. 
Moving on to some of the operational updates for the quarter,  
Aster India continues to have excellent growth as I just mentioned earlier and 
is likely to continue to deliver strong growth performance in the coming years. 
Some of our hospitals have reached almost full capacity and we are adding 
new beds in such areas. We're also setting up new hospitals in geographies 
where Aster is a leading brand. 
As part of our expansion plans, we are adding 100 beds to Aster MIMS 
Hospital Kannur and Aster Medcity Kochi where 100 beds are being added 
each. Additionally, work has begun on our upcoming 200 bed project at Aster 
Hospital Kasargod and Phase 1 of Aster Hospital in Trivandrum with 350 beds 
also has started. The Phase 2 development of Aster Whitefield Hospital in 
Bangalore, comprising of 375 beds, is nearing completion and is expected to 
be operational soon. 
One of the strategies we adopted is to add more beds by O&M asset-light 
model to take healthcare to the suburban areas without incurring too much 
cost. We added 390 beds in total during the year under O&M asset-light 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 7 of 32 
model. We are happy to announce that Aster Narayanadri hospital has 
achieved break even within the first quarter of commencing its operations. 
Further, we are pleased to announce that Aster Madegowda Hospital in 
Mandya, Karnataka, commenced its operations on April 1st. Financial year 
2023 was a year of investment for us. And in line with our vision, we'll be 
selectively evaluating mergers and acquisitions opportunities that align with 
our value and our strategic goals. We remain open on both bolt-on 
acquisitions that complement our existing operations and transformative 
opportunities that have the potential to shape our future growth. 
Additionally, we are pleased to announce that we have increased our stake in 
the profitable subsidiary, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences, MIMS, from 
74.14% to 77.93%. Furthermore, we have increased our stake in the Ramesh 
hospital, our subsidiary that manages 5 hospitals in Andhra Pradesh with bed 
capacity of 739. Our stake in Ramesh hospital has now increased from 51% to 
57.49%. 
Coming to our asset light business as on March 31, we have total 257 Aster 
pharmacy branded retail stores, 106 in Karnataka, 85 in Kerala, 61 in 
Telangana, and 5 in Andhra Pradesh, which are operated by Alfaone Retail 
Pharmacies Private Limited. 
Aster Labs has established its presence in Karnataka and Kerala, Maharashtra, 
Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and Telangana. As of March 31, 2023, there is 1 
reference lab, 15 satellites lab, and 189 patient experience centers. The 
restructuring of the lab management with expansion of retail pharmacy 
outlets will enable us to establish the Aster omni-channel ecosystem more 
effectively. 
In the GCC region, that was growth in core business across hospitals, 
pharmacy, and clinics. We saw better revenue impact from our digital 
initiatives. EBITDA was adversely impacted during the year due to the losses 
of new hospitals. Aster Sharjah Hospital, Aster Sonapur Hospital and Aster 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 8 of 32 
Royal Hospital Muscat, which have added 101, 34, and 171 beds acquisition, 
respectively. The utilization of this bed capacity in coming quarters is 
expected to improve our revenue and EBITDA performance. 
The Aster Sanad Hospital in Riyadh has now turned profitable with 9% EBITDA 
margin this financial year. We are looking at other opportunities including the 
rolling out of pharmacies in Saudi Arabia. We see Saudi as our next big market. 
And I would see Alisha cover more of this in the GCC-related updates. We are 
proud to announce that we have broken the Guinness World Record for most 
pre-diabetes/diabetes screening forms completed in 24 hours.  Through the 
largest free screening camp for low-income workers organized on the World 
Diabetes Day, we successfully screened 12,714 people demonstrating our 
unwavering commitment to making a positive impact on the lives of the 
individuals. It is a matter of pride for us, as 3 Aster Units have been featured 
in the Top 20 All India Best Multi Hospitals Ranking and Top 10 for the south 
region according to Outlook 2023 Best Hospitals Ranking. 
Status of restructuring 
As part of the restructuring process, the board of directors approved the 
appointment of investment bankers by the company to explore options to 
unlock value for the company and the stakeholders. We have made significant 
progress in the restructuring initiative. The investment bankers have received 
interest and indicative terms for potential buyers for the GCC region. The 
investment bankers are working actively with the few shortlisted bidders and 
their advisors to negotiate key deal terms which will enable us to select the 
final buyer. 
The shortlisted bidders have expressed a strong commitment to complete 
their transaction soon and we will shortly announce the last leg of the 
process. The preparatory work including due diligence exercise largely 
completed with some minor due diligence pending. The investment bankers 
have communicated that the binding bids are likely to be received in quarter 
one of financial year 2023/2024. Upon submission of the final evaluation of 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 9 of 32 
the investment bankers, the board shall review the proposals of sale of 
company’s business in GCC. Appropriate disclosure will be made as and when 
any conclusions have been arrived at by the board. We'll come back to the 
stakeholders with a detailed update in compliance with the law at the 
appropriate stage. I now request Deputy Managing Director, Alisha Moopen 
to elaborate more on GCC business, the digital transformation and other 
strategic initiatives undertaken by Aster. Thank you very much. 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you, Chairman. Good morning, everyone. As we look at FY 2023, 
effective management of COVID allowed UAE to gain the status of being a 
preferred location globally. This impact is visible in the influx of expat 
population in UAE and migration of people from Ukraine as well as Russia. We 
have seen this reinstates some of the population loss which we have seen 
during the COVID time, and there is a big statement of that population in UAE, 
which is visible in the revenue numbers for FY 2023. 
Aided by these statements our GCC business, we have witnessed a revenue 
growth of around 14% in FY 2023, which was seen across our key verticals. As 
Chairman mentioned FY 2023 was clearly a year of growth investment for us. 
It is unprecedented for our UAE and GCC business to have 3 hospitals, 24 
pharmacies and 6 clinics in a year. 
We have also invested approximately INR 100 crores in additional business. 
Some of these investments were paused during COVID and we’ve used FY 
2023 to further the same to completion. This has, unfortunately impacted our 
profitability for the year. As we reflect on FY 2023, the year saw the 
replacement of COVID PCR revenue with core health care business, FY 2022 
had almost INR 869 crores of COVID revenue because almost 11% of the GCC 
business. In this year is represented by only 1% of COVID revenue. The good 
news is that we have replaced this by growth in OP, IP business, hospital 
vertical grew by 14% and pharmacy sales growth from the retail stores and e-
pharmacy line of business had an overall growth of 33%. Outpatient revenue 
of GCC also grew by 29%, excluding the COVID testing revenue. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 10 of 32 
Happy to also inform that we had three of our hospitals noted by the US 
Newsweek global list. We were in the top 5, top 20, as well as in the global 
150 list with our Aster Hospitals. FY 2023 performance, the revenue for FY 
2023 was at INR 8,950 crores which is a total of 14% over last year. The high 
margin COVID testing revenue of INR 869 crores in FY 2022 has been replaced 
by core healthcare revenue, which has grown at 26% year-on-year. 
The GCC business EBITDA for FY 2023 stood at INR 1,112 crores, which 
unfortunately is flat compared to FY 2022. The GCC business EBITDA excluding 
the operational losses from the new hospitals commissioned during the year 
will be at INR 1,189 crores, which is a growth of 4%. One of the unexpected 
incidents that happened during the year was also the World Cup in Qatar 
where we saw the government had all the schools being shut during that the 
world cup period affecting most of the expat families going back to their home 
countries during this period, so we are effectively had six to eight weeks of 
very reduced and marginalized business during this period. 
Going into the Q4 FY 2023 performance, the revenue for Q4 FY 2023 was at 
INR 2,458 crores, which is a growth of 16% over FY 2022. The high margin 
Covid testing revenue of INR 217 crores in Q4 FY 2022 same replaced by the 
core health care revenue, which grew by 29% year-on-year. Our hospital 
vertical witnessed an increase in operational bed count from 923 in Q4 2022 
to 1,114 in Q4 2023, pushing the revenue from the segment to INR 4,012 
crores in FY 2023 from INR 3,532 crores in FY 2022. 
In clinics business revenue, growth to INR 684 crores in Q4 FY 2023 compared 
to INR 661 crores in Q4 FY 2022, which is a growth of 4%. However, core 
business segment, excluding COVID revenue grew by 29% in the same period. 
Our retail business demonstrated robust performance with healthy growth 
across product lines. The Pharmacy segment experienced a jump, growing at 
31% year-on-year with revenues for Q4 2023 at INR 799 crores and compared 
to INR 609 crores in Q4 FY 2022. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 11 of 32 
And GCC business EBITDA for Q4 2023 stood at INR 379 staying flat year-on-
year. The GCC business EBITDA, excluding operational losses during this 
period was INR 403 crores displaying growth of 4%.  
Now just to share some of the two important updates. In line with our mission 
to enhance patient-centered care, we had entered into three partnerships. 
We had entered into a partnership with Sukoon which is a leading insurance 
provider in UAE to launch two new health insurance plan with Aster products. 
We signed a partnership with Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories to look at producing 
quality medication and making it more accessible in UAE and GCC through 
Aster Pharmacy. The third one is with Talabat which is an online food delivery 
platform to offer prescription delivery services in Dubai through Aster 
Pharmacies. Under the strategic pact, Aster Pharmacy customers can upload 
the prescriptions securely through that app and make the purchases available 
and have it delivered to their home through the Talabat delivery platform. 
Focusing on capacity creation, two important projects are currently in 
pipeline. We have planned the hospital network expansion through a High-
end Multi-specialty facility with a capacity of 126 beds, which is expected to 
be completed in Q4 of this year. Additionally, we will open up new block of 59 
beds as an extension to our Sanad facility in KSA. As Chairman mentioned it 
would be in the Q4 of this year. We have been seeing high single digit margin 
over there and we believe that this is the right time for us to open up the 
annex building. 
We have also started work on our pharmacies in KSA. We expect our first set 
of pharmacies in KSA to go live by end of Q2 FY 2024. In FY 2023, our digital 
health ambitions took flight as we successfully launched myAster on iOS, 
Android as well as the web platforms, offering a range of key services. 
Furthermore, in response to patient feedback, we have expanded our reach 
by launching the app on the Huawei app gallery in Q4 as well. We are thrilled 
to announce that the platform continues to achieve remarkable growth, with 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 12 of 32 
most parameters nearly doubling each quarter. For several consecutive 
months, myAster has maintained its position as the leading free medical app 
in the UAE. Currently, it boasts a robust user base of nearly 400,000 
witnessing substantial growth from 220,000 in Q3. 
This quarter we experienced a notable increase in appointments booked 
through the app, doubling it from Q3 as well. Teleconsultation remains a 
popular feature, averaging at around 600 per month in Q4. In terms of our e-
pharmacy business, we are witnessing an exponential growth in both 
transaction numbers and revenue. The monthly average run rate on e-
pharmacy in Q4 has surpassed Q3 by over 40% to further enhance the e-
pharmacy experience, we are continuously adding key features to that at 
aiming to improve conversion rate and increase the average order value. 
Additionally, our home delivery business has seen substantial growth with an 
18% increase in average monthly revenue, compared to the earlier part of the 
year and an 8% increase compared to Q3. We continue to invest in the 
business and building several relevant features that will help us increase 
stickiness as well as further conversions on the platform. 
I will now request our GCC CFO, Amitabh and India CFO, Sunil to take you 
through the details of the financial performance of this quarter.  
Amitabh Johri 
Thank you, Alisha. Good morning, everyone. I shall be covering both quarter 
four FY 2023 and full year FY 2023 performance. On a consolidated basis, our 
revenue from operations for quarter four is INR 3,262 crores, an increase of 
20% year-on-year basis. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 506 
crores as against INR 463 crores, which is a growth of 9%. As highlighted by 
Chairman and Alisha, FY 2023 has been a year of investment for us. This is the 
first year we have five new hospitals getting launched in a single year, namely 
Aster Hospital, Sharjah, Aster Royal Hospital, Muscat in GCC, Mother Hospital, 
Areekode, Aster Narayanadari and Adiran hospital in Vijayawada. EBITDA 
losses from these new hospitals and from Aster Hospital Sonapur going into 
operations, together amounted to INR 11 crores in quarter four FY 2023. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 13 of 32 
Additionally, since we have paused the Cayman Hospital project given the 
lapse of time, it has been impaired in the books as per IFRS accounting 
requirements.  The impact of this is INR 16 crore. We continue to hold the 
right to use of the land and government permission to start the hospital well. 
Again, the same shall be considered on an opportunistic basis. 
Excluding these losses, the EBITDA stands at INR 532 crores as against INR 465 
crores during the same period last financial year, which is a growth of 15%. 
Consolidated PAT post-NCI is at INR 171 crores as compared to INR 226 crores 
in quarter four of FY 2022. Excluding losses from the new hospitals, PAT post-
NCI stands at INR 235 crores. 
Coming to the full-year performance, the revenue from operations stood at 
INR 11,933 crores, a growth of 16% compared to the same period last financial 
year. The EBITDA was at INR 1,565 crores compared to INR 1,483 crores in FY 
2022. Excluding losses from the new hospitals and the onetime write-off of 
Cayman, the EBITDA was at INR 1,655 crores, which is a growth of 11%. PAT 
post-NCI was INR 425 crores compared to INR 526 crores in FY 2022. 
Excluding losses from the new hospitals and onetime other income PAT stood 
at INR 581 crores, which is a 7% growth. In addition to the investment of a 
new hospital, we have spent approximately INR 100 crores in digital initiatives 
in FY 2023, a significant portion of which directly affected impact our EBITDA 
and PAT. 
However, as highlighted by Alisha in her speech, this was also a year where 
we were able to reach key milestones in our digital initiatives with reference 
to the launch of app, reaching targeted downloads, increasing our active users 
and significant ramp-up of pharmacy orders. We expect this to be a key 
growth driver in the coming years. 
Coming to GCC performance, revenue from our GCC operation in quarter four 
FY 2023 was at INR 2,458 crores, an increase of 16% on a year-on-year basis. 
Previous year had significant Covid revenue which makes some of the revenue 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 14 of 32 
and EBITDA numbers not comparable. Quarter four of last year had almost 
INR 217 crores of COVID revenue and the core business revenue growth, 
excluding COVID testing, was at 29% year-on-year basis. EBITDA from GCC 
operations stands at INR 379 crores as against INR 384 crores in quarter four 
in FY 2022. Excluding losses of new hospital GCC, the EBITDA stands at INR 
403 crores in quarter four FY 2023, a growth of 4%. 
With respect to our full-year GCC performance, revenue grew from INR 7,870 
crores in FY 2022 to INR 8,950 crores in FY 2023, an increase of 14% in 
revenue. High margin COVID testing revenue of INR 869 crores in FY 2022 has 
been replaced by core health care revenue, which has grown at a 26% year-
on-year basis. EBITDA from GCC stands at INR 1,112 crores as against INR 
1,130 crores in FY 2022. Excluding losses of new hospitals, EBITDA had grown 
4% to INR 1,189 crores. 
Coming to the segmental performance for the quarter, GCC hospital revenue 
was at INR 1,090 crores. That's an increase of almost 15% on a year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA stands at INR 149 crores compared to INR 190 crores in FY 2022 
quarter four. Excluding losses from the new hospitals and Cayman write-off, 
the hospital segment had an EBITDA of INR 173 crores. The EBITDA margin 
adjusted for losses from new hospital was  INR 17.1%. 
GCC Clinic revenue stands at INR 684 crores, an increase of 4% year-on-year 
basis. Normalized for COVID testing, the core business for the clinic revenue 
grew at a rate of 38%. EBITDA for GCC Clinic segment stands at INR 151 crores 
at a margin of 22.1%. 
GCC Pharmacy's revenue increased 31% year-on-year from INR 609 crores to 
INR 799 crores. EBITDA increased from INR 112 crores to INR 128 crores, an 
increase of 14%. EBITDA margin for this segment in quarter four FY 2023 was 
at 16%. 
Moving to segment performance for full year FY – for FY 2023, GCC Hospital 
revenue was at INR 4,012 crores, an increase of 14% on a year-on-year basis, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 15 of 32 
and the EBITDA stands at INR 584 crores compared to INR 608 crores in FY 
2022. Excluding losses from new hospitals and Cayman write-off, the hospital 
segment saw an EBITDA of INR 661 crores. The EBITDA margin adjusted for 
losses for the new hospital is at 17%. 
GCC Clinic revenues stands at INR 2,412 crores as against a revenue of INR 
2,440 crores in FY 2022. Normalized for COVID testing, the core business of 
clinic segment grew at a rate of 29%. EBITDA for GCC Clinic segment stands at 
INR 450 crores at 18.7% margin. 
GCC pharmacies revenue increased 33% year-on-year business from INR 
2,245 crores to INR 2,984 crores in FY 2023, EBITDA increased from at least 
INR 290 crores to INR 350 crores, an increase of 21% on year-on-year 
business. EBITDA margin for this segment for FY 2023 was at 11.7%. GCC Net 
Debt stands at USD 163 million at 31st March compared to USD 197 million 
as of 31st March 2022. Now, I would request joint CFO, Mr. Sunil Kumar to 
take you through the India performance during this period. 
Sunil Kumar M R  
Thank you, Amitabh. Good morning, all. For the quarter ended 31st March 
2023 India revenues have increased to INR 804 crores up by 32% from INR 
607 crores in Q4 FY 2022. EBITDA from India operations have increased to INR 
127 crores with a margin of 15.8% compared to INR 79 crores with the margin 
of 12.9% in Q4 FY 2022 with the growth 62%.  
With respect to the full year India performance, the revenue from operations 
stands INR 2,983 crores with the growth of 25% compared to INR 2,384 crores 
for FY 2022. EBITDA from India operations stands at INR 453 crores with the 
margin of 15.2% in FY 2023 compared to INR 353 crores with a margin of 
14.8% in FY 2022 with the growth of 28%. PAT post NCI is at INR 147 crores 
compared to INR 60 crores in FY 2022 with a growth of 146% year-on-year. 
Coming to segmental performance for the quarter, revenue from India 
hospitals and clinics excluding the O&M Asset light hospitals stands at INR 751 
crores in Q4 FY 2023, with a growth of 29% from INR 583 crores in Q4 FY 2022. 
EBITDA stands at INR 145 crores to the margin of 19.3%. In Q4 FY 2023 as 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 16 of 32 
compared to INR 99- crores with a margin of 17% in Q4 FY 2022 with a growth 
of 46 %. 
Moving to the segmental performance for the full year, revenue from India 
hospitals and clinics, excluding the O&M asset-light hospitals stands at INR 
2,819 crores in FY 2023, with a growth of 20% compared to INR 2,343 crores 
for FY 2022. EBITDA stands at INR 527 crores, with the margin of 18.7% in FY 
2023, as compared to INR 407 crores, with a margin of 17.4% in FY 2022, with 
a growth of 30%. Aster India net debt stands at INR 510 crores as on 31st of 
March 2023 compared to INR 319 crores as at March 31, 2022. The capital 
expenses for the year FY 2023 is at INR 280 crores. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. We will be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. I now request Balachander to open the 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Mr. Sunil. We have now opened the question-and-answer session. 
So, any of you who would like to ask a question, please press the ‘raise hand’ 
icon and we will unmute you in order. Please go ahead. 
 
I think the first question is from Mr. Ashwin Agarwal. Please go ahead, Mr. 
Ashwin. 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
Good morning to everyone on the call and thanks for the detailed update on 
the operation. We are very delighted with the whole restructuring process 
that you have announced. Could you give us more details what kind of 
valuations can the GCC business get? Is it like around 10 times to 12 times 
EBIT to EBITDA. Or what can we expect? And does the Indian entity own 85% 
stake in the GCC operations?  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah. Thank you. I'll answer the second part first. India owns 100% up in GCC 
entity. It's not 85%, it's 100%. 
The first part, we can't give any numbers now unless binding bids are received 
and when we sign papers and all, which we hope that will happen this month. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 17 of 32 
That's our expectation. So, it’s not possible for us to give any indicative 
numbers on that. You know, that.  
Ashwin Agarwal: 
Would it be right that the entire sales proceeds, if EBITDA is around INR 
1,100 crores sales is 10 times EBITDA? The entire sales proceeds of around 
INR 10,000 crores of whatever that number is comes to the Indian entity?  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah, I agree to your whatever that number is. If this goes through the board 
approves, the amount – the entire amount will come to India. But how much 
is that, I wouldn’t be able to tell you. That amount will come into India. The 
entire amount will come into India. 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
And it would be sold as an operational basis, that means the debt of GCC 
will go to the new buyers?  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah, yeah, definitely. That what comes to India will be after deducting the 
debt, I think that the equity value will be coming to India  
Ashwin Agarwal: 
So, how would we use this large amount of cash, we’ll be looking at 
acquisitions? How would we use this money which will come into the Indian 
operations?  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah. So, the board has to decide on that. So, we hope that the board will 
take the appropriate decision. But what we definitely would like to do as part 
of the promoters and the management is there. There has to be a dividend to 
the shareholders, but the board will decide the quantum of that. 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
Sir lastly, in the promoter holding, the entire promoter holding is almost 
pledged of around 14% all. So, what is the reason of this pledge?  
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So, we are taking a 4% additional stake in the company, which is now our 
stake has gone from 38% to 42% around. And even though this amount 
required was only minimal when compared to the value of our stock, there 
was a technical issue of us doing this, but this only, very, very technical. We 
have only very limited exposure to that of about $75 million. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 18 of 32 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
So, going forward, this pledge should come down? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
This will be completely over in a period that we hope in a period of one year, 
the pledge will completely go off. 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
So will you be looking at enhancing your stake further in the company 
because a few of large FII investors are holding. So would you be interested 
in acquiring an additional stake? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
I won't be able to comment on that now. We will have some change in our 
holding, but I won't be able to tell or give you the exact details at this point of 
time. 
Ashwin Agarwal: 
Thank you and all the best, sir.  
Balachander R: 
Thank you Ashwin. Next in line is Prakash. Prakash, if you can unmute yourself 
and ask your question, please? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Hi, good morning. My first question is on restructuring. So how I understand 
is so since you said 100% is going to be sold and the proceeds will come to 
Indian entity, how are promoters thinking in terms of being part of the GCC 
asset would they have stake in that? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah, we have already announced that. We will be part of the management 
as well as the – I mean the shareholding in both GCC as well as India. We'll be 
there on both sides is what we are thinking. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. And then so that's why the question is on the valuation. I just – I know 
it's still getting discussed, closed, etc, but in terms of understanding, it 
should be with the peer companies and who would the peer companies be? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah, there aren’t too many in U.A.E to look at. There are different methods. 
So, this whole process is not run by us. It’s not run by us because we have a 
conflict in interest. It’s run by the independent directors. They have 
constituted a committee, and they are running this. We are completely out of 
that. So the investment bankers are interacting with them, and they have 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 19 of 32 
different methods by getting at the valuation by way of appointing councils  
as well as investment bankers. Apart from this valuation, finding out the 
valuation I mean comparables and all, so that whole process will be very, very 
transparent, and it’s not being done by us. It is done by the independent 
directors, and the Board will finally decide that 
Prakash Agarwal: 
I understand that. But who would be your peers? As for you, like, you know, 
in the U.A.E you mentioned there aren’t any. But who would be the peers? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, Prakash, we think our closest comparable is probably Mediclinic which 
have middle-east operations where they have a fair amount of business in 
GCC. And of course, there’s Burjeel that is there just in the local Abu Dhabi 
market as well. I think when you look at the Saudi market, it is quite different 
from UAE because it's quite deep and it's got a lot of transactions that 
happened there. So, it might not be directly comparable to what we think. A 
lot of the transactions that happened here are private. So, the only two listed 
entities is one which is listed in the UK and the other one which is in Abu 
Dhabi. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Again, that is very helpful. Thank you. And second question is on – again on 
the sale proceeds. So, if you look at – you mentioned about the part being 
distributed as dividend but if we see Indian assets, they have gone up 
significantly higher in terms of valuation. I mean, they range anywhere from 
15 times to 25 times. So just trying to understand we would be selling 
something which is lower multiple business and we would be since India is 
of a focus at this listed entity level, we would be buying. So, would the 
interest be again South Indian markets to go deep or you would like to 
explore newer markets as well? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So, regarding this utilization of the funds, I'm not commenting because that's 
something which the independent directors and the board has to decide. But 
regarding the focus of business, yes we will be focusing more on South 
because we already have a presence there, but we are not agnostic to growth 
in other places depending on the availability of assets. So, it’s possible that 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 20 of 32 
we may go beyond where we are now, maybe in the south or even beyond 
that. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. And third one, with your permission and the timelines you mentioned, 
you are likely to get bids by end of Q1, and closeout should be by Q2. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
That’s our expectation. That’s what we want as management. Before end of 
Q2, we should be able to close it out 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. Perfect. Great. And all the best. 
Balachander R: 
Thanks, Prakash. Next in line is Nirali Shah. Nirali, please go on and ask your 
question  
Nirali Shah: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is about the three 
recently opened hospitals. So, when can we anticipate these hospitals to 
come to a breakeven level and witness positive cash flow? And if you could 
quote a number about the sustainable margins that we can expect from 
them. 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, typically, we aim for breakeven between 18 to 24 months since the 
hospital opens, and the sustainable margin for our hospital segment is 
between 17% and 22% that we see in the Aster segment. 
Nirali Shah: 
Yes. Understood. And about the Labs business, so we are hoping to 
breakeven that in six to nine months. Am I correct? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah, yeah. Lab, Sunil, you could give an answer on the lab. So the first one 
was, Nirali, as I understand this on the hospitals. Large part of the hospitals 
are in GCC; The new hospitals and Alisha was answering on that. On the lab, 
our India CFO, Sunil, will talk about when it is expected to breakeven 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Thank you, Chairman. So Nirali, in terms of labs, if you've seen the numbers, 
right, we have added many FPEC’s now. So basically, we are not expecting 
more on these Satellite labs, but we are concentrating more on the FPEC’s to 
drive the volumes. See Satellite labs are more into the processing of the 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 21 of 32 
samples. So that will not really yield the volumes there. So, we are more 
concentrated on B2B pickup points. We are working on the FPEC’s where the 
collections just happen. Then we are also working on the home collections. 
So, these are the three main drivers for us to drive the volumes. And you see 
that from the current year, from the H1 to H2, the losses have considerably 
reduced. And we see that, if I’m right even in the previous earnings call also, 
the chairman has told us that in FY 2024 which will be able to breakeven. And 
I think we are on the way to the plan. So, we are expecting in another six to 
nine months we should be able to breakeven in terms of labs. 
Nirali Shah: 
So ideally, actually six to nine months, right? So in Q3 you mentioned six to 
nine months. So can you expect by Q2 of FY 2024 to have some green shoots 
on that? 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yeah. Q2 to Q3 is somewhere in between that we should be able to reach 
breakeven. 
Nirali Shah: 
My next question was about the occupancy rate. Like, there are a few areas 
where the occupancy rate is really low in low-performing regions. So, if we 
were to implement certain initiatives to fill up those gaps, so have you 
encountered that? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So Nirali I would request you to be more specific whether it's GCC or India 
because these are two areas managed by two finance teams and 
management teams. So, if you can be specific 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay. I’m talking about India business. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yeah.  I think you're referring to our Andhra cluster because if you look at our 
occupancy, Kerala is at 80% occupancy Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster is 
at 60% and Andhra and Telangana is at 50%. And the occupancy has been 
increasing very steadily, but it's not ramping up the way we expect in other 
regions. So, for example, that is indirectly having the impact on the EBITDA 
also. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 22 of 32 
So, occupancy average is 50%. But when we look at the Q4, it has gone up to 
around 51%. So that's a number currently which we have. And we also see 
that the new hospital Adiran in Vijayawada which is just 500 meters from our 
main hospital which we opened up to treat scheme patients. We saw a good 
ramp up in the month of March and April and May, the number was quite 
promising. 
So, considering that, we already had the EBITDA margins in double digits now 
and we are looking at touching the mid-teens by end of this financial year. 
Nirali Shah: 
That is good. That’s it from me. Thank you so much. 
Balachander R: 
Thanks Nirali. The next question is from Harith. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the 
GCC hospital segment that I’m looking at the mature hospitals here. And the 
EBITDA margins for the mature hospitals are at 17%. So given that the 
ARPOB in this segment is quite high and I’m seeing more than INR 2 lakhs 
per day and these are post Ind AS margins that I’m referring to. It appears 
to be on the lower side at 17%. So, do we have some levers here to take the 
margin profile of the mature hospitals in the GCC further from current 
levels? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yeah. Sure, Chairman. Thanks for the question, Harith. So, Harith, you're right 
that the ARPOB for GCC is significantly different than India. But the fact is that 
even the cost points are very different between the two locations. If you look 
at it, the doctor's cost and other costs are fairly different. The establishment 
cost are different in GCC. And accordingly, the margin of a 17%. However, to 
your question that, are there levers available over there? Yes, potentially, yes, 
because we are looking at – for mature hospital utilization of 54%. As soon as 
that goes up, that gives you an added advantage of having a higher margin. 
There are cost optimization opportunities sitting across material cost and the 
manpower cost. And we are actively working towards those. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 23 of 32 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. I was also trying to understand, is there a major impact of Sanad here? 
And if you could share a margin number excluding Sanad, that would be 
helpful. 
Amitabh Johri: 
Sure. So, the Sanad Hospital, which was perhaps till the previous years, for 
the last few years was an asset that was loss-making. That asset has turned 
around significantly. It was at a margin of 5% last year. We are looking at an 
8%-plus margin for this financial year, which is FY 2023. It doesn't have a 
significant impact overall because from the point of view of location, it only 
forms 5% of our overall revenue. However, we can come back to you 
separately in terms of taking that off what is the margin. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Okay. So, Harith, I just wanted to add here. You asked about the levers, so one 
of the major levers that we have in the hospital sector as well as even the 
clinics is the HR cost. We have a significantly higher HR cost than what we 
want. And due to many reasons, including the increasing competition in GCC 
and all. So, we are trying to – various ways including shared services and all, 
we are trying to reduce HR cost. So, there is a 5% HR cost decrease which 
could happen. If not 5%, at least 3% could be achieved if we are able to do all 
these things as we want. So, there is a lever there where it can be reduced. 
The second thing, answering your question on Sanad. Sanad is a struggling 
asset. It has been struggling for a long period. It has come out of that and it’s 
reached nearly 10% margin. But we see a significant opportunity in Saudi 
Arabia and this will be an anchor for that. We are starting now the pharmacies 
and we are also planning to start other establishments there as we go 
forward. So, in the future we think that having this hospital; there will add a 
lot of benefits by way of a hub for all the other activities. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Thank you doctor. My next question is on the clinics listed in the GCC 
segment. So, sir, obviously, there was an impact of COVID testing in the 
base. So that explains the decline. But when I look at the business over the 
last three to four years, maybe from FY 2018 or 2019, we haven't had much 
growth in the business on a constant currency basis. And in the past, we've 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 24 of 32 
talked about some pressures around pricing, etcetera. So how should we 
think about growth in the clinic segment of GCC going forward? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, thanks, Harith. So, you're right. I mean, if we look at the clinics especially, 
I think they were the – that was the unit that has been most hit during COVID 
as well. We saw in two years it was pretty much sustained completely on 
COVID revenue. And then this year has been really just sort at turnaround 
year where we had almost 70%, 80% of our business that come from COVID 
last year, getting restored by normal business. 
We had this challenge where the margins were getting squeezed with the 
insurance on outpatient. But one of the interesting things that has happened 
is the change in the population mix and the demographics in UAE as well. So 
what we see now, is that more higher end population that is coming in, and 
that has been kind of one of the key strategic goals that we're working on with 
Aster Clinics where we are trying to move from the lower networks while we 
still have some portion of it, reduce the proportion of the lower networks to 
kind of have a higher proportion of the better networks. 
So, we are hoping to improve the margins by changing the mix of population 
that is our patient because that would be more representative of the UAE 
population going forward as well. So that's one way. We think that we'd be 
definitely able to demonstrate growth over there. 
Harith Ahamed: 
On the pricing front, is it a stable environment that you're seeing? 
Alisha Moopen: 
So, pricing will always be a challenge if we have a large part in the lowest 
network, which is why we're kind of upgrading the brand to be, we are 
building out more of the premium customers and sort of detaching some of 
lower net worth. So that's the best way for us to adjust the price and improve 
the quality of our revenue. Otherwise, the lower segment is very price 
competitive, and it ends of becoming kind of creating erosion of margin. 
So post-COVID, we are actively trying on reducing this proportion, we are 
seeing that moving in that direction in the last six months or so. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 25 of 32 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
Just to add to what Alisha mentioned, it might also be good to start seeing 
GCC business more as an investment on the balance sheet of the company, 
given that we will gradually get into the process of monetizing this 
investment. So, it might be appropriate for the analyst community to start 
thinking about GCC business in that particular way, if that makes sense, 
Harith. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Yeah. So, thanks for that. The last one with your permission, it's an 
accounting related one. When I look at the lease payments from your cash 
flow statement, it has gone up sharply. For this year, it's around INR 450 
crores, INR 445 crores versus around INR 330 crores last year. I understand 
it's coming from the new hospitals, but how should we think about this, 
especially next year we'll have the full year impact from these new 
hospitals? So, will this number work materially from the FY23 level? 
Amitabh Johri: 
I will take on that one, Harith. We have had one significant increase of over 
INR 400 crores lease adjustment that is happening, this is a lease that we 
know that's coming. And that is from the hospitals new lease that we have 
signed on 1st of February in Dubai. As of now, to your question of FY 2024, 
we may have one more hospital coming up in FY 2024 as we go forward. At 
least in GCC and Sunil, I would request you to also add on to that. 
So they could potentially be more hospitals being signed up and accordingly, 
an impact would come on the financials on an accounting perspective. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
On the India front, the lease liability has increased from INR 444 crores to INR 
520 crores actually. So that's basically, come from our Whitefield Hospital 
because the rents have come in. And the ROU Asset and Liability that we’ve 
created. Thank you. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. That's' all from my side. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Harith. The next question is from Amrish. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 26 of 32 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good year. My 
question is regarding the O&M hospitals in India. And thanks for the 
additional disclosure that you've provided from this quarter. I'm just trying 
to understand the economics a little better going forward. I think you've 
already explained in the past roughly how many rooms, how many beds you 
might be adding. Plus, I think there's a revenue share EBIT margin of about 
15%. Is there some way to think about the ARPOB and occupancy of these 
hospitals? Is there a rule of thumb or is it way too diverse. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Thanks, Amrish. Yes. So, we started giving that O&M separately because we 
had told initially, it's going to be a low margin business and we didn't want 
that to dilute our core hospital and clinics where we get almost 90% of the 
business. In terms of occupancy, it's very starting stage right, occupancy will 
not be as different from how the other hospital performed. They would be 
very similar. Starting, it will be around 10% or 20% or 30% and it'll ramp up 
quickly because here, we don't restrict from the schemes or ESI other 
patients. Right? So that'll be all at once. So here, the idea is to have a faster 
ramp up because we are not restricting the patient profile. At the same time, 
occupancy will be faster because in a usual greenfield project, we will talk 
about 60% to 70% occupancy, it will take at least six to seven years to reach 
there right but in this case, we can do it half the time. So that's the whole 
thing. 
And from the profit side, I said right, we also talked about Aster Narayanadri, 
with total beds that we added was  390. Part of this, 290 is operational by Q4 
last year. And out of that, Narayanadri which started in Jan 2023, that is 
already broken even in the first quarter itself. So, there we don't have losses. 
So, whatever the losses which you are seeing in the presentation, that's only 
the Aster Mother, Areekode. And even that we're expecting the breakeven 
very quickly because that's a hospital where it was not already running. It was 
more of a hospital, which had very, very less occupancy as compared to 
Narayanadri. So, we should do quite well in terms of O&M hospitals.  
Amrish Kacker:  
Is there any way to think about ARPOB?  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 27 of 32 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
ARPOB will be somewhere between INR 15,000 to INR 20,000. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
I just want to add here, apart from the financial aspects, profitability and all, 
this is something which is required in the country. We think that while we 
make profits in the hospitals, in the – I mean, urban area as well as in the 
metros and all, it's very important that we go into that area of suburban areas 
where these hospitals are. And we have the advantage of providing them 
high-end care, quality care by using our doctors and our expertise. 
So that is one of the important things. While our margin may get slightly 
diluted, still because it's very low CapEx, our ROCE, everything can go up. 
More importantly, it's – we are providing that service. So, there is also an ESG 
element to that, where we want to take it to the grass-root level where our 
services can be provided 
Amrish Kacker: 
Thank you. Understood. Very clear. Good luck with restructuring in FY 2024. 
Thank you 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Amrish. The next question is from Nitesh 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Hi. I have a question on tax implications of GCC restructuring. So, can you 
give any indication on what can be the capital gains tax on sale of assets in 
GCC? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Thanks for the question, Nitesh. So, Nitesh, we have evaluated the tax 
implications across all the transaction flows. And for the purpose of this trade, 
given the holding company sitting out of Mauritius, and it enjoys the benefits 
of the Mauritius-India Tax Treaty, there is no capital gain tax from the sale of 
investment. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Understood. Thank you. Second question is on the India business. Would you 
like to give any guidance on EBITDA and revenue growth, let's say, two, 
three years out? Any color on that? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 28 of 32 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
So, Nitesh, we don't give any guidance, definitely not in the long term. But 
what I can tell you is that we see significant opportunities in India. That's a 
huge demand-supply gap as we know the market. And when we look at our 
peer group and all, they're doing extremely well. And we think that we have 
built up a lot of assets and we are also building up. And there is no reason why 
we shouldn't be at those levels as we go forward. That's what I can tell you. 
Giving a number won't be appropriate as you know. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Sure, understandable. Thank you. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Nitesh. The next question is from Nikunj 
Nikunj Agarwal: 
Hi. Thanks for taking up my questions. Just a couple of book keeping 
questions. What’s the net debt for FY23? I wanted the breakup on the GCC 
and India 
Amitabh Johri: 
So, thanks for the question, Nikunj. If you look at the net debt number, the 
number for 31st March 22 was a number over INR 1,806 crores. That number 
has gone to INR 1,848 crores as of 31st March 23. 
Looking at the combination of the debt, when we look at the debt for our GCC 
business purely in dollar terms, net debt, has reduced from 197 million to 
almost 163 million, which is a reduction of 34 odd million between these two 
financial years. And this is largely emanating from the scheduled payment 
that was sitting there for the long-term loans that was there. 
From the India side, the net debt profile has undergone a change. A number 
of net debt of INR 319 Crores for March 31, 2022, has increased to INR 510 
crores as of March 31, 2023. So, I will request Sunil to come in and give a bit 
of color on that. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
In the INR 510 crores I think term loan will be around 70% and the balance 
30% would be in the short-term category or OD. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 29 of 32 
Nikunj Agarwal: 
Thanks. And just one more, just continuing on Harith’s question which he 
was asking earlier on the GCC business. And when we look at Indian business 
matured hospitals, margins compared to peers is lower right? 
And now, on top of it we know that we have started entering into O&M 
business model where we have to look at from ROCE perspective. And 
recently, we have start focusing more on Indian business. So, what kind of 
the key levers for – from if I look three to four years down the line, revenue 
increase our margins on taking any businesses. 
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Nikunj if you look at peer groups also right. What I – what we see is that, for 
example, with respect to the hospital clinics which we shared the information, 
last year, if you saw or the full year we closed at 17.4% that is only the 
Hospitals and Clinics excluding the O&M assets. And now you can see that 
that has increased to almost 18.7% in FY 2023. That shows that almost 130 
basis points which should increase from year-on-year. In the future, one of 
the peer groups are doing versus something number we should be able to 
map at least in a couple of years and that is coming from two things. One is 
on the revenue assurance because we see that there is currently our India 
ARPOB is quite low say 36,000 to 37,000. That's one of the reason because we 
have majority of the assets sitting in Kerala as compared to Bangalore or any 
other metros. 
Second is but still we see a lot of scope to optimize the revenue assurance bit 
of it and increase the ARPOB. Third is on the cost lines. We already work done 
– and you can see that whatever the growth in the EBITDA margin which you 
have seen that is coming from the working and the cost lines also, optimize 
the material cost. There is something we should be taken last year and that is 
yielded results. And we see the further scope in working under. And also the 
HR cost also. That is something which we are looking at manpower per 
occupied bed and where there is a scope. 
And also very important thing is that our occupancy, right? On an overall we 
have 68%. Once their occupancy keep increase rate, we can help in leveraging 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 30 of 32 
the manpower which is already there. So, these are the multiple resources 
how on the levers which we have to increase the margins and which is very 
much possible. 
Nikunj Agarwal: 
Thanks Sunil. All the best 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Nikunj. The next question is from Satish 
Satish PN: 
Hi. So, my first question was with respect to your pledge, promoters pledge, 
it does increase from 10% to 99%. I believe this is for the purpose of raising 
funds for your GCC restructuring business. So, I just wanted to understand 
how much are we raising because of this pledge. And second question will 
be what are the terms for this particular debt and when will this debt release 
and how is this getting released – the pledge is getting released? 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah. So first of all, I just want to add this that we just raised this very minimal 
amount. Like I mentioned first, it's for the 4% acquisition which we did very 
recently for that debt was raised which was in the range of around $75 million. 
The total debt that we have is $75 million. It's nothing to do with increasing 
our stake or retaining our stake in GCC. So that's not the reason why the $75 
million has been taken. 
And even though it is only very minimal when compared to our total holding, 
there was a technical reason for raising funds outside the country and using 
it for the Share acquisition. So, we had to use this method by which this was 
done. So this $75 million, we hope that this will be released within the next 
one year is what we expect. And this won't be a long-standing debt by the 
promoters. 
So I would like Amitabh to give some color on this 
Amitabh Johri: 
Sure. So Satish thanks for the question. Given the fact that there was a need 
for raising funds in order to invest and buy 4% more of the company. And as 
chairman had explained that this pledge was against that. It's a pledge which 
we have taken for a limited period because given the restructuring, it's 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 31 of 32 
expected that a significant part of this particular loan would be repaid. And as 
the restructuring happens, this pledge will fall away from that. 
Satish PN: 
Yeah. So what I was asking is for a   4% increase in promoter share, pledging 
the entire 99%. I wasn't able to understand that economics? 
Amitabh Johri: 
Yeah. So Satish, this is largely structural because you're right I can say that for 
the 4% stake, the underlying security that was offered is significantly high. But 
this is largely for structural purposes given there are certain compliance needs 
for which we have done this. 
However, as I indicated, that the understanding with the bank is that as you 
go down the path of restructuring, a significant part of this, in fact, most of 
this would be repaid and this pledge will fall away. 
Balachander R: 
Thanks, Satish. In case if there is anybody else who would like to ask a 
question, please go ahead and raise your hands. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
If there are no more questions, I just wanted to just request the analyst, as 
well as those who are interested, so, one, now Hitesh has joined as the, I 
mean, Chief of Investor Relations and M&A. So he's available for you to, get 
in touch and have any information regarding the company. 
Apart from that, anything related to GCC, you can contact Amitabh, and 
anything related to India, you could contact Sunil for financial reasons. And of 
course, Nitish had some connectivity problem, Dr. Nitish. He has just joined 
now. He is the India CEO. He is also there on the screen now. 
So we'd like you to, in the interim, as we are going through this process, to 
contact these people, if any details are required 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
So, before we exit, may I request you to give a few lines on concluding 
thoughts that you have on how, given we are going through this restructuring 
and all, how the investors and analysts should look at the company going 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – FY23 Q4 Earnings Conference Call 
Page 32 of 32 
forward and from here on. So just a very high-level concluding thought would 
be preferable if that's possible. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Yeah. So, thank you. Thank you, Hitesh, for that. So, what we feel is that this 
will significantly unlock the value for the investor. So that is our hope. We 
have not been able to pay any dividend for the last five years since we were 
listed, and this is something which is always burning inside. 
So, we hope that – due to reasons that you all know, the India and GCC that 
have been this issue of the GCC not getting that value. So, we hope that this 
will be realized as we go forward. Apart from that, I also want to tell you that 
business on both sides are doing well. India, especially, are doing extremely 
well as the market is really booming and our team has – under the leadership 
of Nitish, we are hoping that we will do extremely well in India and we'll be at 
par with our peer group and going in that direction. 
In GCC also with Saudi coming in as well as the digital transformation, we hope 
that there will be significant improvement in the performance of the 
company. We know that we have lagged behind in some of the parameters 
like the EBITDA and PAT but this is only temporary. And we hope that we’ll be 
seeing better days as we go forward. Thank you very much. 
Balachander R: 
Thanks, Chairman. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the earnings call for 
this quarter. I thank you all and the management for joining us today. If you 
have any further questions, please do reach out to us. Thank you. 
Dr. Azad Moopen: 
Thank you, Bala. Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
