FAIRC H EM
A FAIRFAX COMPANY
To,
To,
National Stock Exchange of India
Department of Corporate Services
Limited
BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/i, G Block,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street,
Bandra (East),
Mumbai 400 001
Mumbai 400051
Ourselves: BSE Scrip Code: 543252/NSE symbol: ‘FAIRCHEMOR’
Dear Sirs,
Ref:
- Regulation 30 read with Schedule III - Part A, Para A - Clause 15(b)(ii) of
SEBI (LODR) Regulations. 2015
Sub:
- Submission of Transcript of audio recording of Earnings concall on financial
results for 1st Ouarter Ended lune 30. 2023
In our furtherance to our letter dated August 10, 2023, we hereby submit, pursuant to
Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A Clause i5(b)(ii) of the SEBI (LODR)
Regulations, 2015, a PDF file containing a transcript of audio recording of Earnings on
con-call held on Thursday, August 10, 2023 for the Unaudited Financial Results of the 1st
Quarter ended on June 30, 2023.
We request you to take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Fairchem Organics Limited
Jatin Jam
Deputy Company Secretary
AIRCHEM ORGANIC S LIMITED
Registered Office & Works: 253/P and 312, Village — Chekhala, Sanand — Kadi Highway,
Taluka : Sanand, Dist.: Ahmedabad —382 115, GUJARAT, INDIA
Phone ( Board Nos.): (02717) 687900, 687901, +91 90163 24095
E-mail : cs@fairchem.in
C.I.N. : L24200GJ2019PLC129759
website: www.fairchem.in
Date: August 16, 2023
End: As above

Fairchem Organics Limited
Qi FY24 Conference Call
August 10, 2023
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Qi FY24
Conference Call of Fairchem Organics Limited. As a reminder, all
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an
operator by pressing “i” then “O”on your touchtone phone. I now hand
the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank
you and over to you, Mr. Sonpal.
Anuj Sonpal:
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and a very warm welcome to you
all. My name is AnujSonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the
Investor Relations of Fairchem Organics Limited. On behalf of the
company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s
earnings call for the 1st Quarter of financial year 2024. Before we begin,
let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements
made in today’s earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties,
which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such
statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions
made
by
and
information
currently
available
to
management.
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The
purpose of today’s earnings call
is purely to educate and bring
awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial
quarter under review. Now,
I would like to introduce you to the
management participating with us in
call and hand it
Page 1 of 24

over to them for opening remarks. We have with us, Mr. Nahoosh
Jariwala, Managing Director and Chairman and Mr. Rajen ihaveri, Chief
Financial Officer. Without any further delay,
I request Mr. ihaverito
start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Rajen Jhaveri:
Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Earnings Call for 1st
Quarter of financial year2O23-2024. Let me first start off by giving you
some of the key financial highlights after which our CMD
— Shri
Nahoosh Jariwala, will give you some of the operational highlights. For
the 1st Quarter, the revenue from operations stood at Rs.161 crores,
EBITDA for the quarter was nearly Rs.12 crores with EBITDA margin at
7.29% and we reported a net profit after tax of approximately Rs.6
crores for the quarter. Now I request our CMD, Shri Nahoosh Jariwala
to brief you on the operational highlights for the period under review.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Good morning, everyone. The revenues were impacted due to possible
destocking by a few ofour customers, mainly triggered by continued
fluctuation in commodity prices coupled with dumping by China. In
fact,
I would like to say that there has been increase in volume
processed by us on quarter-to-quarter basis by 3.2%. Additionally, the
company incurred various expenses in development of isostearic acid.
The new product what our company has launched that was more
related with some loss of material that happened while testing some
job-work charges also were incurred for the trial of intermediate stage
and additional utility costs for settling the new product. And there also
was one-time cost incurred to REACH compliance registration which is
needed if you want to export our material to European nations. I would
like to say thatwe have successfully manufactured isostearic acid on the
plant and the samples have been approved by the top companies in US
and Europe and also in Japan. Now, we are waiting for the stability test,
which is a must as these products will have a shelf life of more than one
year. The companies who will be buying this product will have to
undertake a stability test and so once the stability tests are over, we will
Page 2 of 24

be able to start manufacturing the materials on regularbasis. We are
just waiting for the stability case results which might take some time,
but I would like to say that we have been the only company in India
which has been successful in manufacturing isostearic acid and we will
be one of the top five companies in the world. I meanthat is from my
side, as regards the new product and the reason for some drop in
overall profitability. Now,
I would like the floor to get open for
question-and-answer session. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer
session. Anyone who wishesto ask questions may press “~“ and “1” on
their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the
question queue, you may press “*“ and “2”. Participants are requested
to use handsets while asking questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first
question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio
Managers. Please go ahead.
Prakash Kapadia:
Couple of questions from my end. Last quarter, we were pretty
confident of growth comingback and we saw the year being on a good
note and Q1 and Q2 and demand scenario looked good. So, can you
help us understand slightly better, because if I look at sequential basis
sales are up by 5%-6% at 1.6 billion. So, what is really affecting this and
specifically, the gross margintrajectory again, we have seen, 600 basis
points fall in gross margin. So, what is happening on the raw material
front and you have been maintaining and talking about volatility in
commodity prices.
So,
post
COVID
if
you
know
on
investor
presentations, if you can plot, key raw material trends and what is
happening to the price impact. It will be better for us to relate to the
volatility because it is very difficult for us to understand what is
happening on a directional basis.
Okay, good point. As regards the presentation we need to put
Page 3of24

something on our website as we are the raw material trend. What we
do is our raw materials, the pricing is based on the pricingof vegetable
oils. And similarly, our finished products are also sold on basis of
vegetable oil. So,what we will do is we will put a chart which indicates
what are the month prices or quarterly basis of different types of.
Prakash Kapadia:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Maybe an indexation of 100? It was this or this. At least you know it will be.
Yes, very good suggestion. As regards your second question we were
pretty confident aboutour working when we had the conference call,
so let me tell you one thing, April, May the working was good. We never
expected any drop to happen, but in the month of June, suddenlythere
was a drop in demand and that is something we are not ahle to really
predict, what our customers would do? But I can say one thing for sure
that we have not lost any of our customerand neither new competition
has come in. In fact, in current month till date things current quarter till
date everything looks good and we are keeping our fingers crossed that
they will continue.
Rajen Jhaveri : Yes, as far as the drop in margin is concerned, we have
already given few reasons for the same in our investor presentation, but
broadly,
I will give you the reasons the trials which we took off
monobasic acid to make isostearic acid, the loss on account of their
ranging anywhere between Rs.1.5 to 2 crores. Then we had these
settling utility costs also, then outside job workcharges also. Then we
also had these commodity price fluctuating and one-time legal costof
REACH compliance these approximately was 45,00,000 or so. And on top
of that as Nahooshbhai said we had not anticipated any fall in the
revenue in the month of June. June, the fall in revenue against our
expectation was to the tune of Rs.10 crores and considering an average
raw material cost of 75% because other costs more or less are same.
So, our margin was impacted by approximately Rs.2.5 crores on account
of these drop in sales in the month of June only. So that was not
Page 4 of 24

anticipated when we did the call on May 31st or June 1st. So, these all
put together are the reasons for the fall in our EBITDA compared to
immediate previous quarter. As far as our volume is concerned, on a
year-on-year basis the volume is higher by 3.2% and on a Q-to-Q basis,
the sales volume is higher by approximately 18%. So, as we said, we
were expecting still higher volume, but then because of this June
impact, it did not happen. July hasgone up reasonably well. As far as
isostearic acid is concerned we remain quite optimistic and let me on
behalf of Nahooshbhai assure you that we have been able to make
isostearic. Of course it is under approval but we have been able to make
isostearic acid though we are the 5th or 6th company in the world only
in very very cost effective way and once our commercial shipments
start, it can go a long way, as far as our company is concerned.
Prakash Kapadia:
Okay, so there is no reason for us, to change that direction where
Rs.700 crore plus kind of revenues with stability in margin should
happen for the rest of the year.
Nahoosh Jariwa a:
No, I do not think so any change, any knee jerk reaction is needed at this
stage, not
at all.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
We are not able to really understand how China is going to behave.
There is massive dumpingfrom China and our dimer which is one of the
main products. We have to retain the market share by hook or crook
and that is exactly what we are doing because it took years for us to
reach a market share of 75% from 25%. Now at this stage, I do not want
to lose because China is dumping and
I just want to give them way to
sell more. No, that’s notthe thing we are going head-on.
Rajen ihaveri:
So even though it results into lesser margins we want to retain our
market share.
Pr ~
- dia:
And lastly from my side sir, if you could give us some sense, as we have
Page 5 of 24

expanded? How muchof sales contribution is from paint and is there a
relation between consumption of linoleic acid and dimer acid ? Are
both used in a certain proportion and directionally how much should
paintbe as percentage of our sales?
Rajen Jhaveri:
Including linoleic acid and dimer acid in terms of value, it comprises
approximately 74% to 75%of our total sales. It will be close to 49% and
50% and from dimer it would be balance 24%-25%. And now we have
earmarked these two things, linoleic acid is from one stream of raw
material and dimer acid is from another stream of raw material.
Prakash Kapadia:
What I was trying to understand paints as an end user would be what
50% of our overall salesas of now are on expanded capacity?
Rajen ihaveri and Nahoosh Jariwala:
Yes.
Prakash Kapadia:
And second largest after paints would be what inks industry?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Yes, basically epoxy
hardener.
Prakash Kapadia:
Okay, so what I was trying to understand, sir, say paints is around 50%
plus of our sales, inkswould be what 15%-20% of our sales is what I was
trying to understand.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
No, ink and paints together is 50%.
Prakash Kapadia:
OK, ink and paints. Okay, understood, I will join back if I have more
questions.
Rajen Jhaveri:
aint is decorative paint.
Prakash Kapadia:
Yes, decora ive, not the industrial thing.
Mod~
Thank you. Before we take the next question, we would like to inform
Page 6 of 24

participants that in order that the management is able to address
questions from all participants in the conference, please limit your
questions to two per participant. The next question is from the line of
Rahil Dasani from Smart Sync services. Please go ahead.
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen ihaveri:
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Rahil Dasani:
I have a few questions. I will take them one by one. The first question
is, in a time when entrybarriers are reducing for several industries and
new players with stronger and better technology are taking a market
share from the old ones who went obsolete by have R&D cost being so
low, it is close to 0.0003%. of sales. So, do you plan to increase this?
How are you planning to get future ready and protect your future
revenue? So, basically it is a three-part question. Why are the costs so
low? Do you plan on increasing it ?
We have been doing these R&D, this isostearic, stearic, everything is
developed in our R&Donly. But this is not a pharma company. This is
specialty chemicals company in a niche segmentcompany where we are
specializing.
Are there any new products in the pipeline which you are currently
developing right now?
Yes, so as far as our R&D is concerned, we are not conserving the
resources by not doing R&D whatever is required for R&D we are
spending on that and because of that only we are at this stage of
isostearic acid, we are the 5th or 6th company only in the world to
make isostearic acid and the first Indian company and even China has
not been able to make isostearic acid asof now. So only by increasing
the percentage spending of R&D, we would be able to make a better
product or more products that is not the case.
So, the second question is, as you already said, shipments are started
for isostearic, trial shipments, I guess I missed the first part. So, what
sort of margins are you expecting there? Second of all, how have the
customer reviews been till now and what is the total sales contribution
Page 7 of 24

you are expecting from this product?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen ihaveri : And
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen ihaveri:
Initial sample approvals have happened and all the companies where
we have sent thesamples, both in lubricant industry as well as cosmetic
industry, but now we are waiting for thestability test results. As all these
products are being used where the shelf-life is of utmost importance,
right? So, the companies would have to undertake stability tests which
mighttake some time. Otherwise, everything is through with it. Once
we get the stability test resultsbecause initial purchase orders have also
been received. It is not that we are waiting for purchase orders also. So,
if the thing is that till that level, so we are just waiting, sittingtight. Once
the results are out and we receive it, we will start shipping the material.
the incremental revenue from this isostearic acid is expected to be around
Rs.25 crores per quarter incremental
revenue instead of selling
monobasic acid, we are now making isostearic acid so that incremental
revenue on account of that per quarter for three months is expected to
be around Rs.25 crores.
Okay, so just in continuation to this, you have said isostearic is a
forward
integration
of monobasic.
So,
are you
like completely
backward
integrated
or
are you
buying some
monobasic? And
secondly, if you are completely backward integrated, do you still have
some monobasic left to sell it outside?
The monobasic acid, our company has been generating since last 20
years. Whenever we makedimer acid, which is our prime product, as
discussed earlier in the call. Monobasic acid, it is
Page 8 of 24

simultaneously generated when we make dimer acid, monobasic acid
is as a co-product is simultaneously generated and since last 20 years,
we have been selling the monobasic acid. Since last couple of years, we
tried to make a further value-added product from thismonobasic acid
and we have now reached this stage of making of isostearic acid. So off
late, we have stopped selling monobasic acid and earmarked that
monobasic acid quantity for making isostearic acid. That is why we said
incremental revenue.
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen Jhaverh
Moderator:
Prit Nagersheth:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Okay, so basically you are not buying any monobasic from the market,
right?
It will not be available. It is captive consumption of our monobasic acid.
In India, no one makesdimer acid and monobasic acid apart from us.
So, it is not available within India also.
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prit
Nagersheth from Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead.
One question,
I had Nahooshbhai was regarding that the margin
guidance that you have given at the start of the year was something
around 14% as for the full year. Now, given that volumes will be
maintained, but with China dumping, those margins may not be
sustainable. Do you have a sense of what could be a sustainable margin
that we should expect?
If dumping from China stops, immediately it will roll back to the 14%-
15% level. See, as lexplained earlier, I do not want to lose out on the
market share and for that I would try and noone is going to pay me any
higher price compared to my competitor. So,
I mean that is the
situation. It’s a cat and mouse situation for us. I mean whether to sell
less at a higher price or to maintain the market at whatever price till
the Chinese dumping stops, which
I feel might take maximum two
Page 9 of 24

quarters. And see because the even the government would have to do
something about it. Because all the specialty paint companies are
suffering like us.
Prit Nagersheth:
Rajen ihaveri:
custom duty.
Rajen ihaveri:
Prit Nagersheth:
Nahoosh Jariwa a:
Rajen ihaveri:
Prit Nagersheth:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Prit Nagersheth:
So, you mean the Chinese dumping continue?
The rate 7.5% and 10% surcharge. So, it is effectively only 8.25% is the
So, if China subsidizes this product to a substantial extent, then these
Indian companies will beforced to bring down their price if they want
to maintain their quantity share.
So, my question was that assuming that this continues, we should
expect similar margins in the forthcoming quarter that we saw in this
1st Quarter.
It should be better than 1st Quarter.
And with isostearic thing coming whenever it comes once the stability
tests etcetera get overand then that would help us in improving the
margin, irrespective of these China factor for dimer acid.
These stability tests that you mentioned is that something that you
have already completed atyour end?
We have completed at our end, but it is the customer who will make
their product and do the stability test. We have done stability test of
isostearic. The product stability test only the customer can do.
And how much time will it take for them to roughly another 2-3 months
for this testing can bedone?
Nahoosh
max that is what we feel.
Page 10 of 24

Prit Nagersheth:
And how much ramp up would you need to start the incremental the
production on?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Zero ramp up. Everything is ready. We are just waiting. All plant is
ready. Everything is ready.
Rajen Jhaveri: Everything is in place, including the entire team, people everything is there.
Prit Nagersheth:
Right, wonderful. Okay, thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanika Agarwal from
Green Portfolio Private Limited. Please go ahead.
Tanika Agarwal:
So, I was asking like when you say like the topline was getting impacted
or impacted the quarterone due to this de-stocking by our customers.
So, was it the export revenue that was impacted more or was it the
domestic revenue?
Rajen ihaveri:
Domestic sales, yes. Export anyway is very less in the presentation we
have given the bifurcation of domestic and export. I think export sale is
4% only domestic is 96%.
Tanika Agarwal:
And also, when you say like to retain our market share? For like due to
this anti-dumping from Chinese players. Is it fair to say that our plan to
sail through this aggressive strategy adopted by the Chinese player is
to be a price taker only?
Nahoosh Jariwa a:
It makes sense for us to maintain the market share, that’s what we feel.
Rajen ihaveri:
We are in this business since last 20 years 2002 we are in this business
of dimer acid. And this Chinese competition might have come in about
10-12 years or 12 years or so only.
Tanika
So basically, to retain our market share, we are just playing along.
Page 11 of 24

Nahoosh Jariwala:
Tanika Agarwal:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Tanika Agarwal:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen ihaveri:
Tanika Agarwal:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Pricing mechanism because if you really look at it, our material cost has
gone up from averagearound 70%-72% to around 80%-82%. So that is
the only impact because we have to bring down up finished product
prices, that is the only thing. Otherwise, there is nothing. Everything
else is under control.
Alright, I am sure when we talk about this isostearic acid if you can
talk a little about theopportunity size of this product.
Opportunity of isostearic? It is really wonderful product. It goes in
making of biodegradable lubricants and cosmetics. And we will be
working at full capacity. We have created the plant of matching
capacity.
And what would be the overall market size for this product.
We will be hardy 5%-7% of total world’s market.
At full at our full capacity also we will be 5%-7% only. So, we are not
anticipating any difficulty in selling this 5%-7% or taking the market
share of 5%-7%.
Okay understood. Ijust wanted isostearic acid only you aforementioned
that you have stopped selling the monobasic acid. So, what was the
revenue you were getting from the sale of the monobasic acid?
As I said mam, 74%-75% comes from two brand products. These linoleic
acid and its co-products, soya fatty acid and dimer acid balance 25%,
approximately
4%-5%
is
from
nutraceutical
,
so
that
leaves
approximately 20%, and that 20% comprises of everything monobasic
acid, palmitic acid, other fatty acid, residue, everything put together so
individually, these monobasic acid, palmitic acid, everything would be
anywhere between 4%-7% in the bandof 4%-7% or so.
Page 12 of 24

Moderator:
A Upganlawar:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen ihaveri : Earlier
A Upganlawar:
Rajen ihaveri:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar
from lnvesQ Investment Advisors. Please go ahead.
Sir, if we look at the past 5-6 years, we had a pretty stable business
where we did not see allthese disruptions so-called what we have seen
last three, four quarters on the raw material side or on the demand side
on the topline because of the dumping that you are talking about. So,
this Chinese angle that you are talking about, has this been noticed
earlier also where it becomes very aggressive sometimes in terms of
dumping and then we have an impact and or this is pretty new to us
and is there any representations to the government or something that
is being made to ensure that the domestic industry is protected or this
is absolutely going to be market driven now.
We
are
too
small
a
company for
really to
go
and
do
any
representation
in
government. Basically, if you really look at it,
specialty chemical sector itself is suffering. All the companies are
suffering. So may be some day government will have to act based on
that situation and we have never seen this type of dumping happening
from China. This is something which has started since last couple of
months.
disruptions on account of this, you were talking about last four quarters
disruption etcetera, earlier disruptions were on account started with
this war on February 2022 and the lot of volatility in vegetable prices in
previous conference calls also.
Right, we are aware of that, sir.
The vegetable oil price had increased from 80 to 160. Then again it fell
to 120, then again rose to 140 and then again 90, etcetera. So, this
dumping of Chinese is the latest phenomenon only.
Page 13 of 24

Nahoosh Jariwala: Since last quarter it has started.
A Upganlawar:
And you mentioned that July, August have been better, but that you
are talking about the volume sales rather than the overall business
margins and stuff.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Everything, we keep our fingers crossed.
Rajen ihaveri: August is just 10 days only.
Nahoosh Jariwala: July and August, yes, we are in volume wise and we are keeping our fingers
crossed till then it is normal.
A Upganlawar:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Moderator:
Bhavesh Chauhan:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
No, volumes are normal, but the pricing is still under pressure. Is that?
Pricing obviously they are affected. I mean, that is affecting here as I
have been explaining, Iwant to retain the market. I will not lose market
share because later on, to regain that would be a tough thing.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from
IDBI Capital. Please goahead.
Sir again with regard to this Chinese dumping, how are we so confident
in their dumping andthey are not cost competitive?
Because nothing is coming from Europe and all these years, we were
able to maintain a market share of 75% and still making money. So that
is the in fact that is the proof of the pudding. And even at this price, we
are not losing money. We are taking a beating on the margin. Maybe
there is some government support or maybe they are unwinding their
stock position. We do not know anything. It is not because our yields
are nearing what theoretical possible yields are there. Everything is
lined with that. So, we are fairly confident that it’s not any technological
age because of which they are able to sell at a lesser price.
Page 14 of 24

Bhavesh Chauhan:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
And also, if what if China keeps dumping for next one or two years
because in steel industry,we have seen that they spoiled the world
market between 2009 to 2020 and if this kind of thing continues in
chemicals also what is our way out of this?
See we have started making isostearic acid. That is one thing which will
give us added as it is a core product of dimer. It will help us because it
is a product which is going to give us better margins. So overall we will
be better placed. That is our strategy.
Rajen ihaveri : Anywhere volume rise of range of 7%-8% or so or other cost more or less will
remain same. So that will also help us in improving.
Nahoosh Jariwala: I do not think government would let the chemical sector die. I do not think
so.
Bhavesh Chauhan:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Moderator:
Janmajay Gandhi:
But this new product at peak, how much can it contribute to total
sales?
Already said that incremental revenue will be Rs.25 crores per
quarter.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Janmajay Gandhi from
IVG Trust, please go ahead.
Good afternoon, Nahoosh Bhai.
I wanted to find out, I think you are
also developing anotherbio lubricant besides isostearic acid. Can you
give us some idea on that product and what is thetimeline process and
step required? Does that also require stability test from the consumers,
the companies that you would be supplying, would they be same as
isostearic, the same customers or and what is the timeline for
commercialization of that product?
You are talking about that biofuel project?
Rajen
Page 15 of 24

Janmajay Gandhi:
Yes, sir.
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Moderator:
Jagvir Singh:
Rajen ihaveri:
Jagvir Singh:
Rajen ihaveri:
Currently, that biofuel project is ready with us. It is not that plant is not
ready, but we are notmaking because right now the prices of vegetable
oils are higher than the price of diesel. So, it does not make any sense
for us to manufacture biofuel. So that is the reason, because that new
plant, what we
had
created
biofuel
plant,
it was for multiple
applications and one of the uses of that plant was manufacturing of
isostearic acid also. Similarly, we are working on one new product, also,
wherein that particular plant will be used and whenever it becomes
viablefor us to manufacture biofuel, we will start biofuel manufacturing
also. In that, no stability or anything is required.
Thank you. The next question is from the line ofJagvir Singh from Shade
Capital. Please go ahead.
My question is related to the margins. So, in the last quarter vegetable
oil prices are low,so our raw material prices are low. Even then is there
any connection between these two things? Can you give some color on
this, sir?
Pardon, you are talking about lower margin this quarter compared to
immediate precedingquarter?
This quarter, yes even when the vegetable oil prices are at low, so
when vegetable prices are at low, our raw material prices are also very
low.
No, that would impact the topline if vegetable price is low, the top line
would be impacted ifthe vegetable price is higher, the top line will be
higher. But as far as margin is concerned, margin would depend on how
the pro rata raw material pricing is there and how the finished good
prices are there. And as Nahooshbhai already said that dimer which
contributes approximately25% of our sales in terms of sales value. If for
Page 16 of 24

maintaining the market share, we have sold thisdimer acid at a lesser
price or at a lesser margin that would overall impact our margin. And
further, we have already mentioned in our presentation, the other
reasons for the fall in margin in this quarter. So, pricing of vegetable oil
per se lower does not does not necessarily result in the higher margin.
There are other factors also. Like due to trials, there was a legal
compliance cost. There was a utility cost for making of isostearic acid.
See if you are the 6th or 7th company in the world only making
isostearic acid. Then you need to incur those kinds of trials, and you
may end up making some losses before finally achieving the result.
Jagvir Singh:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Jagvir Singh:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Moderator:
Except from this new product, so we can see some revenue in the 04 or
03.
We are expecting revenue to start from 03. Now let us hope forthe best
as Nahooshbhai said that we have completed our trials of isostearic
acid. Now our customers abroad, they have used their particular
samples sent by us. They have made the product. Now they are taking
the stability risk as of their product, which is made from our isostearic
acid.
Okay and last question is we have one and half month and gone in this
second quarter. So, atthe current price, is there any improvement in
the margins compared to the 1st Quarter?
Current quarter we are at 10th of August only, so it is difficult to predict
that what
is going to be the July
- September quarter.
But as
Nahooshbhai said July was fairly reasonable and we hope August also
to be fairly reasonable.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from
Congruence Advisors. Please go ahead.
My broad question would be on the dimer acid. So, if we look at the,
as you said, the marketshare has been increased from 25% to 75%. So,
Page 17 of 24

can you just cover the history, how we make itfrom 25% to 75% How
many companies was there and now we are the only sole manufacturer
so how industry has been evolved for the dimer acid. Can you just give
a broad sense on that part?
Rajen ihaveri:
Pujan Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Pujan Shah:
See all end users of dimer acid then they would have both the
suppliers. So, there is no question of adding the customer or dropping
the customer. See, our product goes into B2B segment, all our products
go into B2B segment. Suppose, we assume that there are say two
dozen end users of dimer acid in India, who make polyamides. Now
these all two dozen customers or more than that, whatever is the
customer number, of them would be using our dimer acid also and all
of them would be using Chinese dimer acid also. It is a question of we
gradually replacing gradually penetrating and increasing our market
share in their overall use of the dimer acid.
Yes,
I got it, but is that like as we have seen the industry has
consolidated? So just wanted to know how many players were there
like 10 years back or 20 years back and how many have quit the industry
size because of the like not being competitive?
No one has quit the industry, no one has quit any. Maybe we would
have added / doubled ourcustomer base.
Sir, just wanted to know why we have so much like we know that the
China is dumping. So why are we have so much of that having we
wanted to main because ultimately after the dumping,the price would
be more than what our pricing is and then ultimately, we will again
regain the market share. So why we are emphasizing more on the
market share and losing the pricing terms like what are your thought
process on that?
If you had heard our earlier conversation, what we said is whenever
we make dimer acid, we simultaneously get monobasic acid and this
Page 18 of 24
Rajei

isostearic is made from monobasic acid only. Now isostearic acid is a
very promising product. So, if we want to make isostearic acid, we need
monobasic acid and if we need monobasic acid then we have to make
dimer acid also and if we need dimer acid also, we have to ensure that
the dimer acid is sold also. So, this business is entirely linked with each
other and further, we want to retain our market share also. So, itis a
double-edged sword. We want to retain our market share also, we
want to make more dimer acid also so that we can get more monobasic
acid and so that we can make more isostearic acid. So, it is a business
decision in the interest of the company only.
Pujan Shah:
And my last question would be if like suppose if we are not impact like
considering the cost ofwhat we have done for this specific isostearic
acid for the samples approval and the other costwhich we have spent
for isostearic what would be the impact on EBITDA it would be like
suppose significantly 10% or 20% delta change or it would be less than
that?
Rajen ihaveri:
In absolute amount, I will tell you because of these trials etc, we would
have lostapproximately Rs.2 crores during this quarter. Then impacting
our revenue in the month of June. Had it not happened, that would
have given us additional Rs.2.5 crores. And these legal compliance cost
of Rs. 50,00,000. So, all these three factors put together itself resulted
into Rs. 5crores of fall In the EBITDA and we are not considering these
additional utility cost in our plant or the job-work charges which we
paid to for a couple of intermediate trials which we took outside etc.
Had we not undertaken this isostearic trial etc itself, then our margin
would have been more or less what was in the immediately preceding
quarter. But we are looking for the better future and for the better
future you need to bear some loss in one or two quarters, then only you
will get this better future.
Yes, right, absolutely correct. I got your point. Thank you so much. That
would be from my side.
Page 19 of 24

Moderator:
Rahil Dasani:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rahil Dasani:
vegetable oil.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Dasani from
Smart Sync Services. Pleasego ahead.
My question is, as you know your linoleic acid is used in the paint
segment. So, are there anysubstitutes for linoleic acid overall?
Yes, vegetable oil, oil itself, prime oil, refined soybean oil.
Indirect substitution for linoleic acid, right? No, further production of
Rajen ihaveri:
Yes.
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen ihaveri:
Okay and the second question is your employee costs have been
reducing since 2020. So, what has been the cause of this and are you
planning to reduce it further and have we done some automation in
the new production capacity?
Pardon, what are you saying automation and salary cost?
As we have done some automation in the new production capacity we
have brought in the newclient for the new products.
No, our overall employee strength would remain more or less same.
Only at the very bottom level, operators etc as and when we increase
the equipments
- utility equipment, the production equipment only
operators and helpers only will increase. All persons at manager and
above level would remain same. They have remained same over a
period of last close to 2-3 years, ever since the COVID time only, we
have not increased, though our sales might have increased or in future
will increase. The personnel appointed at manager and above level
would remain same only.
Page 20 of 24

Nahoosh Jariwala: And second thing is we have 100%, all our plants are on DCS.
Rahil Dasani:
Rajen ihaveri:
Moderator:
Mehul Chawla:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Mehul Chawla:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen ihaveri:
And the last question is just to confirm it the new product which we
are talking about in the last conference call that is biofuel.
Biofuel just now Nahooshbhai already explained that another speaker
inquired about biofuel.Nahooshbhai already explained that it is not
viable as of now. We are ready with that, but as of now it is not viable
and we had simultaneously considered several applications, though the
plant name was only given biofuel. But that itself contains several
product applications in there, and from that only partly utilizing that
plant only, we are making these isostearic acid.
Thank you. Next questiQn is from the line of Mehul Chawla from RW
Equity. Please go ahead.
Just want to ask if you look at the presentations of, Patanjali and Adani
Wilmar, both of themhave talked about expanding into downstream
products and oleochemicals. So, is that going to impact the availability
of raw material for you, if they are also consuming whatever they
produce in-house, whatever waste from edible oil.
No,
basically
as
I
explained
earlier,
we
are
in
soft
oils
and
predominantly Adani are in hard oilswhich are palm and coconut. And
they already have oleochemical plant in Mundra.
Okay, So, do you see availability of the raw material that you require
as a constraint or it iseasily available?
No, we do not see it as a constraint.
Only because Adani is further going into these that is not goingto impact
the availability of softoil byproducts.
Page 21 of 24

Nahoosh Jariwala:
There are lots of other players a so and we are using all the soft oils.
Mehul Chawla:
All the soft oils, okay thank you, sir and fully support your business
strategy of maintaining market share.
I think there is a temporary
challenging period, but I think going forward, it should help us. Thank
you, sir.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from
Anived Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead.
Prakash Kapadia:
In terms of the tonnage process dye got to 3%-3.5% year-on-year
tonnage process. So, it would be around 15,000 tons, right?
Rajen Jhaveri:
3.2% is on year-on-year quarterly basis Qi of 2023-2024 over Qi of
2022-2023. The volumegrowth is 3.2%
Prakash Kapadia:
So that should be around 14,900 tons, right?
RajenJhaveri:
Since we are talking about sales, you are talking about quantity
processed, or you are talkingabout sales.
Prakash Kapadia:
Yes, quantity processed.
Rajen Jhaveri:
Quantity process the year-on-year growth is 2.8% from 14,000
something to 14,000 something. So, it is a 2.8% quantity growth year-
on-year basis.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prit Nagersheth from
Wealth Finvisor. Please go ahead.
Prit Nagersheth:
Just wanted to understand what should be the gross margins for the
isostea nc product. Whatshould we anticipate?
Rajen ihaveri:
It is a value-added product and let sample be first approved and then
the pricing
But should we expect it to be higher than the margins that we see for
Page 22 of 24

dimer?
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Margins are going to be higher,
Rajen Jhaveri: otherwise we would not have been talking so optimistically about that.
Nahoosh Jariwala: You have to understand we are, that’s not a single
company in India and maybe we are the 5th or the 6th company in the
world. So obviously the margins are going to be good.
Prit Nagersheth:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Prit Nagersheth:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Rajen Jhaveri:
Prit Nagersheth:
Moderator:
Nirag Shah:
And should we expect any other trials in this quarter?
For ssnatching someone else’s market share of 5%-7%, may be we
will have to do some pricingstrategy. That is all. It is a short term thing.
And should we expect any further trials in the second quarter?
No, we have successfully made it on plant. And we have stabilized our
process. So, no more trials needed.
And in a very cost-effective manner. Important thing is in a very cost-
effective manner and that is why we are so optimistic about this
particular thing.
And I think just like the previous speaker would definitely congratulate
that management isdoing very well in such kind of time. So, wish you
all the best.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirag Shah from
Exemplar Investments. Pleasego ahead.
How much approximate time it will take for us to become R[ACII
compliant?
We are already REACH compliant. We have got it.
Nahoosh
Page 23 of 24

Nirag Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
it on website.
Nirag Shah:
Nahoosh Jariwala:
Moderator:
Rajen ihaveri:
Moderator:
Okay and what is the status of that project regarding the new raw
material that we are planningto introduce?
It would take some time. Once it is at the pilot plant stage, we will put
Last quarter, you told that by Q4 is expected to go on steam. So, it is on
track.
Yes, it is on track working fine, but still as again it is a novel product.
We are going to be thefirst company doing it in India. So yes, it might
take something, couple of months more, but that is it. We are on track.
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now
like to hand the conference back to the management team for closing
comments.
Thank you everyone for participating in this conference call Qi. Thank
you, everyone. Thankyou, Anuj Bhai.
Thank you very much. On behalf of Fairchem Organics Limited, that
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and
gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 24 of 24
