` 
 
 
31 May 2023 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
Quarter ending 31 March 2023. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
https://youtu.be/L9oPl6VC93w 
 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
MURUGESH C
Digitally signed by MURUGESH C 
Date: 2023.05.31 18:08:53 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Page Industries Limited 
 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. GANESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. K. CHANDRASEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. GAGAN SEHGAL – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER - 
PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL SHUKLA – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF RETAIL 
OFFICER – PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Page Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. S. Ganesh, Managing Director, Page Industries 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Thank you, thank you so much and good evening everyone. Thank you all for joining us on the 
call this evening. Well, we ended the year well and we clocked a healthy growth, though we had 
a challenging Q4. As expected, the demand is subdued. Q4 performance was also coloured by 
the impact of ARS implementation. As you remember, we had paused ARS during the pandemic 
and reintroduced ARS during the second half of this year. 
Given the scale and complexities of 4,800 plus distributed accounts, we know this is going to 
take some more time to make this transformation shift from push-based to pull-based auto 
replenishment system. We believe this is the most important transformation which will pave the 
way for years to come. While the overheads were not optimally absorbed in the Q4, we have 
taken aggressive measures to control cost as we move forward. 
We are very, very optimistic about the long-term view of the business given the consumption, 
industry and economic drivers and we continue to focus on intensifying general trade 
distribution, modern trade expansion including rapid expansion of exclusive brand outlets, 
growing online business, improving our customer experience, strengthening our product 
portfolio and in ensuring a very robust supply chain which is robust and agile. 
Let me take you through some quick highlights before our CFO details the financial performance 
for the quarter and for the full year. Our full year revenue has grown by 23.2% whereas the 
volume has grown by 13.1%. Q4 revenues have degrown by 12.8% year on year and 20.8% 
quarter on quarter whereas volumes degrew YoY and QoQ by 14.6 and 19.2 respectively. 
EBITDA margin degrowth for the quarter can be attributed to higher product cost and under 
absorption of other overheads and as I told you before we are taking measures to control all the 
expenses as we move forward. As we reinstated normal advertising expenses this year, a good 
share of that was invested during Q4. As of March end we are present in 120,000 plus MBOs, 
1,289 EBOs and 3,000 plus LFS. Our channel expansion continues to be in line with our plans 
and we are also happy to inform you that our e-commerce business has grown by 41% in Q3 and 
34% in Q4. 
I will now let our CFO Mr. K. Chandrasekhar to give a detailed view on our financial 
performance after which we would be happy to take your questions. As usual, on our panel 
today, we have our CFO, and I'm also joined by Mr. Gagan Sehgal, our Chief Operating Officer; 
and Mr. Rahul Shukla, President & Chief Retail Office. They will be more than happy to answer 
any questions that you may have in their respective domains. 
Thank you once again for joining the call today, and over to Chandrasekar. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
K. Chandrasekar: 
Thank you Mr. Ganesh once again welcome you to the Page Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Call. FY ‘23 
results were good we clocked INR47,886 million compared with INR38,865 million as some of 
you would have noted. This is a growth of 23% the volumes had a 13% growth to nearly 216 
million pieces. EBITDA showed a growth of about 10% to INR28,627 million. The margins are 
at 18% EBITDA margins are at 18% which compares with about 20.2% in the previous year 
mainly due to sales related expenses and advertisement investments. 
The FY ‘23 PAT is at INR5,712 million which is 6.5% growth over the previous year. The PAT 
percentage is 11.9 compared with 13.8. The quarterly Q4 performance has not been up to our 
expectations due to the external environment and that we did not achieve the revenues we were 
planning. So we ended up at 9,691 million which is a degrowth of about 13%, quarter-on-quarter 
degrowth of about 21%. 
The EBITDA reported at INR1,345 million compares with the INR2671 million year-on-year 
and this is a degrowth of around 50%m YoY, quarter-on-quarter there is a degrowth in EBITDA 
of around 30%.  
EBITDA margins are at 13.9% and it compares with 24% year on year and around 16% quarter-
on-quarter. As explained by MD in the opening remarks, the margins are impacted due to COGS 
of 2.6% and 7.6% opex and because we could not achieve the revenues the absorption has been 
over. While we have not stopped investing in advertisement but the absorption of all the opex 
has been over. 
The Q4 PAT profit of the tax is at INR784 million. It's a degrowth of around 59% year-on-year 
and quarter-on-quarter it is a degrowth of around 37%. The PAT margins therefore are 8.1% 
compares with year-on-year 17.1 and quarter-on-quarter 10.1%. Inventory has also been at an 
all-time high so far. We are close to almost INR15,950 million and quarter-on-quarter it is about 
INR14,963 million. 
Inventory days are 120 against 92 of the previous year and of course due to the lower revenues 
and volume, the inventory is taking much longer. As you know, we had done advance inventory. 
We plan for advance inventory in anticipation of growth which didn't happen so therefore the 
inventory will take longer to liquidate. The net working capital is at 7,017 million compares with 
about INR8,045 million quarter on quarter. The working capital days at 59 days are generally in 
line with the previous year. 
So, with this I hand over for the Q&A session please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, first question pertains to the growth side. So despite Omicron wave, if I see Y-o-Y degrowth 
looks a bit loud in numbers. So just wanted to understand if you can give some more read on the 
slowdown that we are witnessing and how in your assessment how early you see this demand 
sentiment turning around for us? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Okay Tejash, thanks for asking this question Tejash and there are two parts to your question 
because for us this is part of this market and second part is because we also knew what we are 
getting into when we are implementing the auto replenishment system. So if we look at our Q4 
performance, yes the market has been subdued and we actually expected Q4 to be from a market 
sentiment point of view much better than what we thought it is going to what actually turned out 
to be. 
So that did impact and we also were bracing ourselves for some initial setbacks as far as ARS is 
concerned because you know during the pandemic the distributors inventory became varied 
outside it because they were buying based on what is available rather than what is required by 
the market and you know there was a huge demand shift that the market witnessed. So both of 
it didn't help. 
This is also one reason we thought we would rather take that bitter pill and accelerate the ARS 
implementation because the faster we do the better. So and this is a very complex and the sheer 
size of this transformation is so big that we were expecting few quarters of tightness but the 
market not being so buoyant also didn't help us. 
As you know we have 4,800 plus distributor accounts and we know that this is going to take 
time and we need to go at SKU basis because what actually happened during the first phase was 
that the core styles you know they were having extra inventory and that was coming down but 
it was not triggering a reorder and the other styles which are potential winners for us which were 
not actually purchased and this is also to do with the liquidity in the market and other aspects. 
Now that we have we have got some help on these we are able to push it further but this is a 
very, very important transformational project for our company which will help us for quarters 
to come. So it is good if we tighten ourselves for one or two quarters more till we cross the 
bridge and we are taking all necessary action to protect our margins as we move forward and 
implement this flawlessly. 
Tejash Shah: 
Is the peak phase of this transition behind us? Or you believe, as you said, 2 quarters more? So 
should we expect that the peak will actually be in the coming quarter of this transition? 
K. Chandrasekar: 
It is a tough question to answer because it is very difficult to dissect how much is because of this 
ARS transformation and how much is because of the market, which is not buoyant. If we think 
by latter half of Q1, in fact, by June, if things will start moving around, we will definitely see 
huge improvements. So in fact, we already see some improvements. But this would be much 
better than what we are thinking. So we are basing ourselves when market improves, we will be 
the first guys to bounce back. We are all ready for it. So first one if you ask me I think we have 
seen the bottom of it. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. Second, if you can give some colour on the current slowdown in terms of qualitatively, 
are you seeing it much higher in certain category or channel 
V. S. Ganesh: 
It is across the channel off-line basically because as you see, we had a pretty healthy growth in 
the online channel. So we are trying to understand why this is happening. But if you see it is 
across, and we think the consumers are postponing the buy, and it's consumer time because 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
luckily we are in the discretionary space so we will be the first ones to recover. That's how we 
read it. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. And sir, last one, if I may, would you take any pricing intervention to revive demand in 
terms of cutting or offering some... 
V. S. Ganesh: 
We are fairly priced. I think we are a value for money brand and we don't see any immediate 
need for a price intervention, because if you see, despite all this, we have performed better than 
many other brands, so price is not a barrier for us. We don't see an immediate need for 
intervention. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So my first question is with regards to the high-priced 
inventory of cotton. So is it now over or because of the subdued sales, we do see still the high-
price inventory being carried in the inventory? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Gaurav, yes, since we were carrying a lot of inventory the high price of cotton, we did have that 
impact in Q4, but the benefit has started flowing in, and I can say even as late as March of Q4, 
we have started seeing the benefit. So we have crossed a bridge. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay, sir. So my next question is with regards to the demand pattern only. We have seen some 
demand volatility over the past couple of years with some sharp demand across the industry due 
to the COVID pent-up demand. And now this demand seems to be normalizing either by way of 
lower customer demand or ARS implementation. So on a CAGR basis, do you think that would 
be the right metric to look at the demand? Or do you see this impact is temporary and we might 
see the old demand coming back? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
I find, Gaurav, the market looks very subdued. So I think it will take some more time for the old 
demand to come back. We are actually patiently watching as we are ready to bounce back the 
moment the market recovers. Generally, across trade, the inventory is very high. The inventory 
levels are very high. There is tightness as far as liquidity is concern. So I think it will take some 
more time for recovery to be seen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
The first question is in our inventories. So when we ended 3Q, our inventory level was already 
very high and given that the demand scenario doesn't look very buoyant, what is your take to the 
incremental built up even quarter-on-quarter in 4Q? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
There are two reasons, Ashish. One is, of course, the demand was not as we anticipated. But the 
second part is, we had a high level of raw material inventory. This is because as you saw, it's 
one, the demand was so high and the market was so buoyant, and nobody predicted this kind of 
drop. And therefore, the supply chain was gearing up for a high operating level and they were 
purchases. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
During the pandemic also as Chandrasekar rightly said in his opening remarks, during the 
pandemic also, we built inventory because the supply chain was so disrupted, we did build 
inventory. So what we did was we converted this raw material to finished goods because we 
have to keep our operating costs at an optimum level, we need to utilize our capacities. So we 
made sure that this inventory build-up is healthy, and we make sure that what we are producing 
our core sites so that we don't have the threat of slow-moving or non-moving inventory at a data 
point all the time. 
So it was a balancing act of utilizing our inventory to utilize the capacities we have built and 
thereby manage the operating cost and also have a healthy inventory at finished goods. So this 
year, we are very optimistic will normalize as we move forward because we have tuned our 
supply chain in such a way that the supplies going forward are going to be lower than what we 
are going to sell so that we can bring the inventory levels down. So you will see quarter-on-
quarter improvements as far as the inventories are concerned. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, sir. And the next question is on the demand front right so, while I understand, there is some 
impact coming from ARS and channel inventory being high. So I just want to understand from 
two perspectives, first if you can give some sense on, how the like for like sales for EBOs has 
been because that gives so much clearer picture in terms of the real consumer demand. 
And the second thing is, if you can you know qualitatively state between the categories say, 
men's innerwear, women's innerwear and athletes are there relatively, which category from an 
overall company perspective, suffered more volume decline and which did relatively better. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Okay. So to answer your first question Ashish, the EBO growth was in line with overall growth. 
So and that's the true reflection of the demand but we did see some softening in the last couple 
of months say March and April and that actually is a very true reflection of what is happening 
in the market, that is the best way we can sense it. So that's where, I told you before that the 
market is not on that point.  
Coming to a category, of course, this is we can see this happening across categories, even though 
some of our premium products seem to be faring better but it is across categories and there is 
also some shift in the consumption pattern as far as outer wear is concerned. So it is moving 
more away from at home wear to the athleisure. 
So there is out of home wear, so there is a shift which we can see and that has actually caused 
some disruption across the market. I'm not just talking about Page or Jockey, across the market, 
we can see that. But that is something, which is question of time, before it normalizes, but there 
is definitely a demand shift or a consumption shift in the outer wear space. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Very helpful, sir. This is last question if I may ask is, on the margin front. I think, in the opening 
remarks there was some discussion that, there was some impact of 2.6% on COGS and 7.6% on 
opex. If you can elaborate on that and also looking into FY ’24, do you still maintain the margin 
guidance of 20% to 21% or any change in that? Thank you. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
KC you want to take that. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
K Chandrasekar: 
Yes, I had explained earlier, we came in with high price inventory, which is liquidated now 
selling consuming slower one, due to that, we had in fact on the on the graph, on the margin. At 
the same time, on the opex, while we haven't overspent in terms of the opex, particularly in Q4. 
We had about 1% percent more on advertisement actually 1.4%, we spent more on 
advertisements. On the revenues of the respective quarters year-on-year. 
Also on selling overhead, we had spent about 2.3% and that is largely, due to the trade 
engagement and the commission, which we paid for the ecom marketplace and since ecom, there 
was a growth. The marketplace commissions were more than last year. So these are two of the 
significant items, we also had higher and absolute terms, the salary is not too high in Q4. We 
also had about 2% more on the corporate, on the staff's family. So these are largely explaining 
the 7.6%. 
The other question as to the guidance, so in terms of that, why we do not sort of give a guidance 
or forecast, what I can tell you is that, if we had, we did 9,691 revenues for this quarter. If it was 
11,111, which we achieved last year Q4, we would have hit an EBITDA percentage of about 
17%, 17.5%. So definitely, our aim is to get back into 18% to 20% EBITDA margin and that 
also is supported by the inventory cost, will be coming in lower in Q1 and more so in Q2. So 
that would be rather than increasing the price as V. S. Ganesh said. Our approach would be to 
tighten the cost and improve the revenues. So, we will definitely get back to that range. This is 
something, we look at as another ratio and as far as Q4, on a bit of Q3 is concerned. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Thank you, KC and this just, if I can add on what KC said, we have made a conservative budgets 
and have tuned the expenses to be in line with those budgets and we also done enough work in 
our supply chain, so that we cannot actually take care of the upside as in when market bounces 
back. So, we will have as KC said, we there will be a margin, tremendous margin recovery as 
we move forward. 
There is no question about that and on this front, KC was also speaking about advertisement and 
that is something, which we are going to speak to because we are very bullish on the long-term 
and we are not going to cut those costs because these are necessary because we have a very rich 
product portfolio. The consumer will be excited to discover them and we need to facilitate it. So 
we are going to go all out on those aspects because our long-term outlook is very bullish and 
what we are going to do is, to control all the other expenses, which may not be customer centric. 
Which are nice to have or for a long-term growth of the company, which we will do, when things 
recover. We will go aggressively and pursue those options. 
Ashish Kanodia:  
Sure, sir. Very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go 
ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi sir. Sir, I just wanted to better understand this demand environment a bit, with without 
necessarily, why you are not able to give an ARS impact in the order, understanding the demand 
trend would have weakened further from third quarter levels in this quarter. And should I read 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
that comment on recovery as a sense of that changing, as we go into the first quarter that, would 
be the first part, sir. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
You are right Mr. Mehta, according to our read, the demand has slackened, further in Q4. In 
fact, we were thinking, it will be as bad as Q3. We never expected a further slack and that is, 
what gave us a bit of a surprise. But now, we have braced ourselves to the reality and taken 
necessary corrective action but you are right. The Q4 demand seems to have slackened further 
and when I see the numbers across retail, it is further making it clear for us that, demand seem 
to be got more subdued in Q4. 
Avi Mehta: 
 
Has that changed in first quarter, sir? As of now… 
V. S. Ganesh: 
We are seeing some improvements definitely, we are seeing some improvement. But you know, 
again it may not be comparable to our last year Q1 because that was a record year for us and H1 
was so good last year. So it may not be comparable but if I compare to Q4, I can definitely see 
some green shoots emerging. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay and so the ARS impact is going to be there for two more quarters, right, that's what you 
also said? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes, it is going to be but we are prepared for it. We will be managing this very carefully. So 
from an overall numbers point of view, we are seeing the bottom of it. But ARS, yes, two more 
quarters is going to be the transitionary period as we read it. It can be shortened, if there is a 
demand picks up and if the inventory starts flowing out of the system, it can be hastened. So, 
I'm talking about the worst-case scenario here. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it, sir. If you can give us a sense on the pricing because we understand from the channel, 
there is some hike that we have done, which is our annual hike. Is that understanding correct and 
if you could kind of just clarify that part, sir? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Then, we did a price size last year 3.6% and nothing beyond that and we don't see an immediate 
need for any intervention. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay, sir. Perfect, sir. And that's all from my side. Congratulations to Deepanjan on the new 
appointment and thank you Chandrasekhar sir, for all your clarifications. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Thank you, thank you from me, for telling that and let me take this occasion to, on behalf of the 
Board and the senior management of Page and all the associates of Page, to thank Mr 
Chandrasekhar for his tremendous job, which he has done and wish him a very happy retired 
life. 
Avi Mehta: 
 
Thank you. This has been very helpful, thank you very much. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes sir, thank you so much and good evening to the management. Sir, one clarification on the 
ARS discussion that, is it possible to get a sense of the impact by looking at the secondary to 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
tertiary sales ideally because that in a way, would give us a sense of how the market demand has 
been and obviously, the lower replenishment would in a way give us the sense of ARS. Would 
that be the right way to look at it? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Absolutely. It would be the right way to look at it, but our visibility as regards tertiary will be a 
bit clouded because we don't, we can't get a real time and the exact visibility on that. Secondary, 
we get a very clear visibility. So that is, as you rightly said, one way of looking at it and the 
second is, since we get good end-to-end visibility on our EBO side, that is a good indicator and 
that's, where I said, if you look at last two months there seem to be an enhanced sub-duedness. 
Nihal Jham: 
Got that and if I could follow up on that, in earlier calls, you have given an indication of how 
the secondary sales has been, where you have visibility. Possible to just give a sense of how that 
number was for Q4? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Well, our secondaries, when you implement ARS, your secondaries are bound to be a bit more 
higher than primaries because you are actually flushing away the inventories and that is the 
trend, which is happening and that's why, we said, they'll be immediate here because the 
secondaries have to outpace the primaries in the immediate until the distributed inventory come 
to normalizes and from there, you hit a great rhythm. So across the year, if you look at it, the 
secondaries and primaries have matched up. Your secondaries are aligned with primaries. 
K Chandrasekar: 
Just to add, if I would come in, the secondaries in Q4 were actually marginally higher compared 
to last year and so it was the ARS in fact, that the distributed inventory was getting corrected 
but the market was getting replenished with the existing distributed inventory and the relevant 
inventory. 
Nihal Jham: 
Got that. I think that was helpful to give a sense. I had another question on the, athleisure bit of 
it. Last you did highlight that, there was a category, which has been growing pretty well and 
even channel checks, as well as a lot of other commentaries were saying that the category is 
facing pressure as the athleisure consumption somewhere is moderating. From ARS going 
forward, what are the initiatives that, we are taking to see towards the, those category continues 
its long-term growth or maybe at least matches up to the growth at it over the last few years. If 
you could just highlight some of those? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Athleisure, the line was not clear. I think, you were asking about Athleisure, right? 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, my question was on Athleisure that, the market is subdued at this point in time. What are 
the initiatives on our side, we are taking to see to it that, the growth sustained. Even post the 
COVID bump that, was seen over the last 24 months. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Okay. So, if I look at it from a long-term perspective as a country, this is one category, which is 
going to grow tremendously because there is the lifestyle change. There's a high fitness 
awareness and therefore, this is one category, which if you see any commentary, everybody is 
in unique sense and saying this is one of the emerging categories, which is going to see 
accelerated growth. Now, what we are seeing is a temporary bump. This is also because if you 
look at like to like, during the pandemic, the consumption was high. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
In fact, many brands including us, we, what would have taken three years for us to grow, we 
achieved in one year. And, when you compare against that, you obviously will hit a bump, when 
there is a correction. So our long-term view is very bullish and therefore we are leaving no stone 
unturned as far as product innovation is concerned, launching new products. We are going to go 
all out and giving all the necessary attention to this category. And we are having more exciting 
products in the pipeline. 
We are looking at upgrading our existing product portfolio, so that there is much value for many 
of our consumers. And we are also going to come with more exciting products, which will cater 
to the cross-section of our consumers, in the lower end to the premium side. So we are looking 
at the prospects of it and to launch more products, which are going to be more friendly for all 
the category of people. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Manish Poddar from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Final three questions. One is any sense of market share you have, let's say, in the men segment, 
or let's say full year collectively or let's say it’s a part? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Well, Manish, as you know, there is no syndicated study on the market share as well as market 
share official numbers are concerned. So what we do is, I can say we can talk about the 
penetration, looking at our PG. And if you look at it that way, we are in the high teens, around 
17%, 18% market share on the men’s innerwear. And that's where we keep saying there's so 
much headroom for us to grow. And as far as other categories are concerned, even though we 
are the most dominant players in most of the categories, we are single digit. 
Manish Poddar: 
No sir where I'm coming across is have you gained market share by your pay checks you know 
you would be doing all you know just through the sales channel and stuff like. So I'm just trying 
to understand any sense where your market share is in the category -- the men's category largely 
V. S. Ganesh: 
So that's as I told you as far as men’s innerwear is concerned, we are at around 17%, 18%... 
Manish Poddar:  
Has that improved is what I'm trying to understand for the full year? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
No, we are in that zone. So if you're asking whether compared to last year, it has improved, I 
can say we have grown more or less in the same zone. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And just the second part. So how much is the inventory in the trade? If you can just help 
me understand that in terms of number of deals in… 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Gagan, you want to take that? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Thanks for the question. Are the inventory levels at the distribution level or the trade level at the 
retail? 
Manish Poddar: 
At the trade level because it was 75 days last quarter in the earlier comment you mentioned to 
optimize the capacity, you've put in some inventory in the trade. Now that is relatively higher. 
So I'm just trying to understand what is relatively means? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Gagan Sehgal: 
 
So we typically operate at around 50, 55-day inventory at the trade level. 
Manish Poddar:  
And what is that number right now? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
So currently, also maintaining, as per our information right now, we are maintaining at around 
48 to 50 days of trading. 
Manish Poddar: 
So would that be fair to understand if the inventory in the trade is at normal level? It's not high, 
just that demand is lacklustre. 
Gagan Sehgal: 
The inventory at the trade level in terms of placement of our products, we are where we were in 
fact for all our product lines. There is nowhere that the inventory has come down. We are still 
maintaining interest in. When it's a reflection of pressure in terms of replenishment by the 
distributor. 
Manish Poddar: 
So okay. And just one last one for the full year '23, any broad sales cut by category, just broad 
headline, let's say, 30% to 37%. Any sort of sales cut on our cross-categories? That is all. Thank 
you. 
Gagan Sehgal: 
More or less, the growth that we have mentioned for the year has been inline, all the categories 
have always grown at the same level itself. There's not too much of difference. 
Manish Poddar:  
So can I squeeze in one more? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
 
Yes. 
Manish Poddar: 
So just an initial comment then, if the channel inventory is in fine shape why are you mentioning 
ARS implementation will take some more time? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
See, what happens is that at the trade level, the inventory is at the right place with the MBO, 
whatever the MBOs want, they are supplied. But when there was a supply issue at that point of 
time, the distributor got a lot of inventory, maybe that was not relevant at that point of time. So 
that has not gone to the trade. That remains with the distributor. 
So it's distributor inventory levels went up. So with the implementation of ARS, the distributed 
inventory is getting corrected as per the market demand because then we will only keep what 
the retailer wants, so rather than the inventory level of the distributor going up. So this is the 
reason where the distributed inventory levels have come down. There is a correction. And this 
only through ARS is really getting what actually the market really needs. So it is not at the retail 
value was under distributor. 
Manish Poddar: 
And sorry, just the same number 50, 55 days, what is the same number at distributor level last 
quarter also this quarter. And let's say, what is the optimum number versus now? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
So normally, at the distributor level, it depends category-wise. But overall, we maintain a 45 to 
50-day inventory at the distributor level. 
Manish Poddar:  
And what is it now? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Gagan Sehgal: 
So the distributor level has got corrected by almost 20, 25 days what it used to be earlier. 
Manish Poddar:  
But it is still 65-70 days or is it at 45 days only? 
Gagan Sehgal: 
It has now come down to the 45, 50 days, which is the optimum level. And that is the inventory 
reduction that has happened where the distributors will continue the extra inventory, which was 
-- it was not as for the market. So most of the correction has always happened, and there's 20, 
25 correction that has happened at the distributor point. And currently, the distributors are at a 
healthy for 45 to 50 days. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
So let me also clarify this even to the number of days might have come down, but the inventory 
is lopsided. And this is where we are working on the ARS where in a SKU level, there will be a 
curated description as to what has we bought and that would be system-driven so that the 48 
days is healthy inventory, because today, the distributor goes by cart and is based on historic 
data, and he doesn't see potential future billers, and he doesn't invest on it. 
And this is where the SKU comes, and this is why we said this is one of the most important 
initiatives for us, especially with the kind of volatility we are seeing in the market, unless we 
have a cool system and if we keep pushing and when there's demand volatility like what we have 
seen in the last 2 years, this is going to have so much supply chain peaks and troughs. And the 
best way to do it is to have a full system. So yes, 48 days is there, but we still have work to do 
on this trend. 
Manish Poddar: 
That's perfect. Because actually, if you take 20 days delta change and you do it say INR10 crores 
sales per day, you are in the INR200 crores to INR250 crores sales loss. The only facilities just 
as a comment is, I shall to understand EBO was growing in the last quarter. And now when 
you're seeing EBOs growing in line with the company. So EBO sales have also declined 
materially. So that's the only dichotomy but nonetheless, thank you so much. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
You are very right. And that definitely on the EBO side that is the indicator of the subdued 
demand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So in Q4, we saw launch of the men category innerwear EBOs. So just want to understand 
thought process behind this and the current distribution for this product? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Rahul, you want to take this? 
Rahul Shukla: 
 
Sorry I didn’t get the question, could you just repeat your questions Mr. Bansal. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
The question was on launch of the men category in EBOs. So I just wanted to understand the 
thought process behind this launch as well as the current distribution of this product? 
Rahul Shukla: 
 
Launch of women category? 
Devanshu Bansal:  
Gents. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Rahul, I got this. I think the question was the launch of men’s category. 
Rahul Shukla: 
Okay. So Mr. Bansal, see, this was more of a test which we did. We actually wanted to see the 
pulse of the market. And we are continuing with it. But as far as the work pace is concerned, we 
need to be cautiously aggressive when we are embarking on this journey. So we announced this 
growth product to see how the consumer expectations and how it is evolving. So this is actually 
to take the category further forward. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So how has been the learning, sir? And what is the plan for distribution expansion for this 
product? 
Rahul Shukla: 
The learnings -- it is well received. I can say the market is very excited. In fact, the very fact that 
you are asking this question itself shows that it is positive, and that is the feedback we are getting 
from the market. And this actually is a great sense of direction to our product development team 
as to take how to take the category forward. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. And second question was if you could provide the comparable gross margins that we 
used to reporting the PPTs in this time around, we have not reported. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Sorry, the line was not clear. I didn’t get you. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
The comparable gross margins which we used to report in the PPT in this quarter, we have not 
reported, which is around 40%... 
V. S. Ganesh: 
We had about 41% Q4. And can you hear me? 
Devanshu Bansal:  
Yes, sir. Yes, 41% in Q4. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
And last year and this year, we are 38.2%. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And just if you could indicate how has the movement of this gross margin during the quarter as 
we indicated that the high cost inventory volumes earlier in Jan and then in March we saw those 
started to see the benefit of that. So if you could just throw some light on that? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
We are generally in 39% to 40% range. Some quarters are an exception. Last year was an 
exception on the higher side. So the 39% and 40% is largely maintained. And I think going 
forward is the inventory costs are going to go lower then we would see that in gross margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir few questions from my side. Sir the old products with the distributor would have bought in 
the peak over time, which you should have bought. Has those products been taken back by the 
company or you have liquidated that in the channel in last two, three quarters? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Sorry, Ankit. We usually don't take it back. So it gets retreated in the deal course of the business 
in the channel. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
So when you say the inventory days and the distributable level has come down so the fast-
moving inventory would have only got liquidated. Because the slow-moving inventory would 
still partially be at the distributor level and create an issue in the ARS ports? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes. So that obviously will not trigger a new order. So there will be no top-up happening for 
those products because it usually works on a mini bags, so it would not get an order. And this 
where I said, as we implement this, these kinds of abrasions won't happen as we move forward 
because we will be replenishing a bite side. And with all the work which we have done in supply 
chain on quick turnarounds, we can simply replenish. So they need to be very smart, and we 
need to create the distributor inventory to the best possible level and have a good presence across 
SKUs. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. And sir, historically, the new launches were not part of the ARS. Now are the new launches 
part of ARS for the distributors? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Going forward, it will be. And it has to be so that the new product gives an opportunity for the 
market to decide on how to receive it. So it gets a fair play in the market. So it has to be in the 
ARS. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And sir, last question, sir, Q1 is the best quarter for us historically. Now with demand 
environment being low and the ARS issues partly getting settled in Q1. Do you see you’re a&M 
spend continuing to be higher for the full year or you will curtail your spends your efforts to 
maintain your margins? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Which spend you were talking about Mr. Ankit? 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, advertising spends, because in quarter 4, despite the low demand, we will continue to spend 
on advertising and promotion? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes. See, Ankit, when you look at it, you have to look at it as a percentage of revenue also 
because if you just look at quarter-to-quarter what happens during the pandemic, we will spend 
a media dark and we didn't spend much. So it may look very high spend. But if you look at it as 
a percentage of revenue, we are going back to the old normal assets we used to do expense. 
And that is absolutely essential because see, these 1 or 2 quarters, we see this is a temporary 
rating, but if we have to sustain our growth and do justice to all the products which we offer to 
our consumers, we can't continue to be media dark and we need to make the necessary expense.  
So what we are planning to do is to at other costs, which can be passed or can be avoided, but 
we don't want to subdue any expenses where it matters. There, we want to go all out. We are 
very, very confident as far as long term is concerned. So we have a very bullish outlook. So we 
are not going to cut corners as well as the necessary spend are concerned. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. And sir, one last question, if I may ask. From first of 1st of April, you set up a new division 
processes with accessories. So if you can just highlight what is the growth opportunities you are 
seeing in accessories category? And how should we look at that apart from the innerwear and 
athleisure category? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
So accessories, we created this division because we started doing this a few years back with the 
introduction of towels, then we had handkerchiefs, socks then we have caps. So all this, we're 
showing very good traction and it was getting well received. 
And when it reaches a particular point when we saw the acceptability of these products and the 
category, we decided that we need to create a division for this because the potential is there. And 
we can further take the business forward. So we have done this because we can see the huge 
potential in front of us, especially for socks. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And would these division be approximately double-digit revenue contribution for Page product? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
We usually don't give those specific numbers out. It is in your interest and our interest that we 
don't say that because it will be handy for the competition, so we don't give those clicks actually. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Akhil Parekh from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
My first question is in terms of the demand scenario, I mean you've already elaborated but Jockey 
has gone through that cycle in FY '19, the demand started to curtail from fourth quarter for FY 
'19 to elongated till third or fourth quarter of FY ‘20. So how similar or different demand 
situation is today versus the discretionary slowdown that we have seen during the fag end of FY 
’19 and start of FY ’20? That’s my first question. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Mr. Parekh, I feel, we will have to generally look at the stake of the inflation and the economy 
and what is happening in the retail space, that is what we are going through. So I don't think we 
are an extension to it. Otherwise, I think as far as sustained growth is concerned, we don't see 
any problems. If you see our retail expansion, it has increased so much and we will be able to 
milk it as we move forward. 
And we are going to continue to expand, as I told you in my starting comments, the EBOs, 
MBOs, we will have continued growth. And compared to '18, '19, we have much more exciting 
products to offer to our consumers and be on a sweet spot. So this is a temporary bump through 
which we are going through. But if you look at it long term, there is nothing which we see can 
stop us. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay, would it be fair assessment to say that what we are -- where we are right now are largely 
driven by the macro situation and to some extent because of the ARS implementation, and there 
is absolutely no increase in competitive intensity from any of the regional players across the 
product category? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Absolutely. Because see with the kind of market penetration I spoke about, there is room for 
competition and for us. It's has not saturated, wherein we at 60% and the other part of the market 
as 30%. There is so much headroom and it's these are also growing categories. If you see men's 
innerwear, is supposed to grow compounded 10.5%, women's innerwear is slated to grow at 
13%. So we need to accelerate and grow faster than that, if you have to gain market share. That 
is the kind of potential, which is ahead of us. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Akhil Parekh: 
 
Okay. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
So if you look at it that way, we should say our competition is all sense. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. Sir, my last question on the margin plan like in past historically, we have been confident 
about maintaining that 21% to 22% of EBITDA margins and by and large, we were able to 
achieve over the last many years. Will you be able to give any kind of color or guidance at what 
kind of EBITDA margins, you should look at in the FY ’24? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Well as Mr. Chandrasekhar said, as a company as a policy, we don't give guidance but at all that 
I can tell you is that, this is because when you take cost control measures, the juice doesn't flow 
overnight, it takes time. So all that action, which we have taken, it has started materializing. So, 
there's a tremendous margin recovery, which we can promise. So, we will be in a zone as per 
our budget, where we are comfortable. So historically as you rightly said, we always looked at 
19% to 21% levels. We ensure, we can get close to it and if the market recovers in the second 
half of the year, we'll be in a very comfortable zone. 
Akhil Parekh: 
 
Fair enough and thanks a lot and best wishes for coming quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes. Thank you sir for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the macro slowdown in the 
category. So, sir, if you can just help us understand, given that, it is the innerwear is an essential 
category and 17% to 18% is the penetration. 10% is the growth rate of the category that, you 
called out. And so like, what should be the basic reasoning for such a steep decline, in our 
revenue, minus the software implementation issue. So how should we read it because 
technically, if there is an inflation, there should be a down trending but even on volume front, 
etcetera. We see a kind of more of an impact. 
So, what are the other possible reasoning, could you ascribe to the, to our current growth 
numbers. Do you think the competition over here has a larger role to play or you think, any other 
trend observation, there is a brand fatigue, the given Jockey now, more than 25 year old brand. 
So, if you can give some more color that why into an essential category, which is so less 
penetrated, there is such a steep decline in our top line growth? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
So, thanks for asking this Varun and let me tell you, I don't think, it's the competition because if 
you see, they are not exemption to, what we are going through. Everybody is going through the 
same patch. So, definitely it is not the competition intensity. It is because if you see the 
distributors also, when the supply was low, they were all trying to get hold of stock. Everybody 
over inventorized and now, they are trying to liquidate. 
There is also a liquidity issue in the market. So everybody is tightening the belt and that is where, 
the path, we are going through that patch and this is what exactly happened in the US also, if 
you see, the similar trend. So, we are no exemption to that and I do, I won't attribute this to 
competition intensity and we're coming to brand fatigue, definitely not. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
In fact, today if you see our designs and styling’s, these all catering to the young consumers and 
the way, it is received by your consumers shows that, there is no fatigue and this is backed up 
by the brand equity studies, which we have done and we have got very-very positive feedbacks, 
wherein we are way-way ahead, of all the other brands and then, we the distance between us and 
the others is so-so high that we are very confident that, we are going the right direction. And this 
is true as regards, men and women both, both categories. We in both places, the brand equity 
study shows that, we are way ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood sir. And sir, my second question is, now that, it's been more than five years that, we 
launched Jockey women and still kind of, we are not calling out the segmental contribution 
separately and which is fine but given the smaller base, I also recall that, we called out that all 
the segments have grown at a similar rate during the quarter. 
Ideally, we should be expecting a higher growth rate from women and kids wear but still and 
also like, I was kind of doing some bottom up research and I could potentially see that, not many 
companies are there, which operate in both men and women wear, with the same brand name, 
but still like how should we read our aspirations especially, in the women and kids wear 
category. 
I understand that, during the past con calls, we did highlight that, we have witnessed relative 
success in this category and we would be more than happy to see the category growing at a much 
faster rate. So the current growth rate, which is similar to other category, which like as an analyst, 
I would be expecting to grow at a higher rate. How should we read these things and hence our 
potential objective aspirations in both these segments? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Very-very good question Varun. Actually, you are right. As you, what you are asking is since, 
we are, we have a lower base on women, we should be growing faster there and we said, we 
have grown equally across the board, which is true and this is, where we are taking all the 
necessary action to have accelerated growth of women. 
In fact, if you see the previous year, we did that but this year was an exception but we are now 
making all the right interventions to have accelerated growth on the women's innerwear. Juniors 
actually has grown and I will say that, is also because of the low base, which we have and as far 
as juniors is concerned, we have kept our own trajectory. We are not trying to conquer and 
dominate the market. 
We are present there and we are working to a plan because that is a very-very different category, 
when it comes to design, styling, go-to-market so. Even margin structure, vis-a-vis the 
competition. So, we are in a sweet spot. We have achieved what we want to achieve there and 
in fact, this is a category, which will help us to recruit new consumers. We are achieving the 
objective and we are looking at a healthy growth on juniors and it actually, it is on track. 
Women's you are right but we are taking all the necessary action to have accelerated growth and 
as you watch the market, you will see a lot of action from our side, in this trend. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it, sir. And then just one last question if I may, that on payables, what the reasoning for 
decline in the payables day, sir? Just a bookkeeping question, that's it from my side. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Mr. Varun, I didn't get you. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, our overall trades payable days, so that there is a reduction out there. So is there anything to 
call out over there or nothing as such. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
 
Okay. KC you want to take that on the payable days. 
K Chandrasekar: 
So, it is not very significant decline on the days, it is just that, we have been buying less. Our 
purchases have been less, it is more a matter of timing of relevant suppliers. 
Varun Singh: 
 
Okay sir. So, ideally it should be roughly 20 days to 25 days between that. 
K Chandrasekar: 
Yes, it is about 27 days and then the previous quarter, it was 29 days. So, it is not very different. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay. Understood, sir. That is it from my side, sir. Thank you very much and wish you all the 
best, 
K Chandrasekar:  
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr Chandrasekar K, CFO for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
K Chandrasekar: 
Thank you. Thanks to all of you have been, who have dialed in and who have been listening 
patiently to us, on the call and as always, appreciate your support for the management of Page 
Industries and keeping faith in all that, we do. Wish you, all the best. Thank you. Bye, Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Page Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
