 
BSE - PUBLIC 
 
 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BSE       
 
 
 
 
 
                                ISIN: INE118H01025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on August 9, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated August 3, 2023, intimating you about the conference call with 
Analysts/Investors held on August 9, 2023, please find attached the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com.  
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Vishal Bhat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Oﬃce: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH2005PLC155188 
VISHAL 
KAMALAK
SHA BHAT
Digitally signed 
by VISHAL 
KAMALAKSHA 
BHAT 
Date: 2023.08.14 
17:46:56 +05'30'

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q1 FY 23-24 Earnings Conference Call 
  
 
 
August 9, 2023 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to BSE Limited Q1 FY24 Investor Conference Call. 
This Conference Call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the belief, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman - Head of Investor Relations. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much, Nirav. Good evening, everyone. This is Anand from Investor Relations and 
welcome to BSE's Earnings Call to discuss Q1 FY24 Results. Joining us on this call is BSE's 
leadership team, consisting of Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy - Managing Director and CEO, Mr. 
Nayan Mehta - Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Sameer Patil - Chief Business Officer, Ms. Kamala K - 
Chief Regulatory Officer, Mr. Girish Joshi - Chief Operating Operations and Listing Sales, and Mr. 
Subhash Kelkar - Chief Information Officer. Also, present here are the members of our finance and 
secretarial team.  
Do note that this conference is being recorded and the transcript of this call, along with the 
Earnings Release and Presentation can be found in the Investor Relations section of BSE India 
website. Before we get started, I once again remind you that our remarks today will include 
forward-looking statements. Any actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by 
these forward-looking statements. And any forward-looking statements that we make today on 
this call are based on assumptions and BSE assumes no obligation to update these statements as 
a result of new information or future events. 
With this, I will now request Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy, Managing Director and CEO, to give 
a brief overview of the company's financial and business performance in Q1 FY24. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thanks, Anand. Good evening, everybody and thanks a lot for joining the call today. It gives me 
great pleasure as always to address you all today. 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
It has been an interesting 7 months for me since I joined as MD and CEO of BSE. As you may recall, 
in the last earnings call I had informed that my primary priority is to make BSE a vibrant exchange. 
My priorities have not changed. We saw a good traction in segments like equity cash and mutual 
fund and made significant progress in the development of equity derivatives segment. And we 
continue our important work to operate more efficiently by creating durable savings to fund 
investments in our long-term priorities such as building our commodities segments, adding 
infrastructure capacities and colocation spaces. 
I will talk about this momentum including our continued leadership in mutual funds and the 
evaluation of BSE equity derivatives segment. But first, let me start with BSE’s 149th Foundation 
Day. I am happy to inform you the BSE on July 10, 2023, marked its 149th Foundation Day, 
representing a significant milestone. This auspicious occasion was met with enthusiasm as we 
unveiled our new logo symbolizing prosperity, vibrance, growth and new beginnings. The genesis 
of the new logo reflects the vibrance that BSE aims to spread. That is exactly what we have done 
in our equity derivative segment. As you may recall, based on member feedback, we had 
announced the relaunch of Sensex and Bankex derivatives contract with lower lot size and a 
different expiry on Friday from May 15, 2023. We are also discontinued the liquidity 
enhancement schemes, software services and hardware infrastructure services that were being 
offered for enhancing liquidity and participation. 
I would like to highlight the progress we have made in 12 weeks since. For the first time in the 
history of BSE, a record of 6.73 crore contracts, representing a notional turnover of Rs. 44.2 lakh 
crores were traded on a single day that is 4th August 2023. Our trading systems processed over 
50 crore orders and 1.5 crore trades, which are higher than our equity cash segment. 219 
members traded Sensex options on August 4, 2023, as compared to just 28 on day one. Similarly, 
since relaunch, more than 1.65 lakh UCCs have traded Sensex options. Just 38 UCCs traded on day 
one. It is still early days, and we are motivated to do even better. Several large retail, prop and 
high frequency trading members for the first time ever in the history of capital markets are now 
readying systems, building necessary infrastructure and are already commenced testing and 
trading in BSE equity derivatives. We have also seen significant demand for colocation racks and 
associated connectivity provided by the exchange. So, that might actually increase the CAPEX of 
BSE going forward to that extent. Overall, the momentum remains strong. Adoption by all users 
is moving in the right direction. I am confident that appropriate monetization, at the appropriate 
time will follow as we move towards achieving critical mass in terms of participation, volumes, 
and liquidity. 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Let me now start with the financial updates. I am happy to inform that BSE delivered a stable 
quarter in terms of revenues to reach a total revenue of Rs. 271.2 crores for Q1 FY24 as compared 
to Rs. 197.7 crores in Q1 FY23, a growth of 37%. Similarly, BSE’s operational revenues have 
grown by 15% to Rs. 215.6 crores from Rs. 186.9 crores. The net profit attributable to 
shareholders of the company excluding exceptional item stands at Rs. 75.1 crores from Rs. 44 
crores in the corresponding quarter previous year, which is a growth of 71%. 
I will now share some of the key financial numbers on a consolidated basis for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2023, as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year. Revenues from 
transaction charges increased by 23% to Rs. 66 crores aided by growth in mutual fund segment. 
The clearing and settlement operational revenues increased by 41% to Rs. 24.1 crores. Treasury 
income from clearing and settlement funds have increased by 19% to Rs. 22.2 crores. Other 
operating revenue, which includes data dissemination fees, training income, software income has 
increased by 20% to Rs. 21.6 crores. Investment income increased to Rs. 44 crores from Rs. 6 
crores. The operating EBITDA for Q1 FY24 stands at Rs. 70 crores, up from Rs. 49.8 crores. 
Operating EBITDA margin increased to 32% as against 27% in the corresponding quarter last 
year. Similarly, the net profit margin improved to 27% from 20%. 
I am also happy to inform you that BSE has completed the sale of its 5% stake in CDSL to meet 
with regulatory requirements at an average realization of Rs. 991 per share. A mix open market 
and block window execution was done to ensure seamless execution at a total consideration of 
about Rs. 518 crores. In view of the stake sale, the board has approved the share buyback of 45.9 
lakh equity shares representing 3.39% of the total equity shares and the total paid up equity 
capital of the company as of March 31, 2023, via a tender route. The buyback price has been fixed 
at Rs. 816 apiece representing a premium of 34.1% over the closing price on June 30, 2023, for a 
total consideration of Rs. 374 crores exclusive of taxes. In total, we have announced a net capital 
return of Rs. 539 crores based on a successful buyback and dividend payout of Rs. 12 per equity 
share which was announced last quarter. Both the dividend and buyback are subject to approval 
of shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting. 
On the business side, let me start by covering our primary market segment.  
Fundraising by Indian corporates picked up in Q1 of FY2024. BSE platforms continue to remind 
the preferred choice by Indian companies to raise capital. BSE platform has enabled issuers to 
raise Rs. 4.39 lakh crores by means of equity and debt raising bonds, commercial papers, 
municipal bonds, etc. 
 

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moving on to our trading segment: 
For the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the average daily turnover in equity cash segment stands at 
Rs. 4,025 crores which is similar to Rs. 4,057 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. The 
average daily turnover in currency future stands at Rs. 13,800 crores, a decline of 20% as 
compared to the corresponding quarter last year, which was in line with the market volumes. As 
you may be aware, BSE has revised transaction charges in the Currency Futures segment which 
are now at par with the market transaction charges. These charges are effective from September 
1, 2023. 
Moving on to our mutual fund business: 
BSE StAR MF continues to generate compounding revenue growth and delivered yet another 
quarter of record revenues and performance, up 59% year-on-year to reach Rs. 23.8 crores. The 
total number of transactions processed by BSE StAR MF grew by 39% to reach 8.3 crore 
transactions in Q1 FY24 from 5.9 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. BSE’s market 
share stands at 88% among exchange distributed platforms. The BSE’s StAR MF has been 
consistently reaching new highs in terms of transactions with the platform processing a new high 
of 3.05 crore transaction in July 2023. On an average, the platform processed over 2.76 crore 
transactions per month in Q1 FY24 as compared to 1.98 crores in Q1 FY23. This demonstrates 
the scalability and reliability of BSE’s platform StAR MF. 
The BSE group directly or via subsidiaries also has its presence in other related business including 
India International Exchange (India INX) - BSE’s Exchange at GIFT City, BSE Ebix, insurance 
distribution platform with Ebix Inc, The Hindustan Power Exchange (HPX) in association with 
TTC India and ICICI Bank, BSE E-Agricultural markets (BEAM), spot platform for trading in 
commodities and BSE Administration and Services Limited (BASL). BSE is committed to these 
new areas and is constantly working with partners for the growth of these businesses. As we 
move forward, we see that there is a significant opportunity to continue to expand and evolve 
these businesses. 
In conclusion, me and my team are energized by the pace of innovation and the momentum across 
the BSE. With our strong underlying momentum in equity derivatives and aligned focus on the 
right strategies moving forward, I remain confident that we will continue to deliver long term 
growth for our shareholders and deliver on our mission of Vibrant BSE 2025. 
With these updates, I now hand over the call back to Anand. 
 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is         
from the line of Narendra Shah from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra Shah: 
 
So, my first question would be regarding the derivative transaction charges. I mean, do you have 
any set target for how much are you going to make in that segment for FY24, if you could share 
some light on it? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
As you may recall, we started equity derivatives segment that we relaunched on May 15, 2023. It 
is around 12 weeks now since the date of introduction. Typically for a relaunched product to get 
into a sustained phase normally we expect around 6 to 10 months. The growth of Sensex 
derivatives has been faster and today we are seeing good amount of tractions within 12 weeks. 
But still, there is a good amount of ground to be covered to ensure sustainability and consistency 
in its growth. We are already charging for this product at the rate of Rs. 500 per crore which is 
probably lower than what market charges. We will at the appropriate time, as I mentioned in my 
speech, consider appropriate charges in respect of equity derivatives once a feeling of sustained 
growth is achieved by us. 
Narendra Shah: 
 
Regarding the transaction charges that we are planning to raise it at some point of time, right? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
That is exactly what I told in my speech, and I also repeated, at an appropriate time we will 
consider charging, levying appropriate charges in respect of equity derivative segment, yes. 
Narendra Shah: 
 
And my second question regarding the equity cash segment, so what are we doing on that front 
to capture more market share? Anything that you would like to share? 
 

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Sure. So, on the initial first part, we of course change the ticket size, which you all are aware of up 
to Rs. 100. That gave us some amount of benefit in increasing the market share of those securities 
from 9% to 12%, just a significant growth. But that is not the beginning and end of it. We need to 
move into other areas. One area where we really do well is blocks and we continue to do well, and 
we continue to engage with our stakeholders informing them of the benefits of block trades and 
we see good traction there. The other area is where the institutional volumes are. So, what we 
feel is the institutions are not, at this point of time, particularly FPIs fully facilitated to trade in 
multiple exchanges post interoperability. If a FPI trades in BSE and NSE for the same scrip for the 
same order, he does not get a single contract note with a VWAP price of what he has traded in 
both the exchanges from the broker. This puts his back office into a tussle. So, we had studied this 
in great detail. We are in engagement with the market participants to enable FPIs to participate 
in multiple exchanges which we see will fructify appropriately and that could be the next stage 
for growth in equities cash segment. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Navdeep, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Navdeep: 
 
Sir, I have two small questions. One is, if I want to understand the transaction charges which we 
are charging for equity derivatives, we are charging Rs. 500 per crore of notional turnover. So, 
does that mean that. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Sorry, may I interrupt you. It is Rs. 500 per crore of not notional, it is of premium. 
Navdeep: 
 
So, if I want to understand that on the last Friday the turnover was about Rs. 145 lakh crores. So, 
how much of that does go to the top line? If you can please help us understand? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
The numbers are bit wrong. Sorry for interruption, the numbers are wrong, it is Rs. 44 lakh crores, 
round number it was some Rs. 44.2 or something Rs. 44 lakh crores was the notional. The 
premium is not a direct function of the notional. The premium is a function of volatility and many 
other things, so it will not be right to compare with the notional, though every one of us 
understands notional. The premium is charged, the transaction charges are on premium, and 
premium does not have a direct proportional relationship with notional. 
Navdeep: 
 
The other question I have is on the buyback. We have announced that the price of Rs. 816 per 
share, but now that the share price has moved up significantly. Are we thinking about it, to revise 
the price or something? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
It is a very interesting and good question that you are asking. In the speech when I was telling, 
actually we told you, I explained how this Rs. 816 was arrived at. Based on the specified date on 
which we fixed this, it was around 34% premium over the closing price of June 30, 2023. So, Rs. 
816 was fixed by following the practices and requirements as stipulated with the premium which 
we thought was substantial. We do not have any control over market movement, subsequently 
the markets could move anywhere. So, at this point of time, the buyback price is fixed as Rs. 816. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pranav Thakar, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Thakar: 
 
Sir my question is with reference to derivative, if you can share what was the revenue last 
fantastic Friday that is when we record highest derivative turnover and my second question was 
in the similar line of derivatives that as a segment, do we have to incur separate additional cost, 
or I would like to understand what would be the cost structure of derivatives. Thank you. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So, the answer to the first point is the revenue earned on that day was only Rs. 26.6 lakhs. Because 
it is on premium, the total premium traded on that day was Rs. 5,320 crores. Therefore, that is 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
the revenue. On the cost structure, at this point of time, we are using the existing infrastructure 
to fuel these volumes. But as I told as the market is growing there will be need for colocation 
space, provision of racks, provision of connectivity, provision of connecting system, peripheral 
system, main system, back-end systems, and all. So, certainly there will be some amount of capital 
expenditure based on how the market grows, the capital expenditure would vary. As you would 
appreciate when capital expenditure increases depreciation and operational expenditures will 
also increase. That would happen if the volumes go upward therefore the revenue will also grow. 
At some point of time, the revenue growth will be overtaking the cost resulting in the profit 
margin. That is the entire logic behind pushing this product. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raja Panda, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Raja Panda: 
 
Sir, some of the authorized persons who are in my circle, they have reported that now BSE is going 
to charge AMC of Rs. 4,000. This authorized person means the sub broker. So, could you please 
confirm if this is correct and if it is then what is the number of authorized persons on our system? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Indeed, there is going to be some charges for authorized persons. I would not exactly remember 
the number of authorized persons or what is exactly the charge. If you can e-mail to our people, 
we will be able to give you that data. That is not an issue because the charges are public domain 
in any case. The number of APs I would not remember offhand. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Firstly, congratulations on a successful relaunch of your Sensex equity derivative product. My first 
question is around the same thing. In your opening remarks, you did mention that the number of 
UCCs have seen a significant increase as well as the number of members. So, if you could share 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
some more insights in terms of efforts that we have put in to achieve this, that will help us to 
better appreciate the entire efforts of BSE? 
 
 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Sure, certainly. Thanks for this question. As I was mentioning, the day when we started, we had 
very few members, just 28 members participating. Very few front-end trading systems were 
supporting BSE equity derivatives. A product has to be broad based, liked by all and traded by all 
then only it sustains. Since we had gone and met couple of hundreds of brokers, taken their views, 
taken their views of their clients, taken the views of their dealers before relaunching this product. 
Though we started with just 28 people with our relentless efforts of make showcasing this 
product more and more members started flocking in. Once the members come in the input to the 
software providers requesting for the capability to trade, that front end capability to trade BSE 
derivatives started increasing and therefore software vendors, almost all of them now are 
providing the front-end capability to trade into BSE’s F&O system. This has helped in big, large 
retail brokers to introduce our product in their platform. People who are delaying because of their 
software requirements and changes that they are making started getting more and more calls 
from the investment investing public as to when census derivatives are going to be made available 
putting in a way a mild, sort of friendly pressure on the brokers to introduce it ASAP in their 
system. This is the reason behind the significant growth from very few UCCs on 1st day to 
significantly large number of UCCs at this point of time. But as I said, this is just the beginning. 
There is a long way to go. We have to continue to work hard, continue to work with our brokers, 
more and more understand their requirements and take things forward, but we are confident 
with the continued effort and concentration and attention and focus that me and my team are 
having, we will be able to achieve it. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Sir, just to understand what would be the UCCs those would be active on NSE? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Honestly, I would not be the right person to comment on it. 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
No issue sir. Just to understand, would all the large retail brokers and the software vendors that 
you are mentioning are they offering the Sensex product, or you are expecting more to come in 
which can further drive the volume? Any big broker or software vendor which could actually add 
to the overall volumes? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So, most of the software vendors as I told you are already providing access to equity derivatives. 
All the big brokers, many of the big brokers are in, many of the other big brokers are in the process 
of getting in because overnight changes are not possible on software issues. While the software 
vendor might have provided acclimatizing it and dovetailing it with the back office all are very 
important. Also, if you look at it many of the big brokers, they also have their own software. So, 
their own software will be much more, what should I say, customized for their requirement in 
such a situation making changes in them takes some amount of time, so they are in the process. 
As I was mentioning, last Friday, 219 brokers traded in Sensex options. The numbers increase 
every Friday. We expect the numbers to grow further as more and more people are coming in. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
And sir, if we compare the option premium to notional numbers for us and the competition, we 
would be one-third of what they achieved. So, we will be around 7 basis points and they are 
around 22. I would believe this is partly because most of our volumes is happening around the 
expiry date. So, any thoughts around that, what are we planning to do about it? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So, see, first of all, between different products, we should not compare. That is one point. Second 
point is premium is a function of the following: strike price, spot price, time to expiry, volatility 
and risk-free rate of interest. That is taking only one factor and presuming because of it is the 
premium percentages are different may or may not be correct. That is one part of it. And second 
part is of course they are different products. So, that would be my reply to your question. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
And finally, sir, last question from my side. Any target in terms of market share that you have to 
achieve on equity derivative side? 
 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
As I told you, we are not considering ourselves as a competing product to compare the market 
share. We are always considering ourselves as complementary product. Today I find in media lot 
of people on my expiry day talking about how they are using Nifty and Sensex together for giving 
form to their aspirations and views. So, we feel that we are complementary products. We feel 
therefore our growth should come from within instead of looking at outside and putting across a 
market share on our head. And also, we are talking about different products, similar but different 
products. So, strictly speaking trying to put a market share target, in my opinion is not very 
meaningful. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Next question is from line of R Gajra from Informist. Please go ahead. 
R Gajra: 
 
So, basically from the presentation, I just wanted a few numbers, if you could share. One was your 
listing fee income number for the previous quarter that is Q4 of FY23. Listing fee, book building 
and other services and your mutual fund revenues, so these three for the previous quarter, that 
is Q4 of FY23? 
Nayan Mehta: 
 
So, in Q4 of FY23, that is quarter ending March 2023, our listing fees were Rs. 61 crores, building 
fee was Rs. 14 crores and mutual fund income was Rs. 24 crores. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
 

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Just to continuing on these derivatives, this has been path breaking for BSE in the sense of volume 
ramp up that we are seeing. One question, you mentioned that you will do it at an appropriate 
time that the increase in transaction charges. So, what is there in your mind? When is the 
appropriate time? Is it the volume reach or is it a market reach? Because from a price point, do 
you think that change in price to the competitor level would really kind of impact to our volumes 
in that sense and the apprehension of not increasing the prices right now? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So, let me start from the bottom. It is not any apprehension or anything which is making us to 
think about an appropriate time. It is about the product sustenance and the people walking in and 
getting the benefit of a new product which has come as a complementary product to support and 
de-risk the market from concentration risk. So, that is the idea. Would I be able to tell what the 
appropriate time is, if I could, honestly, I would have told. Already this is the time by which we 
will introduce. Do I have a parameter which is single to tell that this is the appropriate parameter, 
appropriate thing, is it in terms of volumes or it in terms of values or it in terms of participation? 
The honest answer is I do not know. I wanted to see it is a question of, see the markets are very 
difficult to predict. As and when they develop, I am sure you will appreciate when you look at it 
at some point of time you will feel that things have come to steady state. What that steady state 
is, it could be different for different products and different circumstances. So, once we get 
internally a feeling of a steady state of this product that will be the appropriate time. 
Prayesh Jain: 
 
And further more on that, could you share some insights into what is the kind of concentration 
with respect to the volumes on derivatives today with regards to members or with regards to 
customers, anything on that sort that can help us understand what is the kind of concentration 
level? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Sure, we can. Honestly, today with the 212 members participating, the concentration is not there, 
it is very well spread. If we talk about a participation of 20 members, 30 members, there is 
typically a big concentration. Fortunately for us, thanks to all people including Motilal Oswal and 
others who participate in the market, in our products, it has been wonderfully nicely spread. We 
have good participation from retail, good participation from proprietary traders, good 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
participation from dealer networks, good participation from mobile trading people and good 
participation from HFT. When I look at it, I find it as a healthy mix of all the types of participant 
who typically you find in a matured product trading. That is what I will be able to share. 
 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
 
With respect to colocation and other CAPEX that you mentioned for the derivatives segment, first 
of all, what kind of volume levels would you wait for before you kind of start committing towards 
that number? And secondly, as you had mentioned earlier, I think for the Colocation for the cash 
segment, you have already kind of started charging the members. Would similar mechanism be 
implemented and hence no major impact because of the higher operational cost? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
No, see here one important point to be noted. Today we are charging in Colocation only to cover 
our cost. It is not like the market model where Colocation appears to be a profit centre. For us, it 
is not at the profit centre. It is just a no cost and no profit basis at this point of time. So, it is not 
the cost charging to Colocation for derivatives or cash it matters. Because Colocation is 
Colocation, people who put the servers may use it for cash or may use it for derivatives. And our 
CAPEX planning will not be dependent on volume. As I told you, we already crossed 50 crores 
orders last Friday. So, it is not orders which would be making us decide on when and how much 
we have to spend on CAPEX. The question of how much of the requirement that comes from the 
members for the racks. As you know, BSE has unique services in terms of full rack, quarter rack 
and half racks. Quarter rack is not a thing which I think anybody else is providing. Only we 
provide, I feel, I may be right, maybe wrong. We may like to check. So, these services we are 
providing. So, we have stocks very limited, we are exhausting it. If we find the queue is beyond 
the number, then we have to necessarily invest in Colo and provide to address those queues. In 
our opinion, the way the queue is building, we need to therefore invest in CAPEX in the near 
future, CAPEX to materialize into physical assets has a gestation period. So, we have to be mindful 
of the gestation period and start investing in advance and there will be therefore some existing 
queue and some projected queue. So, based on which is what we will start incurring the CAPEX. 
It is not the volume that will drive, it will be the demand for Colo that will drive. At this point of 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
time, Colo is not a profit centre. That does not mean at some point of time Colo will also be giving 
some amount of profit. 
Prayesh Jain: 
 
Last question from my side, there is still a liquidity enhancement spend that we have seen in this 
quarter, what is that pertaining to and how do we see it going ahead? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
The liquidity enhancement scheme amount you are seeing is not for BSE Limited. It is for India 
INX, which is our GIFT City exchange. 
Prayesh Jain: 
 
Okay. That will continue, right? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Yes, that will be continuing the way where we are, that depends on what the developments are 
there accordingly it will continue. 
Moderator: 
 
Next follow up is from the line of Navdeep, Individual Investor, please go ahead. 
Navdeep: 
 
Sir, I wanted to ask you about the kind of cash which is sitting on our balance sheet, what is the 
management thinking about it and what is the way forward here? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So, buyback is one such effort to take care of that. 
Navdeep: 
 
But sir, if I may add, buyback CDSL stake which we have sold. But we do have significant cash 
sitting on the balance sheet. Is there any thought in that direction? 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
As I was just narrating to you, since the equity derivative segment is taking off. First of all, CDSL 
sale is equal to buyback is probably not a correct equation. CDSL sale augments the cash reserves, 
so buyback. That is the way probably I would like to look at it. The question remains very valid. 
You have a significant cash reserve, what are you planning to do is a very valid question. As I told 
you, it is for the first time BSE is seeing some activity in equity derivatives, thanks to the support 
from market. So, when we expand there is a quite an amount of expenditure in terms of 
technology, which I talked about now in terms of front-end system, peripheral system, connecting 
system, main system, back-end system, the connections to the Clearing Corporation, reporting 
system, etc. So, clearly, there will be some amount of fruitful CAPEX associated with therefore the 
depreciation around it and the OPEX where these moneys are going. 
Navdeep: 
 
This is regarding the Hindustan Power Exchange. Can you please provide any update on, is the 
management happy with the kind of response it is getting or anything on that sort? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
On the Hindustan Power Exchange, it has reported profit in Q1 and the volumes in power sector 
are high in the Q1 and Q4 and dips in Q2 and Q3. We have infused the capital of around Rs. 12.5 
crores. So, I think the market share in June 23 for contingency and energy savings certificate is 
around 32.23 and 32.75. I think things are moving in this direction as far as HPX is concerned. 
Our associate company with the equity stake of 22.62% in this stage. 
Navdeep: 
 
I have been an investor for 5 years and I must congratulate the team. Especially once you have 
joined, we have seen the exchange moving in the right direction and hopefully it is good days 
ahead for all of us. Thank you so much. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thank you for all the support that you all are providing to us. 
Moderator: 
  

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last two questions. Next question 
is from the line of Pranav Thakar, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Thakar: 
 
Actually, I do not have any question, but there is a suggestion that why do not we let expiry of 
Bankex and Sensex because if we have fantastic Friday, let us have Monday magic something like 
that on a different note. Because most of the volumes are happening on expiry day and I myself I 
am also a trader, so based on that I can make it out that it will come to grow further. So, do we 
have any plans on this? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thank you for this suggestion. What would be your suggestion? Should we have it on Monday or 
Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday? 
Pranav Thakar: 
 
No, sir. Monday, look, NSE is having Tuesday as financial Nifty expiry. They shifted bank Nifty 
expiry on Wednesday. Thursday is Nifty expiry. So, only slot which is available to us is Monday. 
So, I believe NSE is splitting all this to have volume benefit and extra turnover and Monday is the 
only day which is now available. So, if Monday is available, then we also have benefit of added 
revenue growth. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Monday mid cap expiry is there, I am told. 
Pranav Thakar: 
 
No, it is Wednesday. I do not know if they have shifted to Monday. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
But they are shifting, they are shifting. 
Pranav Thakar: 
 

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
But sir, there is not much of the volume. It would be the volume would be similar to what Bankex 
is having right now. There is not much volume and so it will be at par with NSE, and we also have 
equal opportunities for growth. So, we have only one day if we considered 5 trading days, we have 
only one day, let us have two days in a week. So, if we can do that, please. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thank you for the suggestion. We will take market feedback and we will react on it. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Jain, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Jain: 
 
My question is almost same as some people asked already on buyback of shares. I can see that as 
of date this seems to be a futile exercise, we will go nowhere with the kind of movement in the 
share price. So, I am certain that management must have already been thinking about what course 
of action is available to them, either by increasing the buyback price or some other means to 
return money to investors. So, if you can throw some light on that, I will be grateful. Thank you. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
The job of management would be to enhance shareholders value. If that is possible through 
buyback that is what we will do, if it is through any other mechanism that is what the management 
will strive hard to achieve. The buyback process is well defined regulatorily and statutorily, there 
are steps stipulated in the journey of buyback. We have just entered into that process by 
announcing the buyback with the price with a hefty premium as on a specific date which we 
observed and based on professional advice. Markets movements are not predictable and market 
movements would always take the course of action to different places depending on its own 
course. The buyback mechanisms provide for all such eventualities because it is a time-tested 
regulatory mechanism. 
Moderator: 
 
Rajesh, do you have any follow-up question? 

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Rajesh Jain: 
 
No, I think we are just shying away from saying what our thinking is. But I can understand that, 
thank you. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Honestly, we are not shying away. You see its your opinion that the buybacks will fail, that is your 
opinion. So, I will not be the right person to comment on your opinion. So, what I have stated is 
absolute fact that Rs. 816 was 34% premium over June 30, 2023’s price and buyback follows a 
process and that is the process which we are following. When we are offering for buyback, where 
is the shying away? It is coming forward and offering and honestly every action is towards the 
enhancement of shareholder value. 
Rajesh Jain: 
 
I have no doubt in that you are enhancing the shareholders’ value and you are taking the right 
steps. But as of date, it seems like a futile exercise that we may spend money, which may go waste. 
Nobody is going to offer you, means practically if you look at it, nobody is going to offer you shares 
at 816 when the price has already moved up significantly. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
I see your point and we very much note what you are saying. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, for further queries, you may write your questions on 
bse.ir@bseindia.com. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman for closing 
comments. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you. Thank you very much for joining us today. Should you have any further questions like 
Nirav said, please feel free to reach out to us at bse.ir@bseindia.com. Thank you so much, 
goodnight. 
Moderator: 
 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Thank you very much. On behalf of BSE Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
