` 
 
 
16 August 2023 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
quarter ending 30 June 2023. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
 
https://youtu.be/Gop8JqX7YPQ 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
MURUGESH 
C
Digitally signed by 
MURUGESH C 
Date: 2023.08.16 
15:15:09 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Page Industries Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. V.S GANESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR– PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. DEEPANJAN B– CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. GAGAN SEHGAL - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER– 
PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
of Page Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.S Ganesh, Managing Director of Page 
Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Thank you so much and good evening everyone. Thank you all for joining us in earnings 
call today evening. I am joined by our CFO Mr. Deepanjan B and our COO Mr. Gagan 
Sehgal. I hope you have already seen our press release and the result.  Before we dive into 
the numbers and specifics, I would like to provide a context and an overview of the quarter 
that has just concluded. In a time characterized by significant challenges, I am pleased to 
share that the company has exhibited remarkable tenacity. Q1 witnessed a sequential 
revenue growth of 28% and a volume growth of 31%. During this quarter, the macro 
headwinds and market conditions did pose some challenges leading to a slight year-on-year 
degrowth reflected in a 7.5% decline in revenue and 11.5% decline in volume compared to 
Q1 of the previous year. The prevailing demand remains subdued due to several factors 
aligning with the anticipated expectations, which contributed to lower sales volumes. It is 
worth mentioning that our industry has witnessed an accumulation of excess inventory, 
which has had repercussions on the overall ecosystem resulting in certain unsustainable 
business practices, which is happening in the marketplace. Our brand’s growth strategies 
are deliberately designed to ensure sustainable long-term growth while upholding sound 
financial health and maintaining the integrity of our brand identity. To navigate the 
temporary phase of market conditions, we have taken enough measures to safeguard and 
improve our market share. Additionally, a diligent control over expenses has been instituted 
to protect our margins. Speaking of some of the key updates for the quarter, our EBITDA 
margins witnessed sequential improvement which is attributed to lower product cost and 
better overhead absorptions. While we have taken several measures to control operating 
expenses, I would like to highlight that the high EBITDA margin in Q1 FY2023 was a 
result of the higher revenue recorded during that period. Our distribution network expansion 
remains in line with our plan. As of end of June, we have extended our presence to over 
120,000 plus MBOs, 1330 EBOs, and 2800 plus LFS outlets. We are strategically directing 
our attention towards metro and tier two and three cities while keenly gauging the potential 
pin codes for expansion. It is heartening to note that our e-commerce channel witnessed 
substantial growth of 43%, reflecting evolving consumer purchasing habits and our 
commitment to bolstering our online presence. I am sure you must be wanting to know our 
progress on the ARs implementation. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
I am delighted to say that the implementation has been making significant progress and has 
been strengthened for extensive adoption. While demand continues to be subdued, we 
remain steadfast in our conviction that this is merely a transient phase. Our proactive 
approach involves continued investment in shaping the future, thereby ensuring that we 
capitalize on the promising prospects that lie ahead of us. Our strategic focus continues on 
multiple fronts through intensifying general trade distribution, expanding modern trade and 
exclusive brand outlets, growing our B2C business, improving our customer experience, 
strengthening our product portfolio, and consumer engagement, which will go very hand in 
hand with brand building and ensuring a very robust supply chain. I will now let our CFO, 
Mr. Deepanjan to give you a detailed view on our financial performance, after which we 
will be happy to take your questions. Let me thank you once again for joining the call 
today. Deepanjan over to you. 
Deepanjan: 
Thank you VSG. Good evening everyone. I hope all of you are keeping well, so thank you 
for your participation in this evening. I am pleased to report that Page Industries has 
delivered  a reasonable performance in Q1 despite the current market challenges. We have 
successfully improved the margins by enhancing the qualitative aspects of our inventory. 
Let me begin by breaking down our quarter’s performance. Q1 revenue stood at Rs. 12,400 
million a growth of 28% quarter on quarter and a degrowth of 7.5% year on year. Volumes 
were 55.9 million which was a growth of 31% quarter on quarter and a degrowth of 11.5% 
year on year. Q1 EBITDA was Rs. 2418 million which was a growth of 80% quarter on 
quarter and degrowth of 19% year on year. The Q1 EBITDA margins were at 19.6%, which 
has grown by 5.6% quarter on quarter largely due to RM cost softening and operational 
expenses optimization. Q1 FY2023 EBITDA margins were higher at 22.2% due to higher 
sales and better cost absorptions. Q1 PAT were at Rs. 1584 million a growth of 102% over 
sequential quarter and degrowth of 23.5% year over year. Q1 PAT margins was around 
12.8% as against 15.4% in Q1 FY2023. Inventory was Rs. 14,321 million as in quarter end 
as against Rs 15,921 million in the end of Q4FY2023, which was around 105 days at the 
end of the June versus 154 days in Q4 FY2023 which is in line with our annual target of 
optimizing the inventory base. Net working capital was Rs. 8470 million at Q1 FY2024 as 
compared to 7710 million at the end of Q4 FY2023. Working capital days is at 58, which 
was around 73 days at the end of Q42023. To summarize our financial performance, despite 
the challenging demand contraction, Q1 FY2024 focused our agility in navigating demand 
challenges and capitalizing on growth opportunities. Our EBITDA performance highlights 
our commitment to operational efficiency and prudent cost management amidst the demand 
fluctuation. With this, we can open the floor to any further questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
First question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Avi Mehta: 
Congratulations on this performance. I wanted to kind of understand the volume trend.  
would you envisage that volume witnessed a bottom growth in this quarter and that we 
should probably turn maybe positive next quarter or how do we kind of see this as we go 
forward? Any indication or guidance on how should we look at this would be very helpful. 
V.S Ganesh: 
As regards to volume, if I look at the last few weeks, we are seeing some improvement, but 
I feel it is early days. We have to keenly watch how the festive period is. We are very, very 
optimistic that this festive season will be buoyant; last year was not all that buoyant so we 
are seeing some uptick, but it is too early for us to give you a guidance or tell you very, very 
clearly that things are turning around though we are seeing some light at the end of the 
tunnel.  
Avi Mehta: 
When you say festive demand that would be more of third quarter phenomena is that how I 
should understand it? That is what we had looked for more from the second half from a 
demand recovery is that what should read or maybe you could kind of tell? I am not really 
sure when you say festivals it is 2Q or 3Q that it plays into. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Of course, we are looking at Diwali, which is the main season and that is what we are 
looking at and of course there are also regional now in Kerala as Onam is going to kick start 
and I think this is the time for Kerala so it would start in a phased manner in all these states, 
but maybe Diwali as you said. We are seeing already some improvements, but it all depends 
on how long the upswing can continue. We need to keep a close watch because the market 
seems to be very volatile, so I will say the demand continues to be subdued and we need to 
keep having a close watch. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it fairly clear. The second bit on the margin side. I mean last quarter you had given an 
expectation of moving to 20-21% in second half now post this performance, would you 
look to upgrade that guidance and if you could also give us some sense on which line items 
in the other expenses have you focused on primarily which have helped drive this margin 
improvement? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Mr. Mehta, we have always been comfortable between 19-21% EBITDA and even when we 
look at all the interventions, we always try and maintain this margin. We are happy with 
that margin. We do not want to tighten too much on the need to have expenses. We need to 
also look after the brand and it’s long-term prospect so the short-term challenges apart, we 
need to invest for the future, so we always are comfortable with the 19-21% range. Now 
coming to the areas which we are concentrating on to control, mainly we are looking at how 
we can bring the inventory down and there has been tremendous progress in this front and 
we continue to work very hard on that front. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Our overheads are really tightened and our overheads are well under control, and we are 
looking at every rupee spent whether it is necessary or not and that is something we are 
looking at. We will continue to be people friendly. We will continue to look after our 
associates so we will not take those actions, but we will be making sure that the expenses 
are under control. From a cash flow point of view again whatever capex that can be 
postponed, we are postponing it so that we are in a comfortable position because we also 
blessed with a very good inventory as of now so there is nothing to panic on that front and 
there is no need to have an accelerated expansion plan so we are working very closely based 
on the demand. We are synchronizing our capacities. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect. With your permission just a last bit, any identification, would it be fair to say ARs 
impact is more or less done now? 
V.S Ganesh: 
ARS impact is more or less done because see last time when I told you that there is a 
temporary correction in inventory because inventory was bloated at that time so we have 
gone through that phase so there is absolutely nothing to worry as far as ARS coming in the 
way of our sales numbers. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay so it is just a demand thing now and that you are saying let us just wait and watch. 
Perfect. I will come back in the queue for the other question. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Ganesh, really in tough situation, you have tried your best to give the result. June quarter is 
highest for company, but it is down year to year 7.5% in top line. Profit after tax down to 
26% so our old stock of raw material and fabric has been wiped out or still we are having 
and what you learn from this lesson by maintaining high inventory of raw material and 
everything. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Thanks very good question. Actually Q1 when you look at it compared to last quarter, last 
quarter Q1 was historically high quarter we never in our history we had that kind of quarter. 
I can say it was partly abnormal because of the supply chain disruptions, which we had and 
there was a pent-up demand, there was revenge shopping happening so you could not 
compare that quarter with this quarter from a baseline point of view, so that apart the 
inventory is high you know, in hindsight we can say the inventory is very high but if you 
see previous year Q4 and Q1, Q2 of last year we did exceed them and none of us were able 
to predict how long this inventory will continue. These were very, very buoyant and I can 
say compared to overall what is happening in the industry we have done much better. We 
have less than 100 days inventory as Deepanjan showed our inventory levels are well under 
control now and I can see many of our peer companies have even 8 to 12 months of 
inventory and that is why we are seeing lot of interventions happening in the market by the 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
way of discounting and schemes and other things. Luckily, we had always had the prudence 
and much better control over pricing, so we did not get pushed to that extent. 
Ravi Naredi: 
One more observation, is all Jockey products since last so many years, we find that cost of 
products are very much expensive now so we face intense competition is it so? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Our commitment to being a value for money brand remains unwavering and this is deeply 
ingrained in our core pricing strategy. What we are doing is we are elevating the quality and 
features of our product and thereby we are offering enhanced value for the price paid. So, 
we always looked at how we can strike at that right balance between quality and 
affordability. If you see our product, you will see we have upgraded our products. We might 
not have reduced price, but from a value-for-money proposition we have really enhanced 
our product, and that is what you will see in the market. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Yes V Ganesh, really fantastic.  When all expansion of company will complete including 
Odisha? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Odisha project will hand over to operations by Q4 of this year and then we will be starting 
off the trial production and then going for commercial production. 
Ravi Naredi: 
The rest of the expansion which you are doing in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. 
V.S Ganesh: 
There is no much work in progress as far as expansions are concerned. The Karnataka 
plants are already in operation, which we said last year. Last quarter if you remember we 
said it is starting operating.  Our elastic unit is now operational and our women’s innerwear 
in Hassan is also fully operational now. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay all the best. You are really doing great. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers in this difficult 
environment. First question is with the distribution reforms behind us, what are the key 
growth drivers the leadership team is focusing on in near and medium term to revive growth 
and gain market share. 
V.S Ganesh: 
As far as distribution is concerned, it is work in progress. Ours distributors are getting on 
the auto replenishment system in a phased manner, but it is progressing very well and as I 
told you before, there is no impact to sales now, we have crossed that bridge. Coming to our 
strategy for long term growth, first and foremost is intensifying general trade distribution. 
We are committed to amplifying our reach within the specified distribution channel 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
ensuring that the products are readily accessible to a wider range consumer base, so the 
reach is the most important thing and we continue to expand modern trade and exclusive 
brand outlets. We have made significant stride in modern trade expansion with particular 
emphasis on rapidly growing our network in exclusive brand outlet. This approach aligns 
with our mission to provide premium shopping experience to our customer customers and 
to do justice to our entire product range. One other area where we are giving 
disproportionate attention is growing the D2C business. We all know this is the most 
important space that is having the highest growth traction and we are dedicated to nurturing 
our D2C business segment. The next area which we are looking at is on improving 
customer experience. We have made tremendous progress in the last few quarters, and we 
will continue to concentrate there. Central to our strategy is enhancing the overall customer 
experience and then we have been strengthening our product portfolio and our endeavour is 
geared towards further enhancing our product portfolio, catering to a diverse range of 
consumer preference and needs across the price points and leave no  white space.  Of 
course, brand building initiatives to grow the awareness, interest, and desire for the brand in 
their respective categories is something, which we are now looking at and we are no longer 
media dark, which we were during the pandemic, so this is whereas I told you before we do 
not want to cut costs where it matters. We definitely want to spend where it is required so 
that the long term of the business is in good hands and our longer-term outlook is so 
positive that it is very important that we are very aggressive in that marketplace. Of course, 
there is lot of work happening in further strengthening our supply chain this has always 
been our strength but there is no end to continuous improvement, and we are taking lot of 
action in further improving our supply chain and make it much more robust. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure very clear and second and last question, among the four categories men’s, women, 
Athleisure and kids, can you give us some qualitative ranking on which categories are 
growing above company’s average growth rate and which are kind of relatively struggling 
to grow or keep the averages up. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Tejash what we can see is the men’s premium category having a good growth comparative 
to all other categories that are showing a much higher growth at our production. The area 
which is going through a flux across industry is Athleisure side. Again this is a temporary 
phase and we discussed about this in last quarter also, but if you look at overall evolving 
lifestyle needs of the consumer and the market has shifted more towards Athleisure and 
especially post-COVID our confidence in this deeply rooted in growing this category. This 
is a short term what we see in Athleisure side but men’s premium to answer your question 
is the one which is going faster than all other categories. 
Tejash Shah: 
Thanks a lot and all the best for coming quarters. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Thank you so much and good evening to the management. Two questions. First is could 
you just give ballpark inventory number. I know you mentioned 100 days, but the 
absolutely inventory number at the end of Q1. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Absolute inventory number was Rs. 14,321 million at the end of Q1. 
Nihal Jham: 
That is helpful and then when you mentioned about these unsustainable business practices 
is it more in terms of incentives or aggressive discounting on the pricing by the competitors 
just can you give a little more color that would be helpful? 
V.S Ganesh: 
It is actually both. If you go to the market except few of us almost all the brands are having 
offers, promotions by one way or other and when I look at retailers there are lot of schemes 
which are happening, if you look at it from a bottom-line point of view these are not 
sustainable and it is not EBITDA or bottom line friendly. In a way I can say this is way of 
liquidating the stock and bringing the inventory down so that that is what is happening in 
the marketplace, so that is what we meant by unsustainable business practices and of course 
we has a brand, we work in a very hygienic focus, sustainable growth initiatives that is what 
we take so while we are making sure our partners are happy and this is where ARS is really 
helping our distributors because the inventory terms are improving and this is much better 
than any schemes or incentives which we can give. Our retailers are getting better product. 
Our consumers are able to discover more product ranges of ours, so we will continue to 
focus on these aspects which will bring sustainable growth. 
Nihal Jham: 
I was asking that while Jockey has expanded very well into the Athleisure Space is there a 
thought to make into a full pledged apparel brand just based on observation from some of 
our EBOs and also some SKU launches of jeans and some other product category, which 
we are beyond Athleisure by definition. 
V.S Ganesh: 
So Nihal two parts to the question so if you see our EBO it is not Athleisure, it is House of 
Jockey. We have preference across the range, men’s innerwear, women’s outerwear, men’s 
outerwear and juniors so it is a entire product category we had to offer today and when it 
comes to adjacencies we only look at adjacencies which are relevant to the brand signature, 
which is relevant to Jockey and how we have positioned. So we do not see ourselves 
coming with something like denim or something because that will confuse the mind of the 
consumers and today there is good clarity among our consumers as to what Jockey stands 
for and our adjacencies or expansions would be in line with the brand signature. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure Mr. Ganesh thank you so much. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sheela Rathi:   
Thanks for taking my questions. Just to repeat to one of the earlier questions in terms of 
category trends where you talked about men's premium going faster whereas Athleisure 
there are certain issues. Now talking about the festive season how do you plan to have the 
inventory in place in anticipation of the demand which we expect to be strong in the third 
quarter onwards? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Well our distributor inventory health is very, very healthy and with good adoption of ARS, 
we also have a wide representation of our product reach. We are also back with good 
inventories in our warehouses, so if there is an uptick in demand we are well positioned to 
cater to those requirements and we have also taken enough and more initiatives in the back 
end as far as agility is concerned, so today we made tremendous progress in turning around 
order shipment as far as backend is concerned.  With all this is in place, we would be the 
first to make use of the opportunity when the market bounces back. 
Sheela Rathi:   
Are we on a sequential basis also seeing that changing right that is demand is improving for 
us in general. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Absolutely, yes. 
Sheela Rathi:   
My second question is on the gross margins, why is there a dip on the gross margins this 
quarter? 
Deepanjan: 
The dip in the gross margin as we compare with Q1-2023, there have been several factors. 
Firstly, the prevailing demand has been subdued and as VSG explained we hit the highest 
sales in a quarter in the previous year, so it was the highest ever sale, so naturally with high 
sales overhead optimizations were much better last year and with that the  margins that we 
reported last year were quite high. At the same time as we explained there were situations in 
the market for the inventory and there was promotional activities given by other 
competitors, which has impacted our sales turnover and we continue to focus on the long-
term sustainable growth so to navigate this temporary phase of market and condition, we 
have taken major safeguard and improved our market share. Additionally we have taken 
steps for controlling our expenses and optimizing them, so broadly the reason is that when 
you look at Q1 FY2023 the sales was significantly higher and that helped in optimizing the 
cost. Current quarter when we look at it and naturally seeing the sales were much higher in 
that quarter, we had less investment in advertisement and other sales initiatives. This year 
we have resumed the advertisement and that has impacted our margin percent, but yes I 
mean if you look at the sequential margins we still have input significantly so we have 
increased by almost 5.6% as compared to Q4 FY2023. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Sheela Rathi:   
If I could follow up here, why is there sequential dip in the gross margins. Our gross 
margins in March quarter was 56.6 points and now we are at 52.9. 
Deepanjan: 
When we are commenting on gross margin, which is overall operating margin.  At 
operating margin level, Q4 we are at 13% and now we are 19% so that is the improvement 
of around 5% and odd. If you look at gross margin perspective, between the two quarters 
we look at gross margin based on our product cost plus conversion charges, so considering 
that we are more or less at the same level of Q4. 
Sheela Rathi:   
What is that number, the gross margin number as per your calculation. 
Deepanjan: 
As per our calculation we are at a gross margin level of around 53%. 
Sheela Rathi:   
That is a comparable number for the last quarter also. 
Deepanjan: 
Yes. 
Sheela Rathi:   
Understood and my final question was respect to the distributor count. For the last couple 
quarters, what we have observed is that the number has been coming lower versus 4800 
earlier now we are at 4000 is there any particular reason why this has been lower? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Gagan will be able to answer this, but just to tell you some of this is also some 
consolidation happening, especially on that. The distribution where the realignment is 
happening so these are all designed. Actually, there is no distributor attrition in fact it has 
only strengthened, and I feel this will further improve with ARS coming in I can already see 
excitement in our distributors, the way they are shaping up, so we do not have any such 
worry, but I think Gagan can add help value to this point, Gagan. 
Gagan Sehgal: 
Thank you, Mr. VSG. You have answered it. We do not really see a decrease as such in the 
distributor count because when you look at the unique distributors currently, we used to 
have around 1350 distributors couple of years back and currently we have 1736 unique 
channel partners. Yes, there is a bit of consolidation where in if any channel partner for any 
reason say would have exited at any point of time, which is a normal attrition right which is 
not more than what we expect. The first right of refusal is given to existing distributors so 
we are consolidating and making sure that our existing distributors they continue to grow 
and at the same time as we have created another vertical for accessories as Mr. Ganesh has 
rightly mentioned, we want the right kind of channel partners who should invest in us 
because we see a lot of potential in accessories so that is a consolidation that has been done 
from our side by design, so that you should have bigger channel partners who can give you 
the adequate investment and manpower so that we can create accessories as another vertical 
and continue to grow because we see huge opportunity there.  There is no cause of concern 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
in terms of any attrition it is all in control and we are keeping a very close because our 
channel partners are our primary customers and we continue to engage with them very, very 
closely. 
Sheela Rathi:   
Understood thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment Managers Pvt Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody: 
My first question is to Mr. VSG. Could you just quantify the impact of ARS in this quarter. 
How much of secondary sales which is not being recorded in our primary sales or just a 
volume, which has actually happened at end consumer level versus what is being recorded 
in our books. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Mr. Mody, as I told you sometime back as well we do not have any impact on primaries or 
secondaries because of ARS that was an issue, which we had in Q4 because of the bloated 
inventory which the distribution had so now our secondaries and primaries are in line. 
Rishi Mody: 
Our secondary sales has declined by 8% is what you are suggesting right. We have not 
taken any new price hikes. We have not done anything different this quarter around and 
hence the actual numbers have started reflecting. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Our secondary are in line with our primary and therefore if you look at it from a growth 
point of view what you said is right and that is understandable because the market is not 
buoyant and sluggish and we should also compare against the high base of last’s year Q1, 
which was abnormally high if you look at it from a baseline point of view. 
Rishi Mody: 
Right I understand. My second question is on the absolute decrease in employee cost; you 
were saying something but I just could not wrap my head round it. Could you explain how 
has this decreased in an absolute term. 
V.S Ganesh: 
As we have high inventory, we have been allowing normal attrition. As a company even 
during pandemic and even today we never had forced attritions that is a principal with 
which has to be worked and we are a very people centric company, but last few quarters 
since the inventory has been high and there is a need to manage inventory, we have been 
allowing normal attritions and that has helped us to bring the cost down. 
Rishi Mody: 
Basically you are saying that we are under-investing in our people, we are not replacing 
people who have left? Would not this threaten our long-term business capabilities, business 
strength? 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
V.S Ganesh: 
It will not. Since we have very healthy inventory when we see uptick happening and when 
we see the trajectory, we can always get time to do the course correction, we can build that 
capacity. Odhisa is a virgin’s place it is a Greenfield so for us it is question of timing as to 
when we have to start recruitments there. That has nothing to do with our current operating 
plants. Thirdly, we have enough muscle in outsourcing now. If you want to double the 
capacity there, we can do it that is the kind of relationship, which we have built with 
outsourcing and the partners, so we do not have any worries as far as seizing the 
opportunities concerned when the demand bounces back. 
Rishi Mody: 
This is on the factory side that the attrition has come in and you have not replaced while the 
corporate employee count is being replaced adequately. Is that a correct read on this? 
V.S Ganesh: 
It is mostly on the operating side because that is where there is no pressure, we need to 
manage our capacity. In fact, when it comes to sales, feet on the ground based on 
distribution expansion, we have been adding people, so as I told you sometime back our 
approach on cost control is measured wherever it is required for the growth of the business 
we are not holding back. We are making the right investment and wherever we can tighten 
our belt, we are tightening it. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay got it. Thank you. That is it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good margin performance in Q1. If I 
understood it correctly, you said you did better than peers in Q1 despite them giving higher 
incentives and discounts to the trade channel, so I wanted to check is this comment at the 
volume growth level or at the EBITDA level that you are mentioning? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Mr. Bansal what I said was we did better than the peers as far as inventory management is 
concerned. We have 105 days of inventory compared to 9 to 12 months of inventory, which 
the competition or the peer’s brand that is what as actually pushed those brands to take 
certain action on the marketplace, which may not be sustainable, so luckily we as a brand. 
Are not pushed to that wall that’s what I meant. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it and a quick follow up to this. Do you expect this to continue for another two quarters 
since they are having like 10-12 months of inventory, so that sort of incentives or higher 
margins can continue for another couple of quarters from the competition perspective? 
V.S Ganesh: 
It can, but if you see the sequential growth despite all that what is happening in the 
marketplace, if you see our performance compared to last quarter to this quarter, there is 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
tremendous growth and end of the day this is determined by the end consumer. If he is loyal 
to your brand, he will continue to buy your product as long as we are value for money and 
the last quarter’s growth clearly shows we have not out priced ourselves and therefore we 
are not worried about it. The last quarter to this quarter sequential growth is a good 
indicator of how things are heading. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Typically after Q1 has always been a strong quarter for us and then we see a sequential 
decline for all the three quarters, so that trend should continue this year or you expect 
demand sort of picking up and that trend can reverse this time around? 
V.S Ganesh: 
See, this depends fully on the market. Generally, the market needs to pick up, so we hope 
this cannot last for so long and things should bounce back and that is where we feel there 
will be update because this has been two to three quarters of sluggishness and how long can 
it last? 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I am asking if you can call out the advertisement marketing spend that we did in Q4-
FY2023 and Q1-FY2024 as a percentage of sales. 
Deepanjan: 
Advertisement was around 1.9% around 2% in Q4FY2023 and in Q1 FY2024 it is around 
2.5%. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
I am saying advertisement expenses have increased on a sequential basis, so the 
improvement in other operating expenses is almost like 600 basis points. You mentioned 
that we are not doing replacement, so is it the only reason or we have cut some other 
expenses as well? 
Deepanjan: 
It is the combination of several things. First of all, softening of the RM prices that has 
started gradually flowing in. It already started flowing from March Q4 and it has continued 
so that is one of the reasons why our margins have started improving. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Margins are stable on a sequential basis. 
Deepanjan: 
Yes, the gross level margins are stable. If you look at the employee expenses in absolute 
cost terms it has reduced but yes in percentage basis points it is slight increase. The savings 
that we have received is in terms of other expenses, which is more things like our logistics 
charges, our travel costs those kind of things even the market, certain other expenses what 
we give typically the incentives to our trade partners, so savings has gone into those areas. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amarnath Bhakat from Ministry of Finance of Oman. 
Please go ahead. 
Amarnath Bhakat: 
I was just trying to understand the way Jockey has performed in the main section so far. Of 
course, this is a market leading what is holding us back to replicate the same type of 
performance in the women's section and as well as in the kid’s section. We have tried a little 
bit in the early stage to do something in the kid’s section, but it seems that that section is not 
really picking up, can you give us some color that what the management is thinking about 
this women and the kid sections and some light on the Speedo side as well. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Okay, excellent. Thanks Mr. Amarnath for asking that.  In the woman's category, the 
organized market exhibits notably very low penetration, especially premium side of the 
business where we operate. Our current focus is not confined to safeguarding the market 
share. We want to actually gain market share. We have a lot of consensus on expanding 
penetration and capitalizing on the untapped market. We are allocating resources both 
through above the line and below the line to introduce because the awareness in the 
category. That is one of the foremost things which we need to focus on and that is what we 
are doing. This concerted effort serves the dual purpose of bolstering leadership and 
cultivating consumer understanding regarding the woman's innerwear segment. We observe 
that there is lot of awareness that we need to create in this category especially under 
women’s, especially on the bra side of it, wherein we are actually converting all our 
associates on the retail phase to be consultant, a fit consultant and a product consultant who 
can prescribe the right product based on the need of a consumer. We also formed a 
dedicated team for women’s innerwear and juniors and I can already see this has yielded 
favorable outcome in our go to market strategy so this approach has facilitated the 
establishment of a distinct and dedicated distribution network. It is extending to the very 
last mile as far as women’s innerwear and juniors are concerned.  All these moves which we 
are taking will help us to harness evolving premiumization trend and the transition from 
unorganized market to the organized player all this will help us. If you see our product 
range, we have a very rich product range and we are blessed with a very strong research and 
development team. We have the luxury of having some world class international talent 
heading the research and development team who are able to come with exciting products. 
Very, very functional, understanding the consumers requirement, and also rightly priced so 
we are nicely positioned where it is aspirational yet affordable for our consumers. We are 
poised to take off here. I think we have done all the groundwork which is necessary for us 
to take the business forward, so what you said is very right there should be nothing, which 
should be stopping us and we are firing on all cylinders as far as women and juniors are 
concerned. Coming to Speedo, Speedo has done exceedingly well in the last year. We are 
therefore refocusing on it. In fact, we are working on a long-term business plan for Speedo 
with the current improvements, which we are seeing, and we will be focusing on further 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
growing this category because Speedo as a market in India, this is evolving and there is 
much more awareness today. There is going to be significant lifestyle improvement and we 
are expecting this category to grow, so we stay invested as far as Speedo is concerned. 
Amarnath Bhakat: 
A follow up relating to that. If I read you correctly that means our endeavor is to increase 
the percentage of this women and kids on revenue. Just in this regard, this products of 
women and kids, are they at the similar margin level of the men’s product or it is 
substantially different and just to add to this what is our effort to extend our beyond India 
that means are we doing something to extend to international space as well and that is my 
last question. Thank you. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Margins is similar and as I said as a brand we always work that way and it has worked very 
well and what is more important is how we manage the inventories of distribution, how we 
can make sure he has a relevant stock at the right time and make sure they are in the right 
place. He gets much inventory turn and thereby becoming more profitability rather than 
having more percentage points as far as margin is concerned and this is where our focus on 
ARS is very, very important. As far as the international is concerned, we have 13 overseas 
EBOs, 10 in UAE, one EBO in Sri Lanka, one in Qatar, and one in Oman. 
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Thank you very much for your answer. 
Amarnath Bhakat: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is with regards to the ads spend. You 
mentioned that the ad spends was around 2.4% odd for Q1. However, in the past in the pre-
COVID times if you see the ad spends generally has been in the range of around 3.5 to 4%. 
While I understand that there is there would be teething issue quarter-on-quarter basis, but 
what kind of targets are we seeing on ad spends on a yearly basis? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Mr. Gaurav our ad spends in the range of four to 4 to 4.5% that is what we have been doing. 
Of course, it came down during the pandemic, which we were media dark, but generally it 
is around 4 to 4.5% and now we are focusing on creating those awareness both in the brand 
as well as all the product ranges which we have, so we are getting back to that normal 
trajectory as far as our expenses are concerned. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Would it be prudent to assume that the ad spend or the spends would pick up in the later 
half of the year? 
V.S Ganesh: 
It is bound to pick up in the later part of the year, but it is all part of our budget. When I say 
we have taken enough measures to protect our margins, all these are considered, we have 
already baked these in our budget and we also taken enough initiatives to control costs on 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
other sides of the business, so that with 4 to 4.5% the marketing spend, we still can maintain 
and protect our margins. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, and the margin guidance you gave, that is 19 to 21% that includes the other income as 
well if I am right. 
Deepanjan: 
Yes, it does. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure, I just got one last question from my end.  On the trends while we understand that 
during the COVID times, there was a lot of volatility in terms of demand conditions and 
because of which you saw Q1 being with very high base, but would it be prudent assume at 
least that the demand conditions have now normalized and probably going ahead we could 
see the normalized trends and therefore these trends may follow now going ahead as well. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Definitely, but when we talked about volatility, it is not only the pandemic. If you see the 
last 4-5 years, there were enough and more things happening in the marketplace, which 
brought in a lot of volatility. GST was one then we had the pandemic then last year we also 
felt that above 1000 and below 1000 GST correction. Then it was reversed back so all this 
is something which we went through. I would not say it was the pandemic alone and today 
what we are seeing is the overall bloating of inventory in the industry, which is affecting all 
of us, so going forward, I hope things will be normal. 
Deepanjan: 
Just to add in your earlier clarification, the margin of 19.5 does not include the other 
income. It excludes the other income. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
My last question if I could chip in one more. It is of the pricing bit, this quarter if you see 
the top line growth decline 8% odd however the volume decline was higher at around 
11.5% given, we had 4% kind of difference. I am assuming that we have not taken any price 
increase as such for now. 
Deepanjan: 
We had taken a price increase in August 2022, so that impact is definitely there. On top of 
that, there is a premiumization impact so that is what is the gap between 11.5% degrowth 
and 7.5% degrowth. 
V.S Ganesh: 
 Just to further clarify. We do not see any need for any immediate intervention. We are very 
comfortable. There will be a need for intervention only if there is some abnormal input 
costs, increase like what we saw two years back. If such things happen only, we may have 
to look at it and that that is something for the industry to look at it but as things stand now 
there is no need for us to relocate and have a price intervention. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Actually, that was I was going to ask. Thank you for the clarification and best of luck. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Two questions from my side. When do you say industry participants are filled with 
inventory, once they inventory extinguishers in the system, they could take price cuts 
because of the lower raw material and you have a policy of not taking price cuts, do not you 
think that that post the price cuts they will again be competitive and your products are still 
going to be expensive for a normal consumer? 
V.S Ganesh: 
Mr. Ankit, if I look at MRP to MRP we are still very, very comfortable. In fact, most of our 
peer brands are priced much higher than us. Of course, they have taken certain promotional 
activities because of the inventory. Yes, that does play in the market but if you look at a 
MRP to MRP we are much more competitive than most of our peers perhaps. 
Ankit Kedia: 
My second question is we just entered into the institutional business last month where you 
are making all the EBO franchise partners with your distributors for the institutional, there 
you have actually told the partners that the Jockey logo will not be there and they could 
scout for B2B business, how big is the opportunity for Jockey here and will you need to pay 
royalty on these products given that the Jockey logo or the Jockey brand will not be there on 
these outer wear products? 
V.S Ganesh: 
 I just want to clarify on this Ankit, this Jockey logo this will be dependent on the institution 
which is going to look at our products mostly it will be co-branded. In fact, what we see is 
most of the institutional buyers are so proud of the Jockey brand that they always prefer a 
co-branding, so that is what it is so. We are seeing a great opportunity. In the sense this is 
one area where we have not explored even though we were present we are not actually 
pushed this. We see good potential here. In fact, we also see this more not only from a top 
line point or the business partition. This also may help us to recruit new consumers. For 
them it will be a discovery for the brand so we are looking at it that way as well. 
Ankit Kedia: 
On a three-year perspective, how big could this business be from your perspective. 
V.S Ganesh: 
Early days Mr. Ankit. We are also trying to understand because as I told sometimes, we can 
have a very high number at the cost of margin so we want to strike a good balance between 
it. For us, we are still exploring the opportunities which institutional business presents. You 
may have to give us the luxury of some more time to give a concrete answer on this.  
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for the 
day. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepanjan for the closing comments. 

  
Page Industries Limited 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Deepanjan: 
Thanks again everybody for participating in the earnings call. It was an interesting 
discussion so thanks again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Page Industries Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
