 
 
DNL/140/NSE/1413/2023 
August 16, 2023 
   
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Stock Symbol: DEEPAKNTR   
 
Sub: Submission of earnings conference call Transcript 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Q1 & FY 2024 held on 
August 8, 2023 and the same is also available on the website of the Company at the weblink 
https://www.godeepak.com/financial-result/. 
 
Please take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
 
 
 
ARVIND BAJPAI  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
ARVIND 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed by ARVIND BAJPAI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=979d507ce0b40ab5fc7a169eb20b08566c
b8787b3ef83223486ad81fb880ac0f, 
postalCode=390021, st=GUJARAT, 
serialNumber=8d20c67bf107cbb39d589f957e197
2f3769c5a4d3bc7f3d908f55d36402df9bb, 
cn=ARVIND BAJPAI, l=VADODARA, 
pseudonym=b52e27584bcf49fcbe73900ea9712a9
5 
Date: 2023.08.16 15:51:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAULIK MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DEEPAK NITRITE 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY UPADHYAY – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – DEEPAK NITRITE 
LIMITED 
MR. SOMSEKHAR NANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RANJIT CIRUMALLA – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Deepak Nitrite Limited’s Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Cirumalla from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Deepak 
Nitrite Limited’s Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us, Mr. Maulik 
Mehta, Executive Director and CEO; Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, Director, Finance and Group CFO; 
and Mr. Somsekhar Nanda, CFO, Deepak Nitrite Limited. We will begin the call with opening 
remarks from the management team followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
To begin with, Mr. Maulik Mehta, will share his views on operating performance and the growth 
trends of the company followed by Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, who shall take us through the financial 
and segmental performance. 
I now invite Mr. Mehta to share his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everybody, and a warm welcome to all of you on Deepak Nitrite’s Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. To begin, we pay tribute to Shri CK Mehta, visionary Founder, and 
Chairman Emeritus of Deepak Nitrite Limited, who departed peacefully surrounded by family 
on July 3rd, 2023.  Over 50 years ago, he ramped up Make in India, leading to the establishment 
of Deepak Nitrite Limited, a professionally driven organization epitomized by strong values, 
excellence, and responsible chemistry. His legacy of nation-building by serving society 
continues to inspire and guide the Deepak Group. As we cherish his illustrious life filled with 
inspirational moments and fondly remember him for his contribution to the nation, to society, to 
the Company, and to our entire fraternity of stakeholders. 
 
Our results documents were shared with you earlier and I hope you have had the opportunity to 
glance through them. I will initiate by briefly taking you through the key financial and 
operational highlights for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023. Mr. Upadhyay will then present 
you with a more comprehensive financial overview during the period under review. Following 
this, we will open the forum for a Q&A session. 
As we stepped into fiscal year 2024, we faced an array of challenges arising from global 
macroeconomic pressures and slower-than-anticipated demand from key customer segments. 
The Indian chemical industry, including Deepak Nitrite was impacted in Q1 FY24 by factors 
such as additional supply from China opening up, a global destocking of inventory and a 
slowdown in the Euro zone. This has led to the softening of realizations and impacted the volume 
off-take. 
 
In order to save our profitability and market share, the Company proactively took several 
measures like exploring new customer opportunities, optimizing procurement and evaluated 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
valorization opportunities of byproducts, apart from continuous improvement around 
operational excellence. These have helped us to operate plants efficiently and consistently 
deliver supplies to customers, while making progress on growth initiatives and strategic 
parameters. 
During May 2023, we reported highest-ever production for some of our products, showcasing 
solid business resilience. Notably, we have been able to export key pharma and agro-
intermediates to China during the last two quarters and we will continue to do so. We have also 
successfully enhanced wallet share in each and every one of our products. 
 
Apart from carefully navigating through challenges, we made progress on strategic endeavours. 
We proactively de-risked our business model by securing assured input supplies from alternate 
sources. We have recently commenced a captive power supply and are driving value from waste. 
Further, the growth initiatives to enter a substantial supply contract in all segments ensure a clear 
pathway for sustainable growth. 
The development that I am personally excited about is the setting up of a world-class R&D 
center in Vadodara. This R&D center is under implementation and will allow us to further 
deepen our capabilities and expertise across existing as well as new complex chemistries. We've 
also made considerable progress on all of our growth initiatives and capex plans, making Q1 a 
fairly eventful quarter on all counts. 
With this backdrop, I shall share an overview of the performance. In Q1, consolidated revenues 
were INR 1,800 crore, lower by 13% Y-o-Y and 9% Q-o-Q. The challenging industry-wide 
conditions amid the opening of China, inventory destocking, etc. We believe that this is 
transitionary and have undergone several such cycles in our history, our focus during the quarter 
was on factors within our control such as optimizing of procurement, operational excellence, 
and exploring new opportunities with existing and new customers and new products that we 
have enhanced our valorization opportunities for. This has enabled us to partially mitigate the 
impact of prevailing weak industry trends, but we must also remember that many of these are 
sustainable improvements and will take us well into stronger quarters. 
 
EBITDA for Q1 FY24 was INR 242 crore, lower by 33% Y-o-Y, translating into an EBITDA 
margin of 13%. The changes in the global chemical landscape intensified by China's product 
dumping at lower prices, resulted in lower sales realization. Sales at several key products, 
including phenol, owing to a general sluggishness of market impacted our operating  
performance. Consequently, EBIT and PAT for the quarter declined by approximately 36% year-
on-year. However, in most of the cases, we have been able to either retain or increase wallet 
share.  
Projects under implementation for brownfield of existing products and processes and capex for 
an assured supply of inputs using photohalogenation and complex Halex fluorination, as well as 
projects for asset supply are expected to be commissioned over the next 6 to 8 months. These 
will enhance our competitiveness and together with the cyclical recovery in prices will buttress 
our profitability going ahead. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Now coming to our segmental performance. In Q1, the Advanced Intermediates segment 
generated revenues of INR 719 crore, lower by 3% on a Y-o-Y basis, amidst a decline in input 
prices and hence realizations. Despite inventory destocking by our customers, our margins in AI 
remained steady. As a result, segment PBT was resilient at INR 115 crore as compared to INR 
131 crore last year. 
Deepak Phenolics reported revenue of INR 1,089 crore in Q1. The decline in revenue and 
EBITDA is due to a sharp contraction in phenol spreads due to a supply glut arising from the 
opening up of China, as well as the slowdown in global markets and spreads being at a multiyear 
low. 
We do have to also mention that the phenol plant was shut down for the first time in 4 years for 
its regular maintenance change, and this was for 15 days in the beginning of the quarter. We also 
looked at the improving raw material trend to self-finished products at a much more accelerated 
rate and we entered Q2 with a multiyear low opening inventory to take the best advantage out 
of the improved feedstock prices. 
The Phenolics division aims to enhance downstream offerings to projects such as MIBC and 
MIBK, which will lead to higher capital utilization of acetone and attractive margins. Looking 
ahead, we are strategically positioned to capitalize on increasing demand and benefit from the 
trend of import substitution in India. The asset on derivatives remains a significant progress on 
ground for the project execution. The plant is expected to be commissioned in the first half of 
FY25, enabling downstream value-added products. 
In a key development, Deepak Chem Tech Limited (DCTL), our wholly owned subsidiary, 
signed a INR 5,000 crore MOU with the Government of Gujarat to manufacture specialty 
chemicals, phenol, acetone as well as bisphenol in the state. DCTL will invest approximately 
INR 5,000 crore across these projects, aimed to commence the first phase in '24, '25 and 
complete the project by '26, '27. 
 
Just health indicators, I'd like to share because I know that this question will come up during the 
discussion. In Deepak Phenolics, we expect quarter 2 to be better on a Y-o-Y basis as well as a 
Q-o-Q basis. In Deepak Nitrite, we expect quarter 2 to be flat on a Y-o-Y basis and improved 
on a Q-o-Q basis. And on a consolidated level, we expect both Deepak Nitrite and Deepak 
Phenolics together to be able to deliver better on Q-o-Q as well as Y-o-Y basis. 
 
So, closing, I'd like to emphasize that Deepak Nitrite is well positioned for expansion in various 
aspects with a strong integration in the value chain. Our investment plan, which, at the moment, 
the project under execution amount to about INR 2,000 crore plus or minus, reflects our 
enthusiasm to seize opportunities, both in India and worldwide. 
We continue to diversify our product offerings, expand our client base and enhance overall value 
propositions with a strong financial position, valuable customer relationship and well considered 
growth initiatives, we're poised to elevate our business proposition. Our expansion plans will 
improve our competitiveness, grow market share and generate value for all stakeholders. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
I'd now like to hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, who will address this forum and take 
you through the financial performance and key updates during the period. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you, Maulik. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today on Deepak 
Nitrite's earnings call. I'll walk you through the highlights of the financial results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023. Deepak performed interestingly during the quarter, despite a challenging 
environment, which impacted most of the chemical industries all over the world.  
In Q1, consolidated revenues were lower by 13% at around INR 1,800 crore due to declining 
realizations and lower volumes in light of inventory destocking by global customers. In spite of 
that, Deepak Nitrite’s volume share has not gone down like at one year. But the impact is largely 
because of the price realization which were lower as compared to earlier period. 
 
EBITDA was INR 242 crore, down by 33%. Spreads across key product in phenols have reduced 
in past quarter. In fact, phenol witnessed multiyear cyclical lows this quarter as the real EBITDA 
margin has compressed to 13% during the quarter, PBT and PAT decreased to INR 202 crore 
and INR 150 crore, respectively. Our domestic business has generated revenue of INR 1,432 
crore and export revenues were at INR 336 crore during the quarter. 
 
Moving to our segmental performance in the Advanced Intermediates segment, revenues 
decreased by 3% to INR 719 crore in Q1 versus INR 739 crores in Q1 FY23, while EBITDA 
was down 9% to INR 136 crore during the quarter under review, the Advanced Intermediates 
segment reported a resilient performance on the back of diverse product portfolio and strong 
customer service capabilities performing very creditably, despite the challenging industry 
backdrop. 
Deepak Phenolics reported a lower revenue by 19% to INR 1,089 crore in Q1 versus INR 1,338 
crore in Q1 FY23. EBITDA was INR 107 crore, down by 51% in Q1, while EBITDA margin 
came in at 10% versus 16% in FY23. The Company's working capital position improved by INR 
321 crore. Advanced Intermediate by INR 41 crore and Phenolics by INR 82 crores. 
 
In Q1 FY24, DNL witnessed exchange rate volatility ranging from a peak of 82.85 to a low of 
81.61. To manage the forex volatility risk, the Company employed dynamic hedging strategies, 
which led to a gain of INR 0.24 crore in Q1 FY24. Lastly, on the balance sheet front, Company’s 
financial position continues to be strong, being net zero debt Company and with solid cash flows, 
we are well poised to execute on growth plans. 
During the quarter, we effectively managed surplus funds to make advanced payments to select 
suppliers, receiving cash discounts and remaining funds where invested in safe investment 
avenues and surplus funds are in the process of being deployed in growth prospects. As a result, 
we achieved an aggregate gain of INR 8.6 crore in Q1 FY24. 
On a considerable basis, the Company remains debt free and boasts of a substantial net worth of 
INR 4,240 crore. This will facilitate leveraging in balance sheet for potential expansion projects 
as and when needed in the future. This was explained in detail by our Chairman in the AGM last 
week. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
Our investment in its wholly-owned subsidiary DCTL was INR 499.5 crore, of this INR 94.5 
crore was invested in Q1 FY24. The total investment in DCTL comprises of INR 9.5 crore in 
equity and INR 490 crore in CCDs. Approved projects are being executed as per planned. We 
are poised to announce commissioning of projects over the next several quarters in a phased 
manner. 
Once commissioned, the plants will help secure internal supply of critical raw materials and 
thereby elevate the profitability levels at full utilization. Further, the Company is building world-
class R&D centers as explained by Maulik near Vadodara to solidify its capabilities and 
expertise across complex chemistries. While accelerating growth momentum, existing R&D 
setup keeps working on various product and processes. 
With that, I would like to now request moderator to open question and answer session please. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity International. 
Madhav Marda: 
I just had one very broad question. I think in the initial remarks, you mentioned that you all have 
seen quite a few sub-cycles in the history of the Company. Just wanted to understand, what are 
the key things which are similar and the key things which are different in this cycle versus the 
past ones. And in your view, what could help in the cycle, sort of correcting itself and things 
coming back to more normal levels? That would be very helpful. 
Maulik Mehta: 
See, when we alluded to the fact that we have seen several cycles, what we mean is in a general 
sense, when new capacities are coming in, you will always have a short period of time when 
demand grows and demand grows at a relatively consistent phase, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% CAGR. But 
when capacities come online, they come online in a certain manner. 
So, over a period of time, this normalizes, so the demand is able to match up to the capacity that 
has been commissioned. And hence, when we're talking about commodity chemicals where 
Deepak Phenolics play largely, you have such situations of bull and bear cycle. But over a period 
of time, they normalize. 
 
Similarly, as China has always been over the last 25 years, a significant player, maybe the most 
significant player in the production of chemicals. Generally, what ends up happening is that the 
production comes online in a normal market situation. What we have right now is a perfect 
storm, where there is low consumption in China and certain unlocking of COVID measures in 
China have pushed a lot of volume out. 
But globally, because of tightening interest rates, there is also a headwind with regard to long-
term visibility on consumption. Let me clarify that in the short term, demand is there, and 
consumption is there, but customers are not able to project a situation beyond the next 3 to 6 
months. And wherever they are, that is simply because they may have their own downstream 
tied up in the consumption markets as well. 
So, cyclicality in this sense in the chemical industry, whether it is in specialty or in commodity 
chemicals from the involvement of players like China and from the involvement of players like 
Europe, this we have seen. And we expect that Deepak is not only well positioned, but we'll be 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
having an opportunity to be able to make significant strengthening of its moat as we move 
forward. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
I would just add one thing to this. Though cyclicality affects the prices, we can maintain our 
volumes. Even if you see Phenolics, we are confident that we will achieve last year's production 
level. Maybe we'll not produce more but the turnover, maybe we'll cross that also. So the market 
share remains intact and the position in Deepak Phenolics is strong, once the  demand picks up, 
we are very confident we will do better than what we have done in the first quarter. 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it. And just a follow-up from my side would be that so the key thing to watch for incremental 
is China's own domestic demand kind of coming back and that should solve a lot of challenges 
that the global chemical industry faces. Is that one key thing to watch out for or what are the 
other pointers that we should look at to sort of think about recovery? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So as generally, as the interest rates stabilize, global consumption comes to a point where they 
can project over a longer period. As I mentioned, right now, customers also have visibility of 
only a couple of months. But as they become confident that the global situation is stable, even 
if it is stable at a higher level, they are very happy to place a long-term commitment to volume. 
But at the same time, China is picking up its internal consumption as well. So, whatever you see, 
which is a slowdown in terms of quarter, month-on-month export as well as imports in China. 
A large part of this is prices, not so much volumes. Volumes are intact in that sense. And as we 
move forward, we expect that China will go closer to its own self-sufficiency and India will be 
more linked with the rest of the world in terms of global demand and supply. 
Madhav Marda: 
So, the Indian supply chain diversification, has been a key driver for growth for the companies 
in India. That kind of still holds, right? This is more of a cyclical challenge than anything 
changing structurally on the ground. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yes. But I will also caution that it is easy for companies and investors to just bet on the same 
horse. So, this is certainly a key driver, but by no means is it the only driver. And there are other 
important factors at play too, including, but not limited to the Indian companies' own resilience 
and competitiveness. 
Companies like Deepak are used to competing with China. So, our performance matches China's 
ability to perform on the best of days as well as the worst of days. So, we don't necessarily need 
to depend on China doing well or badly in order to have a level of resilience from our own 
operational excellence. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, on the spend onto post capex, all the plans which we have commissioned. So, if you can 
share the capex as well as the cost savings which could accrue to us with the commissioning of 
this plant. 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, I mean, the plant has been commissioned, but cost savings are not the right way to put it 
because we have significantly reduced the volume of spend that we will push out and cost 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
savings are always going to be in relation to the price of fresh asset. What I would like to, 
however, say is that this will add a significant score advantage to our scope 1, scope 2 emission 
disclosures. 
And more than that, it allows us to have a more sustainable operation where we are less 
dependent on external vagaries. So, all of these things have a cost of energy, a cost of fresh 
materials, and these things change. So, it is difficult to give you an exact number. But anyway, 
what I can tell you is that the fantastic concentration plant fits well within our internal benchmark 
about savings and has the significant added benefit of improving our ESG. So, I look at it from 
not the bottom line but from the right thing to do. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, the first question is on the new R&D center. So, we have been building capabilities over the 
last few years and that is also displayed in terms of the newer products that we are working on 
and the projects which are getting commissioned. I mean, we plan to work on this new R&D 
centre. So, is it that we now would be also focusing on the export market given that 
predominantly earlier, our focus was on import substitutes? So, your thoughts on the same from 
a vision perspective? Thank you. 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, we supply to the import substitution market. But more and more, the import substitution 
market has become a good foil for the global market because more and more of these 
multinational companies have started putting up their own investments into India or have tied 
up with converting partners in India. 
So now, I mean, we don't look from Deepak Nitrite's perspective at just an import substitution, 
but we look at it from the perspective of making in India and making it to be able to supply to 
the world, which, of course, includes India. So, processes that we are building up in our R&D 
center. Some of these are the processes that we currently have in our technical toolkit, and we 
are adding new processes in this, which are at a very advanced stage. 
 
And what we are doing is we are ensuring that we have a very high level of integration, both 
software integration as well as hardware integration between our R&D, our scale-up facilities 
and what we would call our challenged product, challenged capability plants, which are 
somewhere between mini plants and pilot plants where we are able to demonstrate our capability.  
Now we are also getting into a lot of gas-liquid reactions and gas-gas reaction. And as I have 
mentioned earlier, we are moving ahead with at least three life sciences products, which will be 
downstream of our existing product basket. And these are, as I earlier also mentioned, going to 
be tied up with strategic customers in multi-year contracts. And we'll have some small volume 
of sales into the market as price discovery also. 
So, these will all be taking place on an accelerated basis in our new R&D center. What it will 
allow us to do is it will allow us to do more of the same faster rather than keeping everything in 
a long line of projects that need space from the assets that are available. Along with that, it will 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
also allow us to get into a couple of new processes, which I will not get into detail about right 
now. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sir. This is helpful. Sir, the second question is on Phenol. So, in your opening remarks, you 
alluded that there have been supplies coming from China. So, does it mean that there have been 
significant capacity additions in China, which are over and above their internal consumption? 
And that will probably have some bearing on the spreads over the medium term. And a second, 
a light question to that. In terms of the capacity debottlenecking that we're talking about 10%. 
So, after the debottlenecking, our capacity would increase to 330,000 from 300,000? Thank you. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay. So, for the first part, we are not seeing any significant imports of Chinese phenol into 
India. However, because China is the largest producer in the world, its presence on a global stage 
means that there is increased pressure from non-Chinese phenol suppliers to also participate in 
Indian consumption. Nonetheless, as we alluded to in our opening remarks, Deepak has been 
able to maintain as well as grow its wallet share. So, while these imports were there before we 
started, these imports continue even when we are running our plant. We expect that these imports 
will continue even in the future. 
 
Sometimes, this is because the new capacities that have been commissioned in the last six 
months have not yet had their downstream capacity commissioned, which generally may happen 
with a delay of a couple of months. Nobody wants to be in a situation where they commission a 
downstream first and then the upstream. So, this may have a transient effect, but all I can say is 
that, yes, there will always be this pool between the changes in terms of RM and the changes in 
terms of SG especially for a commodity chemical like phenol. 
But we remain confident that we will maintain or grow our wallet share in India as consumption 
continues to increase even compared to the rest of the world where consumption may be 
moderating or slightly decreasing, India is a bright spot in the global economy when it comes to 
consumption and Deepak is in a prime position to be taking advantage here. 
 
The second question that you asked with regards to the capacity, rather than going into numbers, 
330,000 that, whatever. What we can say is that on a debottleneck basis compared to the design 
capacity, Deepak should and will be able to produce about 150% of what it had invested to 
produce in 2018. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Actually, I would rather elaborate here that, see, when you say debottlenecking in the process is 
already on. If we have touched this capacity, say, 135%, 140% I mean this is not one should go, 
this is now debottlenecked and capacity will go up like this. It has gone up. In 1 year, we have 
gone up from 220, 225, 230, 260, 270, 280. So, this is how it is. And to put any number is 
difficult as our team is capable of being much, much more than what we say anytime. So, we 
are very confident that we will deliver, as Maulik mentioned, about 150% on a consistent basis 
that the approach, can cross even beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anas Savarkar from Value Quest. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Anas Dadarkar: 
So, I didn't quite get the last one, you mentioned the Chinese imports. So, if you could just repeat 
what you've said. Because I understand, I think in the Q4 call, you mentioned that the Company 
doesn't have competition from Chinese phenol manufacturers.  
Maulik Mehta: 
See, direct phenol from China. There is some in India, but it is very, very small. But because 
China is a large player, it's applying to the global market to disrupt other suppliers who then 
divert more volume to India. This is a normal situation. You have to think of phenol like 
Benzene, Toluene, Xylene, where it is an ocean. If one place gets occupied, it's water, it moves 
into another location.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the advanced intermediate side. In your opening remarks, you did mention 3% 
Y-o-Y decline is largely led by realizations, while volumes have been largely intact. Just wanted 
to understand within the segment considering from, let's say, the basic product or the value-
added segments, is there any significant diversion there? And how has been the competitive 
intensity in both of them? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay. So let me give an indication of what we are seeing in the end application industries. So, 
plywood, and I'm telling you about the Company as a whole, including Deepak Phenolics. 
Plywood and construction, we are seeing an improving trend for sure. Auto we are seeing 
somewhat of an improving trend. And what I'm telling you right now is on a sequential basis, 
just to be clear, Pharma is relatively flat or slightly better. Dyes is flat, but it is flat at a low point 
over the last couple of quarters, Dyes has not picked up to what it was maybe about a year, 1.5 
years ago. 
Agro also flat. Paper and textiles also flat but also at a very low level. So, when I am saying that 
we are seeing an improvement is on the basis of how we see quarter 2 going where there are 
certainly green shoots that are visible, as I mentioned earlier, in the construction and the auto 
segments. And the other places where we see an improvement is because we are able to take 
wallet share away from other players who are in the same product. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, sir. And from a growth perspective, given that we have been launching newer products 
earlier as well. And now also, there are plans of the new value-added products getting launched. 
How do you look at them, let's say, from a growth perspective in terms of your market share 
gains with the existing ones as well as the new customer addition? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, our guidance with regards to growth and the value that, that growth would bring into our top 
line and bottom line remains intact. So even today, we see a similar top line as well as our bottom 
line to all of the capex which are currently under execution. There are a few other capexes, which 
we have not yet started to execute, which are at the engineering level. And these are also being 
seen from the same life. 
Today, we expect a similar outcome from those, we are going into it with caution, talking to 
customers because they also need to be able to give us the same confidence not only on prices 
but also in terms of volumes because it will all be multi-year contracts. But today, I can tell you 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
that there is no drop in our excitement about the existing projects as well as the ones that we 
have not yet announced. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, sir. And just a follow-up on that. What percentage broadly of the business here will be 
more on a longer-term basis, more like a client commitment there? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, most of the new products that we get into will be with a significant part of the volume, the 
majority of the volume being on a contractual basis. Some brownfield expansions that we do for 
existing products, will continue to have the same blend of contractual and non-contractual. I 
hope that gives clarity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just had one question actually with regard to the project pipeline that is getting commissioned 
over the rest of this year, FY23-24. So, while we are aware about the integration too as well as 
the asset capacity, both of which will serve backward integration. Any other projects, brownfield 
or greenfield that were commissioned in the past that we should expect to start contributing to 
the numbers over the rest of this financial year? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, at this moment, we have give or take about INR 2,000 crore, INR 2,100 crore, which is under 
execution. This does not include projects where we have not yet tied-up everything. So, if we 
have tied-up everything, including the customer contracts, including the RM sourcing, etc., then 
we would add to this number. 
So, when we're talking about that INR 5,000 crore and all that, that is a separate amount because 
we're still in the process of tying-up with customers and all. So, this INR 2,000 crore is well on 
its way and over the next, I think, one year or at least the next five quarters, pretty much all of 
these should be commissioned. And this will be a mix 50-50 of bottom line accretive as well as 
top line accretive. Let me highlight that anything which is top line accretive, is obviously also 
bottom line accretive. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
If you're asking about the past brownfield, whatever we have done, the expansion and then the 
quantities were fully sold. Only issue is that today, if you see the agro industry is not doing that 
well. The demand is subdued. We are not gunning at 110 million side at double the capacity. So, 
if you ask the double capacity, are we running fully? Then no. But then we are much higher than 
the earlier levels. That much I can tell you. 
 
The word capacity is of course, we have done in past a full double capacity. But today, it is 
lower. And then say, nitrite also, we have capacity much more that what we are. But yes, we are 
running a little lower than our full capacity. So today, there is a subdued demand in the market, 
no doubt on that. We are running full, selling higher volumes as compared to earlier years and 
even this year also. But we still have scope to increase further capacity if the demand revives 
further. 
Abhijit Akella: 
That's very helpful. So just maybe one follow-up on the advanced Intermediates business. Sanjay 
bhai, you mentioned the sodium nitrate running a little bit subdued utilization levels. How about 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
the other major products in that segment, like if we take nitrotoluene or DASDA, OBA, or the 
Fine Speciality side? Is pressure sort of visible across all of these some and others 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Let's not get into product specific but and we also told that, the products going to dyes and dye 
intermediates. There is definitely an impact. So, we're going to textile also. So there, you will 
see this impact on demand slowdown is certainly felt, anything there for past one year. Things 
have not improved as such in those industries. And there, we are not able to do 100%, beyond 
100%. 
Normally, our strategy is to go beyond 100%, which we are not able to do, though, we are selling 
the volumes higher than last year, but then capacity can be debottlenecked, and we have 
debottlenecked. But to answer your question, running at 100%, 115%, is not possible. because 
the demand is subdued. End applications rather than product-specific. You know where the 
application is. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, absolutely. No, that's clear. And one last thing on the raw material side, we've been seeing 
softening commodity prices but for us to sort of benefit from those, will we again need to see 
demand recovery before we start to be able to hold on to those benefits  
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
No, not really. In fact, if you see the first quarter, we were having some impact of these 
inventories also because we are importing also for our fine & specialty. Now if you import, you 
don’t import in a very small parcel. So, when the price suddenly falls and prices started falling, 
we were carrying inventories, and that was consumed in the first quarter. 
So Q2 will not have much impact on raw materials. So, we should start seeing the benefit. As 
Maulik explained, this quarter looks better than the consequential basis of Q1. That is largely 
because in Q1 volumes are sold, but this will not be seen and then, you'll see a better number in 
Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Jain from Tara Capital Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Jain: 
Thank for the opportunity. Sir, one question on the outlook for global Phenol. You said that 
globally, the demand for Phenol is not growing and India remains the bright spot. So, in that sort 
of context, this pressure that, we have from goods getting imported from other parts of the world. 
Is that something that, we should expect on a sustained basis in the future also? Or you still 
maintain that, this is a transient issue and this is going to solve itself out? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay. Just to clarify, it's not that the demand for Phenol is not growing. It’s just that, the supply 
of Phenol in the last six months has been significantly faster than the growth in demand. And as 
I alluded to right in the beginning of the call, this is part of the regular bull-bear cyclical trend 
that one sees with commodities. Now India's demand is growing faster than the world's demand.  
And hence, just because of the gravity of India's demand outstripping world demand, there is 
more interest from international suppliers. But as I also mentioned, Deepak has been able to hold 
its own, has grown its wallet share and has ensured that, we can be able to make product available 
from its plants. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
In Q1, we had a short 15-day shutdown. But this is the first time in four years that we've taken 
it, and this is a critical part of maintaining any capital invested, chemical plant, which operates 
on a continuous basis. So yes, there has been an impact that was felt in Q1. Similarly, there has 
also been the impact of Deepak destocking its own FG in order to ensure that it is able to best 
take advantage of the lower-priced raw materials heading into Q2. 
And so, both of these, have been playing on the numbers that you see in Q1, which are both 
limited to that quarter and will not come into Q2. What this means with regards to global demand 
and supply is that, look, the global production of Phenol is higher than it was at the same time 
last year. 
 
And soon enough, we will also start seeing a significant increase in the consumption of phenol 
as the downstream capacities come online. So, in the interim period, we may have a situation, 
where the supply of Phenol is more than the consumption of Phenol, and this will moderate over 
some quarters. So, I would just urge all of our stakeholders to be patient with us, this is a normal 
situation. 
And there's nothing here that is particularly pertaining to the kind of strategy that phenol has to 
undergo. Nonetheless, as we have also mentioned Deepak is investing in its own downstream 
capacity, which will be consuming both phenol and acetone at market prices. So, any benefit 
that we see there is only accretive on the base numbers that we are seeing today. And even the 
EBITDA percentage will be slightly better than whatever we are seeing when it comes to the 
prices for phenol and acetone. 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. And just one related question to that. You've mentioned that, you have seen the cycles 
earlier as well. One question is, how long do you expect this cycle to last? I mean, is it a one 
quarter- or two-quarter phenomenon? Or do you think, it could go on for slightly longer than 
that? 
And the reason I ask is there is a view that, a few market participants have, which is that 
structurally, China's growth is now at least the capital investments are going to be much lower 
than it has been in the past. So, recovery in China, even if it happens, would be consumption led 
and not investment-driven. So, with that sort of a context, how long do you expect the cycle of 
extra supply and lower demand to sustain? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
I'm going to answer your question on a consolidated basis, not just Deepak Phenolics or Nitrite. 
But on a consolidated basis, we do believe that the amount of destocking that took place in the 
first half of the year has softened, and we expect going into Q2 and then Q3 onwards, the 
destocking will still be there, but with a materially lower impact compared to the first half. Now 
whether this means that, we are back what do we consider as a normal is a question. But all I 
can say is that Q2 and Q3 looks to be sequentially better than the first half. 
 
Primarily under pressure simply because of the destocking. That part will be slowly addressed. 
Now what happens with regards to macro interest rates and recession, taxation and all that, those 
are in the hands of things like the federal reserve or the bank or wherever else you look at it. So 
those are not in anybody's visibility. But we are seeing some level of cost correction there as 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
well. Where the tightening of interest rates does not expect to be something that continues for 
quarters at an end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the presentation. Just one clarification and one question from my 
side. So, I just wanted to clarify, when you were talking about the end segment demand with 
respect to the trends that you are seeing like plywood, construction, autos, etc., you're talking 
about it from a sequential perspective, right, Q2 over Q1, right? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yes, it is sequential. I agree there. However, I would also like to mention that a couple of them 
are seeing, for example, plywood is seeing improvement even compared to the third quarter of 
last year. Right? So, one where we are seeing an improvement, certainly, I mentioned 
sequentially, but it is also longer than sequentially. For the rest of them, you are correct. 
Dyes over the last one year have been down. Even last year, it was down. We waited for a long 
time for festival season to come, and it didn't clearly come. Nonetheless, we sold some of the 
highest volumes that we have sold, and we will exceed that number this year. Primarily, this is 
because of taking market share away from other players. But if I'm talking about the demand in 
the end industry, we are yet to see dyes and colours get into a celebratory mode. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much for the classification. And the question that I had was, you 
mentioned in your presentation that you've been acquiring customers, and you have also talked 
about the commencement of exports to China. Just wondering, would it be possible to give any 
indicative sense of the margin profile from some of these new customers? Is it comparable to 
your existing customer base? Or is it better? Or can you just give some colour along those lines, 
that would be really helpful? Thank you very much. 
Maulik Mehta: 
I can't give you a lot of details there, but I can say that it is actually a little bit better. So, when 
we are selling to China, we are discovering that the margins are better. Now whether they remain 
better or not, I don't know. We will see how it goes. But right now, this is more exploratory. And 
it's too early to tell, but the margins are at least as good, if not better compared to our normal 
sales. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just a few clarifications. So, first is 
on phenol plant. You mentioned that the consistent utilization rate will be 150% of the rated 
capacities of 2018.  
Maulik Mehta: 
Existing consistent capability rate, we will manufacture, and we will sell whatever we believe is 
the right number. But our ability to produce consistently will be, as you mentioned, compared 
to the installed capacity, a significant improvement. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes, sir. Fair enough. I'm talking about production only. So, definitely selling will be dependent 
on the market conditions. So, does it include the 10% kind of expansion in Brownfield, which 
you are likely to go through, our debt is on over and above this? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No. This is included 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Rohan, I just responded to earlier question, when we talk of debottlenecking 10% and this is 
from the last level. But we always close that, what we achieved last. So, the capacity is going up 
beyond 3, you can assume, and that's what Maulik was mentioning that consistently achieving 
150%, that will be done, once the debottlenecking is overlaid, which is likely to be over in next 
couple over this month. So, after that, it can go beyond that also, but consistent 150%. 
Maulik Mehta: 
 
That will be our new floor. Further, we can make more. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
10% and this, we cannot talk about it now. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Right. So, this 150% will be available from Q3 onwards, right? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yes, from the current year, in winter, we may be able to produce more because we must do less 
Chilling. We don't include that in any guidance. 
Rohan Gupta: 
No, sir, that is fine because those are the technical things, that compensate in annual number. 
Sir, second question is on your new project of INR 5,000 crore investment commissioning. Sir, 
if you can give some more light on that. In terms of, your still in talk to the Government and the 
project has to kick off. 
But will it include phenol as its own, all these are there in your existing line of products on the 
specialty chemicals also, you have mentioned that some of the new products and will be included 
there. So, can you give some more sense that, it is completely in the existing line of the business 
of the Company, or you are trying to add some more diversified revenue stream from the INR 
5,000 crore, MOU project signing? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, so you've answered that question yourself. While there will be some participation of phenol 
and acetone, most of the other products, including, for example, as you mentioned bisphenol, 
including the specialty chemicals that we will be putting up our products which are having a 
very tight level of synergy with our existing platforms, but these are new products.  
Bisphenol also for us is a new product. When we get into manufacturing of polycarbonates, it 
will also be a new product. But as you can imagine, all those deals will benefit from these are 
upstream and downstream. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes. So, these are all the products which you have already talked about. I was just asking that 
are we expecting any completely new chemistries or new revenue stream to be included there? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yes, yes. Because see, when I say specialty chemicals, it gives me so much bandwidth to be 
absolutely vague pretty much all of the capex that is here is of products which are not currently 
manufactured by Deepak, which will be manufactured by Deepak, and which will have a very 
tight level of integration with our core competencies as well as the new ones that we are adding.  

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
For example, we're just stepping into photo chlorination and fluorination. So, these now become 
part of our technical toolbox and when we invest into this larger capex, they will become part of 
what we call our core competency. So, something which we are not used to is it is an opportunity. 
Once we invest in something and we start doing it commercially, but it is only for a couple of 
products, we call it part of our technical toolbox. 
And once it is something that we are comfortable using from multiple products and in multiple 
states, when we call it part of our core competency, diazotization, nitration, hydrogenation, these 
are part of our core competency. sulphonation, fluorination, chlorination, these are part of our 
technical toolbox. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, just last question for the clarification only, you mentioned that our  plant is likely to witness 
a Y-o-Y as well as a sequential improvement. I understand probably sequential because of your 
plant shutdown this current quarter and extremely low spreads, which we are seeing, but in 
standalone business, also you mentioned that still Y-o-Y kind of flattish kind of number.  
That business, as we have been consciously investing and last year, it has gone through a 
complete low cycle, our standalone business and the products there. Still, it is not seeing any 
significant improvement there on Y-o-Y basis we should be seeing some surge and uptick in that 
business. 
Maulik Mehta: 
See, on the standalone business there is a good amount of it which goes into the dyes and colours 
segment, right? So, while this and so the two industries, which DNL on a standalone supplies 
to, one is in the dyes and the other is in to paper and textile. These continue to be 
underperforming the rest of the applications like agro, Pharma, rubber, those things, which are 
reasonably good, and our contractual agreements are well maintained.  
What we have is two end segments, which are slow, and I'm giving you a cautious guidance 
because if you speak to a lot of other companies who are in this space exclusively, they will give 
you buoyant optimistic visibility with regards to dyes. We are just telling you what we have been 
told, if this picks up well and good maybe it picks up in the tail end of Q2, maybe it picks up in 
Q3.  
I have also mentioned that there is a sequential improvement that we are seeing. So, being 
halfway into Q2, what I can tell you is that these are segments which have not seen as much of 
a bounce back as we had hoped. And hence, we have given a guidance of flat compared to last 
year and better certainly much better compared to Q-o-Q. 
Rohan Gupta: 
And sir in our agrochemical business under fine and specialty, we were planning to launch a 
couple of AI technicals and also intermediates. As you mentioned that in agro chemical industry 
is going through a tough time, are there any delays in those product commissioning or they are 
all intact as for now? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, no. There is no delay. In fact, as Mr. Upadhyay mentioned last year, at the end of last year, 
we commissioned and then within a couple of months. So, for example, if we plan to commission 
a plant to make 100 tons, we commissioned to 100 tons, and then we debottlenecked it very 
quickly to 150 tons. So, when we debottleneck to 150, we are today selling about 100.  

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
So, it is as per what we had invested in, but not as per the debottleneck capacity, we expect this 
to come back anyway. But here and now because there is destocking going on through the entire 
value chain, including at the farmers end, we are cautious about this based on the indications our 
customers have given.  
What I can tell you is that not only does the wallet share remain intact, but the long-term visibility 
for the growth of these applications also remains intact. So, I would caution to say that 
agrochemicals’ is not doing well. In fact, on a longer-term basis it is, but on a shorter-term basis, 
there are headwinds, which I believe will culminate over the next quarter or two and then we 
should have something of a normalized situation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I think you answered a couple of my questions in the previous 
answer, but just a couple of clarifications on that. So, it is regarding the INR 5,000 crore 
investment. So, just wanted to understand because in order to put up, let's say, or in order to kind 
of reduce the imports of bisphenol of India, you would have to also expand to some extent phenol 
as its own capacity. Is that understanding, correct? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yeah. Part of it is from expansion and part of it is from Greenfield, correct. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Understood. I mean, have you kind of finalized how much of this INR 5,000 crore number would 
be towards the bisphenol production and how much would be for, let's say, phenol expansion 
and how much for specialty chemicals? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, we have an indication internally. Certainly, it is not right for discussing externally. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
If you see the press release, we will say Rs. 3,500 crore towards phenol and bisphenol and Rs. 
1,500 crore towards fine and specialty chemicals. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Noted. That is helpful., are you okay to kind of, let's say, go into the detail of specialty or should 
I not ask at this moment? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, no, not at this moment because all of these are at a very advanced stage when it comes to 
engineering and planning. So, while we are still discussing with customers for signing up of 
these multiyear legally binding contracts, I would not like to go into more details. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Agarwal from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. My question was on the capex, which we'll be doing under a Deepak Chem Tech is 
exclusive Rs. 2,000 crore announced for Deepak Nitrite and Phenolics? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Yes, whatever is ongoing is ongoing. This would be in addition to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaishnavi Deshmukh from Yashwi Securities 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Vaishnavi Deshmukh: 
So, we can see the outlook on the demand side for Deepak Phenolics, I just wanted to have a 
light on the margin side. So, are we going to plan on doing on the actions that we're going to 
take to improve the margins of Deepak Phenolics as compared to the first quarter or these are 
gone be  because you already said that the guidance for the margins are going to remain same as 
you have already said that before. So, what are we going to do to improve the margins here to 
Deepak Phenolics? 
Maulik Mehta: 
I would not like to specifically answer any questions about A product or B product but let me 
give you a clarity. We maintain a particular guidance that we have in Deepak Phenolics in the 
next couple of quarters, in Q2- Q3, we should see a range-bound EBITDA of about 12% to 15% 
as compared to whatever it was in Q1.  
And in DNL, we should see it range bound between 20% and 22%. On a consolidated basis, 
hence, we should see something between 15% to 18%. This is, of course, different from what 
you saw in Q1 and hence, I'm confident that in the rest of the year, we will be able to perform 
definitely better on consequential as well as on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Agarwal from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Hitesh Agarwal: 
Yes, sir, the capex plan, which we have signed, the INR 5,000 crore MoU, could you give us 
some guidance on what is the asset turns and how we are likely to fund the capex? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No. I think we have enough tools in our toolbox to be able to do it via a judicious mix of internal 
accruals and debt. Right now, we are at nil as well as raising funds if required through other 
routes.  
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
In case required.  
Maulik Mehta: 
So, we are comfortable, and we have lots of options. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you very much for joining us on this call. In case you need further clarification, you can 
talk to Mr. Somsekhar Nanda or our Investor Relations team. Thank you once again. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
