 
 
 
57, Railway Parallel Road, Kumara Park West, Bengaluru 560 020 
Tel.: 91 80 23560695 - 97, 23561976 - 81 Fax: 91 80 23341843 
Registered Office: Pollibetta, 571 215, South Kodagu, Karnataka, India 
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) - L01131KA1943PLC000833  
Website: www.tatacoffee.com 
External-Generic 
 
July 24, 2023 
 
1. 
The Dy. General Manager 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code No:  532301 
 
2. The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
Scrip symbol: TATACOFFEE 
Dear Sir(s), 
Sub: Transcript of the Analyst call for the financial results for the Quarter ended                        
June 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Analyst call held on July 20, 2023, 
in respect of the Financial Results for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023 for your information 
and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tatacoffee.com. 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
   
 
    
For Tata Coffee Limited 
 
 
 
Anantha Murthy N 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Anantha 
Murthy N
Digitally signed by 
Anantha Murthy N 
Date: 2023.07.24 
15:08:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 7 
 
Public
 
“TATA Coffee Limited 
 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHACKO THOMAS – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA COFFEE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANANTHA MURTHY – HEAD – LEGAL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY – TATA COFFEE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VARUN SINGH – ICICI SECURITIES 
 

 
 
TATA Coffee Limited 
 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tata Coffee Limited Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Varun Singh: from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Singh. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes. Thank you very much, Neerav. So, on behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank the 
management of Tata Coffee for providing us this opportunity to hold this call. From management 
side, we have Mr. Chacko Thomas, MD and CEO of the company. We can kick start the call 
with discussion on the first quarter results followed by Q&A session. So over to you, sir. 
Chacko Thomas: 
Thank you very much. Good morning. This is Chacko Thomas here, and welcome to the call. 
Before I get into the quarterly operational performance, I just wanted to share some of the market 
conditions that we experienced and also had an impact on the business performance for the 
quarter. 
So firstly, I think the good news is that some of the markets that were closed for a considerable 
period of time for various reasons like Africa, the MENA region, etcetera, we see some renewed 
demand that is actually picking up there. But again, just on spray dried coffee, there seems to be 
challenges that we see world over. It's not restricted to one particular region. And this I think is 
a temporary phase and we will see some gradual improvements as we go forward. 
As far as green coffee is concerned, again, there is some moderation in terms of demand. This 
has largely been on account of the Robusta prices that has actually shot up considerably. 
However, on the flip side, Arabica prices have moved down substantially over the last quarter. 
I think Brazil harvest that is underway, this would be an item to actually watch out going 
forward. 
Moving on to Vietnam operations. Very happy to report that we have a very solid quarter, both 
on the back of an excellent performance of the plant, the plant is working at peak capacity and 
a lot of interest that we see on the value-added premium products in this factory. We have a very 
strong order book for the entire season from our Vietnam plant. Some of the other saving features 
of the quarter, I think it is pertinent report that the plantation, especially the coffee plantation 
area, the rainfall has been deficient, and it's actually only picked up in late July. On the other 
hand, tea operations in the quarter have had a much better start corresponding to the previous 
quarter -- previous year same quarter. And consequently, better crops and better price 
realizations. 
On the financial performance, the total income for the quarter has increased by close to 7.5% 
compared to the previous year first quarter standalone revenue from operations has been up 10% 
compared to the same quarter, that is INR255 crores versus INR232 crores of the previous 
quarter or the previous year -- corresponding quarter of the previous year. And these have largely 

 
 
TATA Coffee Limited 
 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 7 
 
Public
been on account of the higher revenues that we have had from our coffee plantations, the higher 
prices that we realized on our instant coffee operations. And of course, as I mentioned earlier, 
better performance from the tea operations. 
So, on a quarterly basis, the PAT has been at INR27 crores, marginally lower than the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year but on the whole, very satisfying performance. On 
the consolidated results for financial year '23, '24, the quarter we had an income of almost 
INR708 crores, which is 6.25% ahead of the previous year, which is about INR666 crores. This 
is again largely on account of the coffee prices that we realize in the plantations and the instant 
coffee plants across India and Vietnam. And I think the profit after tax for the first quarter is at 
INR62 crores. This is marginally lower than the previous year and due to the subdued 
performance of Eight O’Clock. 
Just to spend a couple of a few seconds on Eight O'Clock. Just to spend a couple of -- a few 
seconds on Eight O'Clock. There has been an impact on the results. This is largely on account 
of some drop in volume of sales that we have seen and the higher green bean input costs. Despite 
the several market -- several price hikes that we took during the course of the year, very happy 
to report that we have not lost any market share whatsoever during this quarter. 
We are now confident that, as I mentioned earlier, average coffee prices have come down. We 
have now moved into stocks that are much better priced. And I think we see great opportunities 
in the following quarter to improve performance at Eight O'Clock. So yes, so that's in a nutshell, 
the performance that we have had for the quarter. I now open up the floor for any questions that 
there may be to us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Pranshu Jain from Neo Group. Please 
go ahead.  
Pranshu Jain: 
Sir, congratulations on some of -- some spectacular results. Sir, when do you get the merger of 
Tata Coffee and Tata Consumer to get completed? 
Chacko Thomas: 
Thanks, Pranshu. So, I have my Company Secretary, Mr. Anantha Murthy, here. He is there to 
take your question. 
Anantha Murthy: 
Yes. Good morning. I am Anantha Murthy here. So just updating on the current process of the 
merger. Currently, it's in advanced stage before the NCLT Kolkata and Bangalore, and we expect 
to have this order received during this quarter, the final order. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amol Rao: from Kitara Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Amol Rao: 
Sir, a couple of questions on the broad market. Sir mentioned that there remains certain 
challenges on the spray dried side. Could you elaborate a little bit on that, sir, because what 
would the challenges be? And are they specific to certain markets? 
Chacko Thomas: 
Yes. So, thanks, Amol. So, the answer to that is, primarily, we do see that the Southeast Asian 
market, which is a large consumer of spray. And also, some parts of Africa, which is something 

 
 
TATA Coffee Limited 
 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Public
-- some very specific countries in Africa, I wouldn't like to go into specifics on which country, 
but these are large buyers of spray. And they do see at the moment, demand as well as consumer 
demand falling off. 
But having said that, we have seen this happen in the past. And pure coffee, which is what we 
are talking about here, not the Afcasole type of coffee. We do see demand picking up as we 
move forward because as I mentioned, Africa is just about to open. So, to put things in 
perspective, it's a couple of geographies, which are largely dependent on spray or rather consume 
spray, who -- and that too the pure coffee type of spray, which is where we signed the spray 
market in a bit of a turmoil at the moment. 
Amol Rao: 
So just an extension of that. Sir, is it correct to assume that this is not actually a structural change? 
It's basically some economical, political, financial, kind of... 
Chacko Thomas: 
Absolutely. You are absolutely right because as things stand, Instant Coffee consumption as per 
what we see continues to be on a secular part of growth. Despite the fact that there are several 
challenges that you see in Europe, where you see recessionary trends, etcetera, but yet having 
said that, Instant Coffee as a whole portfolio, continues to grow. And it is largely around some 
of these political issues that you see in certain parts of Africa and certain parts of the Western 
hemisphere. I think that's where we do see some challenges. 
Amol Rao: 
Got it, sir. And sir, this is with regards to Eight O'Clock Coffee. So, we had the curing part of 
that business, which is very promising and doing pretty decently as per my understanding. So 
how -- I mean, could you share some light without going into too much -- I don't want to see the 
numbers, but could you share some light on how that is doing, sir? How is the teapot business 
doing, the machine business doing? Can it be ramped up? Is it doing well? I mean, something of 
that nature, sir? 
Chacko Thomas: 
Yes, sure. So let me answer this question by, I think, going back to the fact that on an overall 
basis, yes, Eight O'Clock has had a tough quarter, but what is very heartening is that we haven't 
lost any market share. And obviously, this points out to the fact, again, on the economic additions 
that prevail in that part of the world, where Eight O'Clock is extremely strong. We have added 
customers, only problem is that the demand has been -- demand has been muted on account of 
the economic conditions there. 
So, I would say that the business, the fundamentals are absolutely in perfect condition. It's just 
once things improve as far as consumption and as far as we think it's consolidated, maybe also, 
as I mentioned, we have coffees, the input cost at the moment also are -- the consumption that 
is actually happening is also of coffees that are -- that were bought at very high prices at that 
point in time. We have a longest gestation period. And we now move into coffees that are 
considerate to the prices that we see coming in. So, I think the business is in a good place, 
especially the fact that we're not losing any market share. 
Amol Rao: 
Got it. So -- and sorry, I'd like to ask one more question. Just putting together your response to 
the last 2 questions. So, the sense that I'm getting is that the economic conditions globally are 
taking a slight bit of toll on, let's say, the consumption pattern and -- or let's say, the offtake, the 

 
 
TATA Coffee Limited 
 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 7 
 
Public
pattern and the offtake. So is it right to assume that in certain markets, there may be down trading 
or let's say, people are going a couple of runs lower on the quality of coffee consumption. So, is 
that something that you are observing? Or do you think it's just something like a 2, 3 or maybe 
4, 5 quarter cycle, which again reverts back to the mean after 4 or 5 quarters? 
Chacko Thomas: 
So even when we talk about down trading, it is pretty much a phenomenon that actually happens 
for a couple of quarters. That's for it, right? So, I would leave it at that. I would say that I think 
at the moment, yes, there is -- and we're all aware there has been an inflationary pressure 
wherever in the western world we see. But I think eventually, this is a matter of a couple of 
quarters where things can pick us back again. And it's about people, again, going back to doing 
a coffee, people going back to traceability of coffee, etcetera, so I think that it will not go away. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Senthil Manikandan from ithought PMS. Please 
go ahead.  
Senthil Manikandan: 
First question is with respect to the spray dried coffee. So, you mentioned about the demand 
side, so how do you see on the supply side for the next 2, 3 years? Any new capacities coming 
up and taking like that? 
Chacko Thomas: 
Yes. So, I think supply side, yes, there have been definitely new capacities that are coming up 
on stream in the last couple of quarters or even before that and all -- it has been the case in all 
these years. While supply comes in, the fact that supply comes in, in bunches of either 5,000 or 
10,000 tons and not 1,000, 2,000, 3,000 tons. And that's the fact that once it increases secularly 
at 1% or 2% going forward, there is always a lag of being able to stand the supply and demand 
lag, which will continue to be there. 
Maybe at this point in time, I won't rate too much into it because, as I mentioned in my previous 
response, it is around certain types of coffees, which is pure coffee and particular type of 
markets, which are under threat or rather the consumption being lesser and that in my opinion is 
something that right itself going forward. I don't think there is any supply mismatch or a huge 
issue between consumption and supply at the moment. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Now the second question is with respect to Vietnam. So, you mentioned that order book is strong, 
and you see capacity. So, any plans for holding the capacity of that? 
Chacko Thomas: 
Yes. So, all options are on the table, right? And this is something that we are serious with. So, 
I'll leave it at that. As I said, all options are on the table, and we will look at whatever it takes to 
ensure that we continue to grow sustainably. So, all options are on the table. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Just last question. On the European Union's new norms with respect to the deforestation, sir. So, 
what's your view on that? 
Chacko Thomas: 
Yes. So I think you are talking about the EUDR and -- which is something that I'm very glad 
that is happening because the reason being that Tata Coffee, both in terms of sustainability, in 
terms of traceability and in terms of practices that we have in our estate have been miles and 
miles ahead of any other producer worldwide. The fact I say this with confidence because we 
not only imbibe with principles of the Tata Group, which very clearly and categorically ensures 

 
 
TATA Coffee Limited 
 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Public
that environment, wildlife and the community are at forefront of everything and anything that 
we do. So that is one. 
The second part is we've been -- already for the last many years, supplying our coffees to our 
consumers and our valued clients with complete traceability, and fortunately for us and for 
Indian coffee because coffee is grown under shade in India and the fact that most of the coffees 
are grown in -- pretty much in states which have got extremely stringent loss around 
deforestation, selling of trees, etcetera. The Forest Department and the government are very, 
very highly involved in this issue. We do not see any, any problem at all whatsoever. So, we are 
very glad that the UDR regulations are actually -- been announced, and we're looking forward 
to supplying coffee, which are totally traceable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. Please go ahead.  
Mihir Shah: 
So, I have a question on Eight O'Clock coffee. You mentioned that volumes were getting 
impacted due to the sharp price increases that were taken earlier. But now as you start consuming 
lower-priced coffee, would this mean that further price hikes are no longer required? And maybe 
if you can also share your thoughts around potential price cuts maybe in a few quarters. Will 
that be something that you can think about to support volumes? 
Chacko Thomas: 
It will be very difficult to make a statement at this point whether we are going to take price cuts 
or we are not going to continue with the same -- the way we have gone ahead and taking price 
increases in the past. All I can say is that despite the price increases that we have taken, we have 
continued to maintain the market share, right? I think any decision on price cuts or price 
increases largely will be governed on how, obviously, the input costs are. And of course, 
marketing and sales requirements and exigencies that we come across. So, I won't be in a position 
to give you any kind of forward-looking statement of what we would do, but yes, I think I'll 
leave it at the fact that we have managed whatever price hikes that have taken place. 
Mihir Shah: 
Historically, if you can share some thoughts on how the mass market has usually behaved when 
coffee prices have really come off and competitively, you had to kind of match to ensure you 
maintain your market share, like we believe that given that consumption is hit because of sharper 
price increases, the private labels would have kind of gained some share from other players, 
maybe you would have gained from somewhere else, but it seems that some downtrading would 
have happened and some private labels would have gained share. So, if they also take or initiate 
price cuts, you would -- one have to kind of follow suit as well. Historically, any sense that you 
can share how things have moved in the past? 
Chacko Thomas: 
I don't want to get into specifics. But yes, we have in the past, definitely taken price hikes, and 
they have been following or even in certain cases, preceding some of the competition. Again, I 
mean, let just leave it on the table. The drop in volumes have been dictated largely on account 
of the economic conditions is our reading. And again, putting on the table that not losing market 
share despite the price hikes that we have taken always been for the brand and for the fact that 
Eight O'Clock is a strong brand in the areas that we play in. So, I would not want to get into 
specifics around that we follow someone or in the past have we done and how did we do it. I 
would just leave it at that, if that's okay with you, Mihir. 

 
 
TATA Coffee Limited 
 
 
July 20, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 7 
 
Public
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, last question, I just want to check on your other initiatives of Avocado and other plantation 
and potential from those timelines and if you can share some of those timelines as well. 
Chacko Thomas: 
Absolutely. And I think the plantations in Coorg, we have -- the plan on Avocado has continued 
to gather momentum. We are fairly -- we are almost at the fag end of the one of the largest 
Avocado plantations that you would see in this part of the world. And we -- the production 
obviously has a gestation period. The gestation period is between 4 and 5 years. And our first 
set of harvests have already started this year, and it's a very small harvest that we have gotten 
out from there. The quality, the grades, etcetera, have been extremely good. 
Now starting this harvest season, we would be going into slightly larger volumes, which would 
again give a good sense of how this initiative would shape the sustainability of the plantation 
business, where we need to -- the basic fact that we've always spoken about as to ensure that 
there is -- there are adequate number of alternate crops available with us, and we are utilizing 
every bit of land that we have because that's the biggest asset that we have. We do see that 
plantations -- coffee plantations have been profitable and extremely profitable at least in the last 
couple of years. And with the addition of avocado and several other initiatives that we have put 
in place on diversification, this will help us go forward. So avocado is really moving in the right 
direction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Varun Singh: 
So just wanted to understand, I mean, if you can throw some light on our capex plan going 
forward. 
Chacko Thomas: 
So, I mean, I think at the moment, we are pretty much it's -- you wanted in number, or you 
wanted in whatever project because there are several projects that we are up to. So... 
Varun Singh: 
The numbers would be good and maybe some detailing on that also. 
Chacko Thomas: 
So, numbers, I would just leave it at what we were doing in the previous year. These largely 
kind of restricting it to that -- those levels and considering that we are having this transition 
between -- from Tata Coffee into Tata Consumer. I think the decision on some of the bigger 
projects will be taken appropriately because it's only fair that we do it when that happens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Chacko Thomas: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call. We greatly appreciate and hope to see you some 
time soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
