 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001  
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543528 
ISIN No: INE0JA001018  
Symbol: VENUSPIPES 
 
Subject: Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on August 04, 2023, post announcement of financial results of the 
Company for the quarter ended as on June 30, 2023. The audio recording of the 
Earnings call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the Company's website 
https://www.venuspipes.com.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For VENUS PIPES & TUBES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 _____________________ 
CS Pavan Kumar Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A66752 
 
 
 
 
PAVAN 
KUMAR JAIN
Digitally signed by 
PAVAN KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2023.08.10 
11:16:37 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited Q1 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN KOTHARI – THE MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CFO 
MR. DHRUV PATEL – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. KUNAL BUBNA – PRESIDENT (FINANCE & 
ACCOUNTS) 
MR. STEFAN MÜLLER – MARKETING 
REPRESENTATIVE (EUROPE) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PALLAV AGARWAL – ANTIQUE BROKING 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Venus 
Pipes & Tubes Limited hosted by Antique Broking. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pallav Agarwal from Antique Broking. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Thank you Neerav. Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to everyone for the Q1 
FY24 earnings call for Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited. Today we have with us Mr. Arun Kothari 
– the Managing Director and the CFO, Mr. Dhruv Patel – the Whole Time Director and Mr. 
Kunal Bubna – the President (Finance & Accounts) and we also have Mr. Stefan Muller, who is 
the marketing representative for Venus Pipes & Tubes for the European markets. 
We will have the opening remarks from Mr. Arun Kothari, followed by Mr. Stefan, who will be 
brief us on the on-ground situation and operations of Venus Pipes in the European markets. 
Following which Mr. Kunal Bubna will discuss the operational and financial performance for 
Q1 FY24. Please note that Mr. Stefan will be on the call only to give his opening commentary. 
And rest of the Q&A session will be addressed by Mr. Arun. 
Thank you and over to you Arun sir for your opening comments. 
Arun Kothari: 
Good afternoon everyone. To begin with we have uploaded our Q1 FY24, “Investor 
Presentation” on stock exchanges and Company’s website and I hope you had an opportunity to 
go through the same. 
I will give a brief update on the quarter gone by, post that will talk about our strategy for FY24 
and beyond. If I look back FY23 was a special year for us, we came up with an IPO and raised 
fund for expanding our facilities. Since then there has been no looking back we had a robust 
financial performance in FY23 and achieved highest ever Revenues, EBITDA and PAT aided 
by favorable government policy and macro environment in the country. We enter in Q1 FY24 
with great enthusiasm and commence commercial production for our plant capacity expansion 
of seamless pipe and welded pipe. Alongside we have also commenced commercial operation 
for backward integration of the seamless pipe, production of Mother Hollow Pipe. We now are 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
up and running with full capacity of the 33,600 MTA and with the CAPEX India booming and 
improving geopolitical environment, we are optimistic of demand scenario going forward.  
Talking about the Indian economy: 
India continues to remain in a bright spot on the globe reports by various agencies, expect the 
worst GDP growth to be around 3.5% while India is expected to grow by 6.5% largely lead by 
government focus on manufacture sector with initiatives such as PLI and Make in India. We 
believe that these initiatives will act as a catalyst to the upstream CAPEX cycle and 
manufacturing capabilities. In capacity creation will happen across industries. The result of this 
forecast is largely visible with India's PMI being above 55. Speaking on the stainless-steel 
industry. Overall, the stainless-steel pipes and tube industry is experiencing a structural shift 
from unorganized to organized player on the back of addition of anti-dumping duties by the 
government in seamless pipe compulsion of the BIS certification in a stainless-steel pipe industry 
more focused on customer quality and reliability of the product by consumers.  
Coming to Venus: 
I would like to give a few important updates. As we are seeing high capacity creation across 
industry, we are optimistic of the demand scenario going forward and hence we will be adding 
further capacity of 4800 MTA of the seamless pipe in next six month. We recently commissioned 
our LSAW plant for manufacturing welded pipe. This LSAW plant was initially proposed to 
manufacture pipe up to 48 inches Dia. However, we have enhance our capability and now this 
can be manufactured by up to Dia 56 inches. This will increase our SKU offering. A few 
modifications have been done in the installation of the  Piercing line for manufacturing of Mother 
Hollow Pipe which will lead to higher operational efficiency of the mill and will ultimately lead 
to an increase in production efficiency. This will ensure the majority of our requirement of 
Mother Hollow Pipe for in-house manufacturing of the seamless pipe will be catered through 
these  capacities. The total capital outlay for this external should be in the range of 40 to 45 crore 
and will be funded from internal accruals. 
Speaking on the Q1 FY24 performance, our revenue from seamless has increased almost 150% 
on year-on-year basis on account of higher demand by customer for seamless pipe across 
industry. We were able to generate higher revenue from this segment due to our high quality 
reliability and in-house manufacturing capability and trust for Venus brand in the market. 
Revenue for welded pipe stood flat primarily on the back of the reduction in the raw material 
prices, which is passed through in our industry. Having said that, our volume growth was healthy 
for our welded pipe as well. Our own blended level if you see the volume growth has been in 
the range of 70% on a year-on-year basis and 25% on quarter-to-quarter basis.  
Speaking on the “Financial Performance”: 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
We are happy to report that we have been able to achieve our highest ever revenue and 
profitability for Q1 FY24. Our revenue for Q1 has been increased by 58.1% for quarter one 
FY24 on year-on-year basis. While our EBITDA show an increase of 91.7% on year-on-year 
basis. I would like to highlight that our EBITDA margins show a significant improvement 
largely attributed to higher sales from seamless pipes, which is a high margin product and also 
because of our backward integration of the Mother Hollow Pipe. With our consistent supply of 
the high quality products on timely basis, we have been able to increase our share of sale to 
direct domestic customers to 68% in Q1 FY24 as compared to 55% in Q1 FY23. This is 
testimony of our product quality and trust in the brand Venus by our customers. Export sales for 
Q1 FY24 was down primarily on account of use of imported raw materials for manufacturing of 
seamless pipe. However, we have commenced our manufacturing of the  Piercing line as a 
strategy of backward integration to manufacture the Mother Hollow Pipe. With this backward 
integration, we believe that export revenue should see a huge up stream going forward. We also 
continue to participate in multiple fairs and exhibition across the globe to display our wide range 
of products and our manufacturing capability for increasing our brand products in the export 
market. We have been receiving positive responses in enquiring, giving us confidence to 
improve our penetration and achieve targeted export. Stefan on the call will give you more 
updates on our export market, especially in the European market and our strategy around it. 
Overall, we are well positioned to capture new market for the strong partnership and continue to 
raise the bar in terms of product experience and customer satisfaction. I now hand over the call 
for Mr. Stefan Müller, who has been associated with Venus Pipe for more than a year and a half 
now. He is the marketing representative for Venus in the European market. Stefan has experience 
over a decade in this industry with a strong network in customer relationship across the European 
market. Over to you Stefan. 
Stefan Müller: 
Thank you Arun and hello to everyone. I will begin by giving some short overview on the current 
economic situation in Europe. And will move on to talk about operations and opportunities for 
Venus Pipe and Tube in the European market. 
As you all remember over the last 24 months Europe has faced numerous challenges that have 
impacted its industries and of course its economy. About the geopolitical tensions, disrupting 
the demand and consumption we have face higher inflation on account, increasing interest rates 
and we have energy prices which have been revised as 3x higher of what it was pre-COVID 
period. To add to this Europe is facing a labor crisis, missing people, cost of labor has increased 
multiple fold in the last two to three years. All this have caused significant challenges for local 
European manufacturers in this market to sustain and expand the capacities. In fact the smaller 
unorganized players which small manufacturing facilities are facing I will say even survival 
challenges. The local manufacturers in Europe have not made any significant investments in 
expanding their technology and capacities over the last years. This opens up a huge opportunity 
for an organized manufacturer like Venus, who has developed its capabilities over time in terms 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
of product portfolio, quality, SKUs, certifications and technology, which is one of the best in the 
industry. 
Talking about Venus, the Company marked its presence in Europe markets for more than five 
years now. During this initial phase, Venus, as a brand improved its market presence by serving 
customers with quality products. The way the industry works is when a new player enters in the 
market, there's a gestation period involved, and customers placed trial order before handing out 
larger ones. Probably  now, this gestation period is largely over and the Company is now 
receiving full-fledged big orders from customers. And the order book and pipeline looks very 
robust. This evidence of Venus’ ability to quickly establish a  strong brand, a strong retail  brand 
thanks to its timely and high-quality product offerings. The Venus success in the European 
market can also be attributed to its collaboration, distributors, retailers with focus on a high value 
products by catering to specialized needs and delivering exceptional customer service, Venus 
has gained a competitive advantage over more competition. Additionally, the Company's 
backward integration of production of Mother Hollow Pipes for seamless pipes have filled the 
increasing acceptance of the Company products.  
The demand if taken at the terms of demand scenario on account on the energy crisis pertaining 
in the European currently, all the existing heat exchangers systems are mostly seeing developed. 
This will benefit Venus as the Company manufactures stainless-steel high precision and heat 
exchanger chips. Demand from offshore oil and gas companies as well Pharmaceuticals will 
grow for the seamless and welded pipes. Going forward, Europe will provide multi fold 
opportunities for prominent stainless-steel pipe manufacturers like Venus, who are known for 
quality and will play an important role. Venus has strategically present itself to capitalize on its 
strength and safe emerging opportunities making a formidable manufacture in the stainless-steel 
pipes and tubes in Europe. 
Now I will hand over to call to Mr. Kunal Bubna – President (Finance and Accounts) to take 
you through the operational and financial highlights of the quarter. Thank you for listening. 
Kunal Bubna:  
Thank you, Mr. Stefan. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to our earning 
conference call. We are happy to report that our Company has yet again reported higher quarterly 
revenue EBITDA and PAT in Q1 FY24. On the revenue front for Q1 FY24 stood at Rs.179.6 
crore as compared to 113.6 crores in Q1 FY23 growth of 58.1% year-on-year basis. 
Revenue bifurcation for the counter were 34% for welded, 62% from seamless and 4% from 
other sales. Sales from seamless pipes increases by 150% in Q1 FY24 the growth in the seamless 
was bagged by robust volume growth. Sales from welded for Q1 FY24 stood at Rs.60.8 crore as 
compared to Rs.60.3 crore in Q1FY23. Sale for welded pipe was  flat majorly on account of dip 
in the RM prices as compared to Q1 FY23. If we further analyze we have witnessed a double 
digit volume growth on a YOY basis.  

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Our direct domestic sale to brand are up 95% year-on-year in Q1 FY24, sharing of revenue from 
direct domestic customer has increased to 68% in Q1 FY24 from 55% in Q1 FY23. As 
mentioned earlier export market has seen temporary reduction in sales due to use of imported 
RM in manufacturing  of Seamless Pipes. However, with the new capacity operational now, we 
believe we have a huge remedy for the growth in export market going ahead. EBITDA, on the 
EBITDA front EBITDA stood at Rs.27.6 crore for Q1 FY24 as against 14.4 crore in Q1 FY23 a 
growth of 92%. EBITDA margin for Q1 FY24 stood at 15.4% as compared to 12.7% in Q1 
FY23 a growth of 270 basis points. PAT for the quarter stood at Rs.17.4 crore as compared to  
Rs.9.1 crores Q1 FY23 and Rs.13.5 crore in Q4 FY23, a growth of 91% year-on-year and 29% 
Q-on-Q. 
. Further, we at Venus strive to increase our market share by addition in the product portfolio, 
expand the client base and serve the existing clients better. 
 With this I would like to open up for Q&A round. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kunal Kothari from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Kothari: 
Sir, my question is related to what will be the current order book and how we see the exports 
turning going forward and what is the reason that from the last couple of quarters we having 
such a dull export sales? 
 Kunal Bubna: 
Yes, basically the order book is around 200 odd crore as on date and further from the perspective 
of export as we said earlier also and the Chinese imported raw material are not accepted by the 
European manufacturer so that has been holding up to export in more quantity. But as you know 
we have started the backward integration of Hollow Pipe that is in-house manufacturing of 
Hollow Pipe by putting a  Piercing technology so, that has started from 24th of May and this 
will really help us to penetrate the export market and out of this 200 crore of order book we have 
around 35 to 40 odd crore from export order book. So,  in the coming quarters to come there 
would be definitely there will be more penetration towards the export side. 
Kunal Kothari: 
Okay, great. And second question is, as we have expanded our capacity with much value added 
product portfolio, so compared to our traditional area of sales, where we see our business 
expanding further like we are entering into new segments, new customer base and new 
geographies. So, can you just throw some light on the strategy going forward, how are we 
expanding our reach and achieve our sales targets? 
Management: 
See basically, if you see the predominant sector what we have been charting earlier was chemical 
and engineering so it will definitely always form a good  pie  of our total contribution, but we 
have been expanding to pharmaceutical, food processing, oil and gas, these are the few other 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
sector along with  fertilizer, food processing and all in ways that will be further added up going 
ahead with this entire SKUs of higher sizes and all being made up going ahead. 
Arun Kothari: 
Further Kunal, we have read recently again there is very good demand is coming from the 
railway sector. So, we had already started supply to a number of companies who are 
manufacturing the wagons. So, there is a very good demand coming from the railway sector also. 
So, this sector also has been added in the last quarter now. 
Kunal Kothari: 
Okay. And lastly sir on LSAW as it's a new product portfolio that we added. So, which sector 
does it will cater to? 
Management: 
Mainly it will go in the, there will be very demand right now in the coming from India as water 
sector or it will go in the oil and gas also. Some part will also go in the chemical sector also, 
some part in fertilizer sector. So in all the sector we are already catering to number of customer. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
So sir I have a couple of questions. So, one was that in your investor update you mentioned that 
you've seen a decline in realization in the  welded segment and that's why revenue is flat. So can 
you just let us know what was the quantum of decline please? 
Kunal Bubna: 
It was in the range of 13% to 15%.  
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And sir with respect to the order that you mentioned, if you could just let us know what's 
the percentage of your stainless or seamless pipes and a thumb rule if you should think that as a 
percentage of the overall CAPEX, what your customer is doing, what would be that quantum in 
terms of say, the seamless office, the welded pipes? 
Management: 
Basically in volume term, 55% to 60% would be welded and balance would be seamless pipe.  
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. So I was talking more from a, say for example if your project size is x, so what will be 
the quantum of the seamless or the stainless pipe as a percentage of the overall project size that 
your customer might be incurring, if there's a calculation that you have done?  
Kunal Bubna: 
No, it's really very tough to give, because it depends how big is the site, how many internal pipe 
is in the premises, there are a n number of factors which plays into it. So giving any fix figure 
of, any percentage would be really tough for us.  
Dhruv Jain: 
Okay. And since we have Stefan also on the call, so just had a question for him as to how has 
been the acceptability of the Indian seamless and stainless pipes and how has that acceptability 
changed over the last two or three years. And in case, because you guys are looking to export, 
in a big way in the future, what’s the sort of regulatory barriers that have been created, any color 
would be appreciated there sir. Thanks. 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Kunal Bubna: 
See, if you see we have been exporting to Europe for more than a five year and it had been 
around 10% of total export volume in FY21. But from FY22 and post that we have been facing 
challenge because of the Chinese raw material. So, the acceptability of Indian made seamless 
pipe and also through the piercing were highly acceptable in Europe. There are no such we have 
found any client coming up with any specific demarcation between piercing or any other 
technology in Europe till date, it's widely accepted and again seeing the prices and other factors 
which give because of that the prices are on a higher side what the European manufacturers sell 
this as compared to Indian goods are price should give also as a competitive advantage to 
penetrate those markets.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss Financial Service. 
Please go ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sir just two question from my end. Firstly just wanted to understand about the new capacity 
additions that you are taking place, if at all you could just give us some light in the seamless 
side, just after increasing your capacity by 3x what is giving you confidence to increase the 
capacity further, where are we right now in terms of expanded capacity and how do we see the 
utilization rates ramping up from previous  year? 
Kunal Bubna: 
See, basically for seamless as you said that all the capacity has all been installed and started on 
the front of seamless we are working on a 62% to 65% utilization level and on the front for 
Hollow Pipe manufacturers around 55% till last quarter, the utilization level and for welded the 
new capacity for welded that is by high dia tube mills and the LSAW which is recently started 
on 21st of July that has been working around 25% to 30%. So the reason for expanding in 
seamless steel we have been seeing good amount of traction post antidumping and all, for 
seamless and many of the users are also shifting though it’s costly one seamless but they are also 
shifting because it can withstand more pressure and competently more quality wise when using 
it in your process. So we found increasing it  and you have seen our seamless turnover had been 
increasing both in the form of value and volume. So, that gives us an utmost confidence to 
increase the capacity around 50% for seamless going ahead. And as we said you earlier also, we 
will also be trying to work on the smaller size of tubes which will also give us a higher, it’s been 
more of a value-added product also and will also give us a higher margin going ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sure sir. And what is the utilization going ahead, how are you seeing that scaling up? 
Kunal Bubna: 
See we are targeting for FY25 around both welded and seamless to be around 70% of this 33600. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nirav Shah from GeeCee Investments. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Nirav Shah: 
Two questions sir. We are expanding our seamless capacity by 50% and through some efficiency 
levels we are also increasing the piercing mill capacity. So, will it continue to match on an 
expanded capacity basis? 
Kunal Bubna: 
We are trying to match but we believe, but it will not 100% match with that. 
Nirav Shah: 
Okay. So till we operate at 85%, 90% it should be okay, we should be sourcing everything 
internally? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Those level we would be able to try achieve going ahead, but it will take a few more months for 
us to do those entire production and come up with those answers.  
Nirav Shah: 
Got it sir. And the second question is, you've just mentioned you are targeting around 75% 
utilization for FY24? 
Kunal Bubna: 
70% yes. 70% on the total 33600. 
Nirav Shah: 
Because that number we have guided earlier at 60% capacity. So we are kind of slightly upping 
our guidance? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Yes. Keeping all if you see in the first quarter volume growth and also, the last quarter. So, we 
believe there are a good amount of upscale in the market from the penetration level order book, 
so we believe we will be able to take it to 70% in FY24. 
Nirav Shah: 
Got it and during the quarter the volume growth was how much sir, blended basis? 
Kunal Bubna: 
25%. 
Nirav Shah: 
25% that was sequential? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Q-on-Q. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Network Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
My first question is that, now once this 400 tonnes a month of new seamless capacity will be 
commissioned, we will have half of the capacity, we will have around 14,000 tonnes roughly 
annually coming from seamless and 24,000 tonnes from welded. That means we will be higher 
on the high margin product in our portfolio. So can we do more better margins from what we 
have guided now? 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Kunal Bubna: 
See, basically this seamless would be coming in the coming six months so it would be more of 
the end of this financial year. So, what we have guided around on a blended basis 30% up in the 
margin. So current year definitely added capacity will come into  last quarter of this year. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
It will come in when sorry? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Six months that will be in  Q4FY24. I had to say it will come in Feb and not much of this add 
this year, so it’s better to take the guidance 30% on a blended basis increase in EBITDA for 
FY24. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
And sir my question was more of on a full utilization basis. If whatever capacity we 
commissioned including the new seamless that you announced yesterday, as a complete portfolio 
we will have higher proportion of seamless, compared to what you had announced before so 
largely guidance remains the same? 
Arun Kothari: 
Yes, for the seamless segment. In overall basis  our utilization will be around 70%, but in 
seamless segment we are expecting that we will be able to utilize almost 85% to 90% installed 
capacity, other new capacity will ramp up mostly in the last quarter of the FY24. So new capacity 
addition we can expect that for the last quarter we will utilize some of the capacity in last quarter 
of the FY24.  
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it sir. And my second question would be, what will be the revenue potential of this complete 
capacities that you've announced and everything, including the 400 million per tonne of 
seamless, what could it be the revenue potential sir? 
Arun Kothari: 
From all this capacity we can see after upside revenue, compared to the FY23 we can see growth 
of almost 2.5x from the compared to FY23.  
Sahil Sanghvi: 
2 to 2.5x? 
Arun Kothari: 
Yes, 2x to 2.5x, depends on  the segment which segment we will cater because there is some 
grade also. So, if you manufacture the higher  grade pipes so then there revenue may increase, 
or almost minimum 2x revenue potential minimum is there, it can be achieved up to 2.5x.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the nine of Vikas Singh from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir just on the immediate term, I just wanted to understand if I look at your number, then this 
quarter seamless has done significantly well while welded has been kind of the package. So, is 
it going forward when your welded capacity just start to ramp up, are we expecting any dilution 
in margins or this kind of the margins we would be able to maintain? 
Kunal Bubna: 
See, basically for seamless it's basically not in percentage basis but this is a margin basically, 
our EBITDA per kg what we see. So, there will be no dilution in the margin individually welded 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
or seamless, it will for both welded and seamless it would be increasing going ahead also and 
proportion wise will definitely seamless also on a higher side in value terms of 60%, 62% but 
again definitely as and when this welded come volume wise if we see it will be 65% to 70% 
welded and 35% around, 35%, 40% for seamless. 
Vikas Singh: 
Understood sir. Sir my second question pertains to LSAW mill, if I compare to some of our 
competitor our LSAW mill size is usually very small and oil and gas usually demands for a 
larger capacity kind of the mill. So, just wanted to understand what was the thought process here 
or we have a plan to get into further larger capacities of LSAW and then HSAW in our future 
course of time? 
Arun Kothari: 
Vikas for oil and gas sector, so in SS pipe segment we had the LSAW facility up to 56 Dia size 
pipe, previously it was plan up to 48 inch Dia size, in almost all the largely what all quantity is 
consumed in the oil and gas sector is mostly up to 56 Dia size of the pipe. We can serve more 
than 80% is the quantity up to  56 inch Dia size of the pipe. So, we will be easily capable to 
supply to oil and gas segment, because we can able to manufacture up to 56Dia, 80% of the total 
requirement of the oil and gas sector whatever they require. 
Vikas Singh: 
So, I was more talking about the tonnage business, our capacity seems to be pretty small vis-à-
vis competitors, so that's what I was catering to? 
Arun Kothari: 
Vikas if you see in the quantity basis, in the SS pipe segment in all the other our competitors is 
also having LSAW of almost this size of level, this is SS pipe segment. The other players who 
is having bigger, more LSAW facility will be in carbon steel and other products. In India almost 
all LSAW plant which is having the segment in the SS pipes industry, they are having capacity 
in tonnage almost equal to us only.  
Vikas Singh: 
This is purely SS pipes? 
Arun Kothari: 
Yes, purely SS. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shivam Vashi from Inga Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Shivam Vashi: 
Sir just want to understand we have a piercing, Venus has a piercing line as manifest for the 
Hollow Pipes, vis-à-vis the extrusion, how is the market shaping up in terms of product 
acceptability, is the customer do demand for extrusion or no, they find piercing types are now 
more acceptable in the market. Can you just throw some more light on it? 
Kunal Bubna: 
See, generally what we are seeing is customer specify is a standard what they specify is not the 
technology basically what they're harping on. So generally what we find 90% to 93% around 
90% is acceptable as a piercing technology. There can be few brand difference or other very 
sectors where the specific demand for extrusion are there, but if you see as I said the majority 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
are very comfortable with this technology basically they specify the standards of manufacturing 
pipes. 
Shivam Vashi: 
The fact that you know, piercing line seems to be when we see with our competition, because of 
piecing we are having a better asset turn is this competition where in the extrusion line have a 
global asset turn. So, if the competition is going towards that as well. So, just want to understand, 
how large is the market size for both peers in an extrusion, you know piercing is now growing 
out laying extrusion in terms of acceptability. So, hence, the Venus will be sticking to its piercing 
line only. 
Arun Kothari: 
Shivam for the extrusion  or piercings, we cannot able to define what all capacity in the market 
required from the  extrusion, or piercing but whatever we have observed since in last five years 
in the market acceptability of the piecing product as well as the external product is almost at the 
same level. There is a very few industry in the Indian which demand particularly if any quotation, 
any inquiry come from the any buyer, they never ask you what all should be from the piercing 
or what all should be from the extrusion. They simply ask for seamless pipe. So, almost in the 
95% of the seamless demand in all over India as well in the global level is the piercing product 
that is acceptable. Some of the 5% we can say whoever demand products from the extrusion, so 
right if any competition will come from the  extrusion segment because in market the quality is 
both the product quality is accepted, piercing product is also accepted in the international market 
as well as domestic market in any type of industry. So, we don't foresee any competition will 
come due to reason of the extrusion of piercing mill, it depends on you get the minor better 
margin because in India or in globe, very few players are selling the  extrusion facility, you can 
get slightly better margin on the external facility. So right now, we are not much able to define 
how much capacity is required in piercing or how much in the extrusion. 
Shivam Vashi: 
Right, sir. So, basically given the kind of flexibility that is coming in the front piercing through 
Hollow. So, we are very much well placed, the acceptance will be fine for us to serve this market 
with a lower, lower CAPEX? 
Arun Kothari: 
Yes, we are very hopeful. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hrishit Jhaveri from Pi Square Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
So you guided that the order book currently standards around 200 crore, so it is executable in 
next one quarter? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Yes, it’s more or less for 90 to 100 days only. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
Okay. And your guidance for 2x to 2.5x revenue that we expect by FY25? 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Kunal Bubna: 
See the endeavor will always be there to achieve it by FY25.  
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
Okay. Sir, with you being concentrated in the chemical industry, currently the industry is facing 
some headwinds with around 40% to 50% utilization, we see that as a risk for Venus as a brand? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Definitely chemical form a good chunk, but again we supply to 10 to 12 other sector also and 
also form a good pile of our total order book and all. And that's why we have been expanding to 
other sectors, extending to other part of the country and we are also trying to penetrate ourselves 
in export markets. So that's why you want to hedge it in a way. So that this sector being affected 
as you said like chemical affected, we are not affected much by that.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh from Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 
Harsh: 
I had couple of questions, one for expanding domestic market as you increased the guidance 
also, so we are seeing our market growing faster or is that we are confident that you would gain 
share from the other set of players or is it a combination of both that the additional capacities 
would get absorbed quicker this year? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Definitely, it will be combination of both, time as I said by targeting other sector also. We are 
also targeting other parts of the country. And we are also targeting a good amount in export 
market. So it's basically a mix of all this combination, which gives us a confidence that we will 
be able to achieve the target number what we have said. 
Harsh: 
Got it perfect. And just one more question apart from Europe, do we have any other big market 
where, we can look to explore and like we have an advantage in Europe, some other country, et 
cetera where we can target in future?  
Arun Kothari: 
Yes, definitely. We have other country also in our target. So we are exploring opportunity, so in 
each country we can focus there's a very good demand come from the United States also. 
Demand comes from Africa also. But right now we are in the export market we are have more 
focus in Europe. In coming quarters, we can see the growth in the African market as well as the 
US market.  
Harsh: 
Perfect. Just one follow up question on this, the landed price would still be competitive in US 
and Africa post shipping and everything right?  
Arun Kothari: 
Yes, definitely.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankit from JHP Securities. Please go ahead.  
Ankit: 
I have one question. So what is the segment wise sales volume for both the segments? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Sales volume? 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Ankit: 
Yes. 
Kunal Bubna: 
Sir, we don’t give quarterly volume. It is been given on annual basis only. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next follow up question is from the line of Sneha Talreja from Edelweiss. Please go 
ahead. 
Sneha Talreja: 
Sir just wanted to understand two bookkeeping questions. Where is the gross debt currently 
standing at and how is the working capital days in Q1? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Working capital days are basically laid aligned with what has been earlier it's around 100- 105 
days net working capital cycle. And our gross debt for working capital is around 80 and  40 odd 
crore long term debt so total debt on the book on gross level is 120 and a net debt of around 105 
and 110 crores. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saumitra Joshi, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Saumitra Joshi: 
So, I'm a newcomer into this industry. I've been analyzing this, there are two questions that I 
have from my side. The first one is, I would like to understand from a margin perspective like 
you've seen a sharp uptick in the margins. Now, if we compare it with our competitors, let's say 
from the southern side, I will just name them you can ignore it, if you want it, let's say a Hari 
Om Pipes and a Venus Pipes. What is it that we are doing differently, or our Company is doing 
differently, that has slowly but steadily the margins are really going up and we are creating that 
differential between the two that is the first question. And the second question is with respect to 
see, China has opened up but clearly the Chinese economy hasn't kicked in. So because of that 
a lot of dumping is happening across the world by Chinese products and that is one reason why 
the chemical sector is facing a lot of headwinds. Now considering manufacturing into the picture, 
the same reason does it hold true for Indian pipe companies also especially in exports where a 
lot of pressure is coming in from China? 
Kunal Bubna: 
Yes. Just to take your first question first, basically Hari Om Pipe is not in the SS grade of pipe, 
welded and seamless manufacturing, it’s in a completely entirely different sector. So, it wouldn’t 
be right to compare us with them. So we won’t be able to comment as compared to Hari Om 
Pipe. And see for reason, our EBITDA had been increasing over a period of year as we said we 
have started with this backward integration, we have been adding a capacity for welded to 48 to 
56 inch which very few in the country does. We have been shifting our revenue proportion from 
trade and stockiest towards, more towards direct sales and going forward also we are moving 
towards export. And then that backward value chain would be there so, that was a reason which 
is predominantly increasing our margin. And from the perspective of China we can see what has 
happened in our industry in the month of December 22 on the seamless pipe and also on the raw 

 
Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
material antidumping  implemented by the government of India for five years. So, that really 
saves the Indian manufacturer from the China dumping being happening here. 
Saumitra Joshi: 
That would be only for India right, when it comes to exports let's say Europe I am not sure if the 
same anti-dumping? 
Kunal Bubna: 
See, Europe is not taking basically Chinese raw material, , it won't be much affected by China 
opening for Europe. 
Saumitra Joshi: 
So, basically that would not be impacting the piping sector across, not only Venus but anyone 
in India will not be able? 
Kunal Bubna: 
So, Europe I am telling basically, Europe side won’t be affected. 
Saumitra Joshi: 
That means the entire piping sector as such is not impacted by China? 
Arun Kothari: 
We can't say all the pipe sector, especially for we are talking about the stainless-steel pipe 
industry, in SS pipe industry, not in the carbon steel or in MF. Piping sector is different in 
different, different sector, we represent SS pipe industry, in India very few player is having SS 
pipe facility in India. 
Saumitra Joshi: 
Okay. And in this particular sector because of the anti-dumping duty, there is no threat of China's  
or in the export pattern? 
Arun Kothari: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will take that as a last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Arun Kothari: 
I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. We will keep updating the investor 
community on a regular basis for incremental updates on your Company. I hope we have been 
able to address all of your queries. For any further information kindly contact SGA our Investor 
Relationship Advisor for your Company. Thank you once again. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
