Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: June 01, 2023
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on
May 26, 2023.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings
conference call held with analysts and investors on May 26, 2023, at 02:30 P.M. (IST) to
discuss the financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31,
2023.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
Digitally signed by: VINEET 
HARLALKA
DN: CN = VINEET 
HARLALKA C = IN O = 
Personal
Date: 2023.06.01 16:56:53 +
05'30'
VINEET 
HARLALKA

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST/MODERATOR: MR. SUMIT KISHORE - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT – INDIAN ENERGY EXCHANGE:  
 
MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA –  
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ –  
 
HEAD, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  
 
MS. APARNA GARG –  
 HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS  
 
MR. AMIT KUMAR –  
 HEAD OF MARKET OPERATIONS AND 
PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT  
 
MR. SANGH GAUTAM –  
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER  
 
MR. ADITYA WALI  

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, Good afternoon, and welcome to the Indian Energy Exchange Q4 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital Limited. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sumit Kishore: Thank you Tanvi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital I am pleased to 
welcome you all for the IEX Q4 FY2023 earnings conference call. We have with us the management team of IEX, which 
is represented by Mr. SN Goel, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr Vineet Harlalka, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rohit 
Bajaj Head Business Development, and Ms. Aparna Garg Head Investor Relations and Corporate Communication. We 
will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Goel followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to you Goel Sir! 
Satyanarayan Goel: Good afternoon, friends. I welcome you all to our Q4 and annual earnings call for FY2023. With 
me today on this call are Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Head Business Development; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, our CFO & Company 
Secretary, Mr. Amit Kumar Head of Market Operations and Product Development, Mr. Sangh Gautam CTO, Ms. Aparna 
Garg Head of Investor Relations and Communication and Mr. Aditya Wali. Friends last year was a turbulent year and 
particularly for the global economy due to geopolitical disruptions and a forecast baseline global growth falling from 
3.4% in 2022 to 2.8% in 2023. In comparison, the Indian economy has fared much better due to several proactive policy 
enablers by the Indian government. Economic growth sustained its momentum during the year led by a strong rebound 
in the industrial activities backed by strong private consumption, higher capital expenditure and a robust financial sector. 
India is expected to register a strong growth of 7% for fiscal 2023 as per the economic survey 2022-2023 and has been 
identified as the fastest growing major economy in the world. India’s manufacturing PMI in Q4 2023 stood at 55.7 
compared with 54.4 in Q4 of 2022. While the services PMI was higher for Q4 2023 at 58.1 compared with 52.3 in Q4 of 
2022. The country’s index of industrial production for 2023 grew 5.1% year-on-year basis. India’s G20 presidency this 
year provides a significant opportunity for the country to lead the global narrative in sustainable energy transition. For 
the year 2023-2024, the Government of India has presented a Saptarishi budget with green growth being one of the seven 
focus areas thus clearly laying out the positive priorities for the energy sector in the country. During the year fuel supply 
constraints due to Russia Ukraine war led to several countries facing a severe liquidity crunch. Heat waves in various 
parts of the world increased power demand which coupled with rising input fuel costs  and led to high electricity prices 
in almost all major economies. As per IEA during the second half of 2022, electricity prices increased fourfold in France 
to cross €320 per megawatt hour and reached almost €330 per megawatt hour in Germany. In the US average household 
electricity prices in the second half of 2022 were US$91 per megawatt hour which is 65% higher than the second half of 
2021. In Australia, prices averaged A$170 per megawatt hour which is more than twice of the second half of 2021. A 
similar situation prevailed in India as electricity consumption in FY23 increased to 1,504 billion units, a 9.4% increase 
on a year-on-year basis. This was due to increased industrial activity, the hottest summer months in our 120 years which 
coupled with supply-side constraints led to high power prices being discovered on the power exchanges. While coal 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
production increased by 14.7% on a year-on-year basis in FY23 to 892 million tonnes the coal dispatch to the power 
sector during FY23 increased by 9.1%, however, this coal was mainly supplied to PPA-based power plants to meet the 
increased demand. This led to a reduction in the availability of e-auction coal by over 50% to 53 million tonnes in FY23 
in comparison to 108 million tonnes in FY22 leading to a higher premium of nearly 260% over notified price in fiscal 
year 2023. The average market clearing price for DAM for the fiscal increased by nearly 36% to Rs.5.96 per unit while 
the Q4 average price of the exchange was Rs.6.1 per unit nearly a 13% increase with respect to Q4 of FY22. However, 
recently the prices of e-auction coal have reduced to a premium of nearly 137% over the notified price in April 2023. 
The price of 5000 GCV imported coal has also reduced to about $95 per tonne a 33% drop over May 2022 price. For gas 
also the prices have reduced to almost about $10 per MMBTU in the month of May which is drop of more than 100% on 
a year-on-year basis. This year the country was prepared to meet the summer power surge on the back of several 
productive initiatives taken by the Government of India. The unexpected cooler weather conditions in April which 
continued till mid of May helped mitigate the expected demand surge. Measures were taken during the year to increase 
coal production and prioritize supply to the power sector. Coal blocks were auctioned to private companies, PSUs for 
commercial mining, and captive mines were allowed to sell up to 50% of the annual production after meeting end-use  
plant requirements. Coal allocation for the power sector was increased and its transportation prioritized through the 
railways. Further, the Power Ministry mandated states and Gencos to import at least 6% of their coal needed to blend 
with the domestic coal. Section 11 of the Electricity Act was invoked thereby all imported coal-based power plants were 
asked to operate at full capacity with the option of selling unsold power on the power exchange. Strict monitoring was 
done for plant maintenance to minimize downtime. NVVN was appointed as the nodal agency to facilitate the supply of 
4000 megawatts of NTPC gas-based power and 1050 megawatt of Torrent gas-based power during peak months to be 
sold on the exchanges. Additionally, a decisive focus on renewable energy by the Government has helped the energy 
sector diversify its fuel sources. India has received a renewable capacity of 172 gigawatts as on March 31, 2023, which 
is 41% of the total capacity of 416 gigawatts. The country added about 15 gigawatts of RE capacity in the last fiscal, the 
fastest rate of growth among major economies. This makes the country well poised to meet its vision of achieving 500 
gigawatts of non-fossil fuel-based electricity installed capacity by 2030. With the improving supply-side liquidity due to 
the above policy and regulatory enablers and cooler weather conditions, more competitive prices are being discovered 
on the exchange now. Going forward, we expect more competitive prices on the exchange in the coming months. 
IEX commenced the recent proposal of the Group constituted by the Ministry of Power for the Development of the 
Electricity market in India. The country’s electricity market is undergoing transformational changes led by the 
Government’s decision to focus on sustainable energy transition and energy security. Power markets will have an 
instrumental role to play in accelerating India’s energy transition by enabling the smooth integration of renewables into 
the grid. Some key recommendations of the group such as mandating renewable energy sources to participate in the 
market and additional RE capacity to be developed through the contract for difference mechanism will facilitate faster 
addition of RE capacity and spur investment in the sector thus helping attain India’s 2030 RE targets. To increase RE 
target vision in the market a pilot mechanism has been proposed for implementation within a year and an initial capacity 
of 1000 megawatts will be generated by the nodal agency under the single price option with 15 years or 10 years. The 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
significant benefit of the CfD model is that it deepens the market by providing certainty to both generators and buyers 
by guaranteeing a fixed price for the defined period. The mechanism ensures a stable revenue stream for the renewable 
generator. Countries such as UK, USA, Germany, etc., were able to increase their renewable generation capacity by more 
than 30% by implementing market-based reforms such as CfD to facilitate renewable energy integration into the grid. 
Now the Government of India has also decided to explore this option. Further, the proposal to introduce financial products 
for electricity to help against price volatility in the spot market will lead to capacity addition, increased private investment, 
and ultimately result in lower prices for consumers. The group has also recognized the inefficiency and inflexibility of 
long-term PPAs and a stronger role for power exchanges to deepen the market and enable efficiency in electricity 
procurement. Improving the efficacy of the day ahead market will lead to market-based merit order dispatch of electricity 
which will result in effective cost optimization. Higher renewable energy integration will necessitate detailed resource 
adequacy planning by the utilities to ensure optimum resource mix and introduce capacity contracting through power 
exchange. Similarly, a market-based mechanism through the exchange for secondary reserve will lead to RRAS at 
competitive prices. We are confident that the implementation of this roadmap will fast-track India’s energy transition 
goals through an efficient, optimal and reliable market framework. 
Looking at the last fiscal we saw several important developments on the policy and regulatory front. A few highlights 
are the draft National Electricity Policy which aims to increase the share of the competitive power market to 25% of the 
total electricity supply by FY2030. The policy highlights resource adequacy for better planning of resources, it also 
allows fungibility among various buckets of renewal purchase obligations to provide flexibility to distribution licensees. 
The policy encourages market based RE development and execution of small capacity for RE development. General 
Network Access was notified during the year. The notification to implement all provisions of GNA will go a long way 
in streamlining network access and network user charges. GNA will strengthen the exchange-based power market in the 
country. Further, it will remove regulatory arbitrage which has led to a temporary shift of volume from DAM to DAC 
and will be more conducive towards further market development in the country. The Electricity Amendment Rules 2022 
are expected to promote renewable energy through Green Energy Open Access. This will deepen the electricity markets 
and efficiently integrate RE resources into the grid. The Green Open Access 2022 has reduced the open access limit from 
1 megawatt to 100 kilowatts while there is no limit for captive consumers. This will also allow smaller consumers to buy 
or sell RE power and increase access to renewable capacity. The Electricity Amendment Bill 2022 proposes several 
reforms to the distribution sector, promotes private participation, better services and improves financial health. Further 
the Energy Conservation Amendment Act 2022 allows for the development of the national carbon market in the country. 
Deviation Settlement Mechanism and Related Matters Regulations 2022 is likely to increase RTM volume in the 
exchange. CERC Ancillary Services Regulation 2022 for the development of Tertiary Reserve Ancillary Services will 
be effective June 1, 2023 and this will operationalize procurement of ancillary services through the exchange. Further, 
several enabling interventions were made toward increasing the generation and adoption of RE resources. A new 
trajectory of RPO mandates States to procure 27% of their electricity needs from renewable sources to be scaled up to 
43% by the fiscal year 2030. Industry transmission charges have been waived off for RE to reduce the cost of integration 
of renewables while new transmission infrastructure is being set up to improve access to RE power. Renewable generation 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
obligation mandates new coal or lignite-based thermal plants to establish RE capacity of a minimum 40% of the plant 
capacity. IEX will remain at the forefront of this transition by constantly innovating new products and segments to meet 
the evolving needs of the market. 
Now I will come to the IEX update. During the year IEX launched the much-awaited Term-Ahead market contracts with 
delivery up to 90 days. This contract enables customers to help risk against volatility in the spot market. We also launched 
green monthly contracts and introduced green hydro contracts. Last year due to the surge of electricity prices in the spot 
market, CERC imposed a price cap of Rs.12 per unit across market segments. While this move rationalized prices for 
buyers, high-cost generators were left with standard capacity. To bridge the demand-supply gap during the high demand 
period the Ministry proposed a High Price Day-Ahead market and following a petition by IEX CERC has granted 
approval to this product. This segment enables high variable cost generators such as gas-based power plants, imported 
coal-based power plants, and battery energy storage systems to participate in the market in the price range of 0 to Rs.20 
per unit. IEX commenced trade of High Price Day-Ahead market after it was launched by the Honorable Minister Shri 
RK Singh Ji on March 9, 2023. This segment will bring more capacity to the spot market during high-demand period. 
We have made a humble beginning in this segment with the first trade executed on April 15, 2023. During the year IEX 
maintained a near 100% market share in collective transactions, that is, DAM and RTM, together these two markets 
constitute about 80% of the power exchange business. 
Moving on to IEX updates, an overall volume of 26 billion units was achieved across all segments during Q4 FY23, a 
7.9% quarter-on-quarter growth. Total certificates traded during Q4 amounted to 1.8 billion units, an impressive 50% 
quarter-on-quarter growth. However, the total volume declined by 3.3% in Q4FY23 as compared to Q4FY22 due to 
supply-side constraints. The average Day-Ahead market price during Q4 was Rs.6.07 higher by 13% on year-on-year 
basis. For the fiscal year 2023, IEX traded 96.8 BUs, a decline of 5% year-on-year due to sell-side liquidity constraints. 
For the fiscal year, the day-ahead market price was Rs.5.96 per unit which was higher by 36% on a year-on-year basis. 
Liquidity was affected due to supply constraints that led to higher prices of e-auction coal, imported coal and LNG gas. 
The average day-ahead market price for April 2023 came down to Rs.5.41 per unit which is a decline of 46% on a year-
on-year basis with respect to April 2022. Going forward with gradual improvement in domestic production of coal and 
improvement in coal inventory which is at 14 days compared to 11 days of last year and reduction in imported coal and 
gas prices, we expect rationalization of power prices on the exchange platform. This will enable cost optimization by 
DISCOMs and Open Access consumers and should result in higher volume on the exchange platform. In line with its 
commitment to facilitate India’s decarbonization target IEX has been certified as India’s first carbon-neutral power 
exchange by using market-based tradable instruments to offset its carbon emissions. This certification will also help our 
members and participants to reduce their Scope 3 emissions. An employee focus approach built on the foundation of trust 
and respect has made IEX the first power exchange in India to be certified as a Great Place to Work. IEX continued to 
leverage technology to launch market friendly products and increase efficiency for our customers. We launched web-
based bidding for G-DAM, DAM, monthly and any-day single-sided reverse auction products to provide anytime, 
anywhere easy and secure bidding access to our customers. Web-based financial reconciliation to enable easy 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
reconciliation of the bidding transactions done through our platform. Web-based data insights to enable effective bidding 
decision making, automated financial limit allocation across product segments, utility for easy integration with RTM 
market, API, market data API to enable automated access to price and volume, market data across product segments. 
Further, we undertaken process automation which is leading to benefits such as better system availability and ease of 
operations. We continue to invest to create a robust and secure IT infrastructure at IEX. During the year we also integrated 
with the National Open Access Registry (NOAR) of GRID India. 
I shall now talk about developments at IGX. In April 2023 there have been several notable achievements at our Indian 
Gas Exchange. IGX generated a total volume of 50.9 million MMBTU during FY23, a 319% year-on-year increase. This 
growth was largely on the back of the participation of major domestic gas producers and an increased number of 
participants. A total of 2,355 trades were executed during this year, an increase of 400% on a year-on-year basis. The 
profitability of IGX for FY23 has increased to Rs.28 Crores from 1.75 Crores in FY22. 
I will now talk about the financial performance of IEX. On a consolidated basis, revenue for Q4 FY23 increased 10.5% 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis from 107.4 Crores in Q3 FY23 to 129.6 Crores in this quarter. Total revenue of Q4 FY23 
witnessed a growth of 1% on a year-on-year basis. Consolidated PAT at Rs.88.3 Crores grew 14% on quarter-on-quarter 
basis as compared to 77.2 Crores in Q3 of FY23. For the full fiscal year 2023 on a consolidated basis, the revenue declined 
by 2.1% on a year-on-year basis from 484.4 Crores in FY22 to 474.1 Crores in FY23. Consolidated PAT at 305.9 Crores 
was lower by 0.9% on a year-on-year basis as compared to 308.6 Crores in FY22. Please note that Indian Gas Exchange 
was a subsidiary of IEX till January 16, 2022 and IGX became an associate company with effect from January 17, 2022 
and was consolidated based on the equity method in the above numbers. For fiscal year 2023, the Board of Directors of 
the company announced a final dividend of Rs.1 equivalent to 100% of the face value of equity shares. During the year 
the Board of Directors of the company also approved the buyback of the equity shares from the open market amounting 
to Rs.98 Crores and this was completed successfully from January to March. For the past 15 years, IEX has continuously 
pioneered the market with its keen focus on customer centricity, innovation and technology. IEX will remain at the 
forefront of accelerating India’s energy transition towards net zero. We will continue to explore business opportunities 
in new products and markets such as ancillary market, capacity market and gross bidding. Through our diversification 
initiatives, IEX will continue to deepen the energy markets of the country. In addition, IEX will help build a vibrant gas 
market in India enabling the Government’s aim of doubling their share of natural gas in the energy mix of the country. 
IEX will continue to work with the Ministry, regulators, our partners and clients and all our stakeholders to build a 
sustainable energy-efficient future for India. Thank you and now we can have questions and answers. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. My first question is when do we expect the GNA regulations to be 
effective which will remove basically the arbitrage between DAM and DAC? 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Satyanarayan Goel: We understand that this will be effective from August 1, 2023. They will be issuing the Grid Code 
maybe this month itself and after that NLDC will need maybe two months to develop the procedure and do the necessary 
changes in the system to implement the grid code and the Transmission Charge Sharing Regulation. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: Understood sir, by Q2 it will already be implemented and how do you expect all the volumes which 
were shifted to DAC will be transferred back to DAM? 
Satyanarayan Goel: That should happen because if you look at the volume in the DAC market two years back there was 
nothing particularly happening in this and in fact, at that time even RTM market was not there. Now with the RTM 
market there is no place for the DAC market, without this arbitrage. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: How do you expect the long-term duration volumes to pick up Sir, because till now it has not picked 
up substantially so what are the measures that we are taking towards it? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes, I think in the long duration contracts also there is lot of interest which has been shown by the 
distribution companies and many auctions were conducted but since the price discovered in these auctions was quite high 
this year they have not resulted into contracts and now with improvement in the coal supply and reduction in the e-auction 
rate I am sure the price discovered in the long duration contracts will also be very competitive and the conversion should 
happen. We expect good volume growth in this market also. Last year we did 1.6 BU in 8 months so this year we are 
planning at least 5 BU in this segment. We have already done 1 BU in two months, so at this rate it should be more than 
6 BU. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: Understood and Sir final question what is the product launch pipeline for FY2024? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Ancillary market is going to start from June 1, 2023. In the last two years we have launched so 
many products, so it is time that we bring liquidity to these products and bring awareness about these products so that 
participants do participate in these things. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: Thanks, I have a few questions. The first one is that you seem to have exercised some cost control, your 
employee cost is down year-on-year, and even other expenses are down year-on-year because of which the Q4 EBITDA 
margin has improved so could you speak about the cost control and is the margin improvement sustainable? 
Satyanarayan Goel: In case of employee I think the cost is almost same what it was last year. 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Sumit Kishore: Sir it is down from… 
Satyanarayan Goel: I will request my CFO, Mr. Vineet Harlalka to respond to this question. 
Vineet Harlalka: On year-to-year basis if you look at the employee cost it came down almost from 41 Crores to 
34.5Crores it was mainly because some portion of the IGX cost was in the IEX cost for the nine months for the last year 
that was one significant portion and secondly because of the higher profit last year so there was a provision there  for the 
variable scheme so those two impact was there which is not there so that is why you see the gap in the cost. 
Sumit Kishore: Got it and as far as other income is concerned, I see on your balance sheet that cash and bank balance 
and investments have reduced, there was a buyback also of 98 crores but the reduction is higher, but your other income 
has gone up on a year-on-year basis in Q4 quite substantially it has gone up even quarter-on-quarter. What is resulting in 
lower… 
Vineet Harlalka: Can you repeat what you asked? Last line I didn’t get it. 
Sumit Kishore:   I am saying basically the movement of cash and bank balance and investments there is a reduction year-
on-year even after adjusting for the buyback but the other income in Q4 has gone up quite sharply on year-on-year basis? 
Vineet Harlalka: If you look at the total investments, investments has not gone down significantly. Actually, there was 
shifting of the investment into the long-term products so if you look the investment reduced in the short term, the current 
investments to the long term from current to noncurrent so that is the case and secondly because of the few initiatives 
and the parking of the fund in to the good yielding products so that was the impact. So last year, if you see there is a 
significant increase in the interest rate and during the last quarter because quite liquidity crunch and also, we get the good 
opportunities in MLDsand other products so we take the advantage of that. That is why we got the better return on our 
overall investment portfolio. 
Sumit Kishore: So, what is the nature of noncurrent investments which you are saying you have increased? 
Vineet Harlalka: Noncurrent are basically we put the money on the target maturity funds or the long-term MLDs, FDs 
so that is why those are the noncurrent assets. 
Sumit Kishore: On the business front a few questions one is we find that in May as you pointed out the imported coal 
prices have come off, e-auction coal prices have come off, availability has also seem to be improving, we had weak 
demand growth in March and April but May also seems to be soft on volume growth on a year-on-year basis so far so 
when is the acceleration going to happen? 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Satyanarayan Goel: Volume growth for the first two months so far has been almost 6% in electricity. Growth has already 
started but I think in the coming months when we see better supply of coal in the market at lower e-auction price because 
e-auction conducted in the month of April quantum was also significantly higher and the price was also reasonable so 
the supply of this coal will start maybe in the month of June, July and we should see competitive price, further reduced 
price and higher volume on the exchange platform. Further wind generation also will improve, hydro generation will also 
improve, so all that should provide good liquidity on the sell side. 
Sumit Kishore: Sure, and finally on the Contract for Differences seems to be a very promising move so what is possible 
in the next one year in terms of volumes coming to exchanges what is possible over a three year timeframe in terms of 
CfD leading to higher penetration of renewables in the merchant market? 
Satyanarayan Goel: I would like to say one thing that we have been working on this product contract for differences 
from the last three years and I am very happy to say that Government has finally accepted this concept. So that is one 
thing which is a big achievement. One thing they have accepted is that they will tender out 1,000 megawatt of renewable 
capacity under the CfD which will be sold through the market. Second thing they did this year is that 4,000 megawatt of 
NTPC gas stations and 1,050 megawatt of Torrent gas stations will operate and sell power in the day-ahead market and 
the difference between the market clearing price and the cost of gas based generation will be paid by Government of 
India. Again, it is a contract for differences. They had also approved procurement of 1,500 megawatt of imported coal-
based power under Contract for Differences for selling in the exchange platform to meet the demand during the crunch 
period, so of course in that particular contract there was no response from the generator so that did not materialize. So, 
what I am saying is that there is now acceptance of this concept and in the coming years I am sure the standard capacity, 
gas based capacity in particular will be utilized during the high demand period to meet the peak hour demand. And that 
should provide good liquidity on the exchange platform. 
Sumit Kishore: What was the volume in HP-DAM since launch? 
Satyanarayan Goel: HP-DAM the volume has not been significant because April and May months were comparatively 
much cooler months. The demand has not increased. In fact, the demand in these months was lower by 1% with respect 
to last year and our clearing price was 40% lower than last year, so that is why volume has not happened in the HP-DAM 
market. 
Sumit Kishore: Those were my questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apoorva Bahadur from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Apoorva Bahadur: Hi Sir thank you for the opportunity. Sir, continuing on this Contract for Differences product now I 
understand it is a derivative product so will IEX be allowed to transact once the volume picks up and also for approvals 
will you need to approach CERC or SEBI? 
Satyanarayan Goel: I think this product has been already approved by Government of India now. If you look at delivery 
transactions beyond 11 days that is also considered as a forward contract but now these contracts are allowed on the 
exchange platform. Similarly, this contract also, since it is going to result in actual delivery of power this will be allowed. 
This in fact Government of India has already contracted 1,050-megawatt gas-based capacity from Torrent and 4,000 from 
NTPC for selling through the market under this concept. 
Apoorva Bahadur: Since it is delivery based there would not be any issue on the regulatory side. 
Satyanarayan Goel:  Yes 
Apoorva Bahadur: Okay understood. Second is on one of the suggestions, recommendations which the Ministry panel 
had suggested for deepening the market and that is for 15 years renewable contracts so just wanted to know what sort of 
appetite the lenders have in funding this type of product? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, if you look at the contracts in most of the contracts the debt obligation is serviced within 10 to 
12 years. So as far as lenders are concerned this will be comfortable with 15 years. 
Apoorva Bahadur: With the short lending period will they be really be viable on a cost competitiveness basis? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Today one of the big problems is integration of renewable with the conventional power and most 
of the renewable is happening through PPA and if it is PPA then it is a must run and it will operate as and when the power 
generation happens. I think to integrate with the market they need this kind of market instrument and that is why 
Government is now saying that we should have 15 years PPA so that after 15 years this power is sold through the market 
mechanism. And I am sure 15 years is a long period even from the funding point of view, this should be able to get 
funding at a reasonable cost even for this period. 
Apoorva Bahadur: Understood, so essentially the new capacity might start coming in on our platform after 15 years? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes, you are right. 
Apoorva Bahadur: Got it. Sir I think last question is probably on the demand side so we are seeing that the prices have 
corrected sharply and that is something to do with the softness in demand maybe due to weather factor so do you think 
that structurally has the supply situation improved or going ahead if the demand picks up again, we will again be in a 
supply crunch? 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Satyanarayan Goel: I think there is significant improvement in the supply side but it is definitely not as it was two years 
back. But I think in the next two to three months with the increased coal supply to the IPPs there should be further 
improvement in the supply side. 
Apoorva Bahadur: Sure Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damodaran from Acuitas Capital. Please go ahead. 
Damodaran: Thank you Sir for the opportunity. Just two questions from my side on the day-head contingency market. 
The first one was while we have a day-ahead market, what purpose does the day-ahead contingency market serve and 
why is its market share in that so low at 45% odd? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes. In fact, the day-ahead contingency market was introduced in the beginning because if 
somebody has not been able to purchase power, and if the volume bids are not cleared in the day-ahead market then there 
was another opportunity in the day-ahead contingency market for him to do the transaction. But in 2022 the RTM market 
was introduced and in this market there is a lot of liquidity available. So, I think the purpose of the day-ahead contingency 
market is over and that is why no significant volume is happening on this market. Volume started happening only in 2021 
when the transmission pricing regulation was issued and there was an arbitrage available in the DAC market, volume 
started shifting in this market. In this market is a price matching it is not a price discovery so I think all three exchanges 
are in the same footing and it all depends on the interactions with the customers, connectivity with the customers so that 
is why we have a better share in this market in comparison to other two exchanges but I think all of them  have the  
opportunity to get market share and I understand some of the other exchanges were also giving some incentives on the 
transaction fees. 
Damodaran: Sure Sir. Got it thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync Services. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to understand in relation to this GNA regulation, if I 
remember correctly it was first supposed to be implemented from October 2022 from there the date changed to January 
then in the last concall we discussed about April 1, 2023 and now we are guiding for August 1, 2023 why this delay is 
happening for so long and do we have any sort of certainty that August 1, 2023 is a clarity or we can further have delay 
from August 1, 2023 as well? That is my first question. 
Satyanarayan Goel: The point is, the implementation of this will depend on the regulatory orders and  this  is linked 
with issuance of grid code of regulation that has not been issued so far. After grid code is issued, thereafter NLDC will 
align its processes and systems in line with the new grid code and transmission charges regulations. They will also need 
some time to implement that. Based on the discussions and based on the developments which have taken place we expect 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
that it should get implemented from August 1, 2023. But I cannot guarantee that. It all depends on issuance of order by 
CERC and thereafter revision of processes and systems by NLDC. 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you so much Sir that really helped, and my next question would be, if I understand correctly 
when the price of electricity in exchange is higher then probably the demand suffers. So that is what we witnessed last 
year. So what gives us an idea that this year sustainably the price will be lower or can we have any guidance in terms of 
how we look at the prices and do we have any forecast for the prices or it is completely demand supply driven and we 
have no control we for seeing that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Our price discovered is purely based on the demand and supply and we have seen years in which 
the supply is more the prices are competitive. Last year we had more demand than supply that is why the prices were 
higher. This year we are expecting a much better situation because coal production targets are very, very high targets. 
The target is for 1 billion tonne of coal production which is 12% more than last year. Whereas the electricity demand 
increase is expected to be only 5-6%, so increased coal availability in the market that should lead to better liquidity on 
the sell side and lower price on the exchange platform and what also happens if the imported coal prices are higher. Last 
year the 5000 GCV coal price was about $130. It has come down to about $90 now and it is expected to go down further. 
E-auction prices are invariably linked to the imported coal price, so e-auction prices also have started coming down now. 
Quantum of coal offered in the e-auction has also started increasing. So, all these things should result in availability of 
coal at a lower price and lower clearing price on the exchange platform. 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you so much Sir. If I can squeeze in one last question, as you rightly mentioned that the GNA 
regulation is not in your control, but it is all in the regulatory hand, do we see any threat or risk in terms of our market 
share getting further eroded if we are unable to get the market share from DAC back to DM? Do you see that as a long-
term problem if this issue persists? 
Satyanarayan Goel: One thing I want to make clear is that in the day-ahead market and RTM market, our share is 
practically 100% . We are quite confident we will be able to retain this market share. The transactions happening in the 
DAC market are mainly because of the arbitrage available in the DAC market. Once that arbitrage is over there is no 
reason for the transaction to happen in the DAC market. 
Ankit Kanodia: My question is related to that only. If the arbitrage persists for a longer period of time, do you think that 
could be a threat to us or not? 
Satyanarayan Goel: I mean this is a market distortion, shifting volume from the DAM market and in DAC market as I 
told you all three exchanges are equally active so that will definitely lead to loss of share. But looking at the developments 
which have taken place, and which are happening, I am sure within a day or two, we will see CERC issuing a grid code 
and implementation of GNA should happen on August 1, 2023 as discussed with the other stakeholders. 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Ankit Kanodia: Thank you so much Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise Wealth Managers. Please go ahead. 
Drashti: Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. In a recent interview of one of the competitor exchanges’ MD, he had 
mentioned that the initial steps towards market coupling is being implemented by CERC, which is introducing ancillary 
services market. So, if you could help us understand what exactly are these steps and how could it impact our existing 
products? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes see ancillary market if you look at the market design, ancillary market is exchanges are only 
taking bids from the participants, these bids are forwarded to NLDC because NLDC is deciding how much of power they 
have to procure on real time basis and based on that requirement then they will stack these bids and purchase the power 
or take that power based on least cost option basis. So, in this case because the requirement is by NLDC it has to happen 
only in this manner. Each of the exchanges cannot do price discovery and disclose these prices and volumes to the NLDC. 
NLDC must decide how much power they want to buy and based on that they will exercise the least cost option and there 
is no price discovery in this case. The demand is fixed and based on the bid for the supply they will find out what is the 
least cost option. 
Drashti: Sir, that is what I wanted to understand. Since these are the initial steps for market coupling, how can it impact 
us in the future and which all products would be impacted? 
Satyanarayan Goel: This (Ancillary Services) is a different kind of product. This is a product which meets the 
requirement of NLDC. This is again not price coupling. This is just exchanges are inviting bids and forwarding the bids. 
It is NLDC who must basically then select how much power they want out of that which we supply to them. I do not 
think this will have any impact on the other products in the market. Line of other products exchanges will invite the bids 
they will do the price discovery and settle financial and physical settlement. In this case we are not even doing the physical 
and financial settlement, it is just we are collecting the bids and sending them to NLDC. 
Drashti: Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lavanya from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Lavanya: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir just going on with the earlier question of ancillary market. If I understand 
it you will be taking only supply side bids and forward to the NLDC who will take based on the merit order. Is that 
understanding right Sir? 
 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Satyanarayan Goel: Yes, you are right. 
Lavanya: So, what will the transaction fees be on this product? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Based on the bids received by us selected by NLDC and scheduled for supply. The quantum which 
is scheduled for supply on that we can charge transaction fees. Let us see how much volume happens in this market and 
then we will decide about it. 
Lavanya: The charges will be only Rs.0.02 only to the supply side then? 
Satyanarayan Goel: We can charge up to Rs 0.02, but then in this case we do not intend to charge that because in this 
case the scope of work is much less for the exchanges. It is only collection of bids and sending them to NLDC. 
Lavanya: So, on the overall market, I just wanted to understand in terms of the power market so last year whatever we 
have seen was just only because of coal availability or we are seeing any difficulties in terms of capacity as well like 
supply side it was largely due to only coal availability or in terms of capacity also? 
Satyanarayan Goel: It was more because of the coal availability. We have capacity. Even now also when the demand of 
221 gigawatt was met, I think in the month of May we still had surplus capacity available in the system and in any case for 
meeting this kind of demand, 25 gigawatt of gas capacity is also available. And based on the current gas prices which are 
likely to go down further I am sure even the cost of generation with the gas also will come down to less than Rs.10. 
Lavanya: So, before 2019 the supply from gas stations was happening or was that not happening? 
Satyanarayan Goel: In 2019 the demand in the country itself in comparison to what it is today was much lower so there 
was no need for gas-based generation to be in the market because that is a costly generation. But now since the demand 
has increased and if there is a shortage of capacity, maybe for 15 days, 1 month in a year, the gas-based generation can 
also be utilized. 
Lavanya: Got it. Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Nigania from Alliance Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Nigania: Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is regarding a portal which the Government had launched 
PUSH portal any traction which has happened on that or not really till now? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Not to my knowledge. I think after the Muhurat transaction nothing happened after that. 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Nikhil Nigania: Understood. The second question I had was regarding the CfD, which was proposed. I think it is a great 
move from a renewable generator or even an exchange perspective, but I would think of it from a DISCOM perspective. 
What is the incentive for them to sign a CfD contract versus signing a PPA for example especially if renewable prices 
are falling every year? 
Satyanarayan Goel: The Discoms have not signed the CfD contract, they may not sign the CfD contract but normally 
these kinds of contracts are signed by the nodal agency of the Government. In this case it might be SECI or any other 
public sector company that the Government can ask them to get into this kind of contract. But even in case distribution 
companies also, see what happens, you know the distribution company who has to meet the RPO obligation, if they get 
into a RE capacity through the PPA then they will have to purchase that power and they will have to manage the variability 
of that power with respect to their demand and supply. Other options for them is that  they get into contract, pay the 
money contracted by you to the generator, take the green attribute for your RPO obligation and let the generator sell the 
power in the conventional market. And the difference between the conventional market rate and the strike price can be 
borne by the distribution company which is basically towards the green attribute. What we find is that for such kind of 
contracts also there is a very strong case because rate in the conventional market is definitely higher than the strike price. 
In fact, we got a study done from Deloitte doing the price forecast for the next 15 years based on the marginal cost basis 
and what we have come to note is that the price for the next 15 years if somebody gets into this CfD model, no funding 
will be required in fact there will be a surplus in the pool. 
Nikhil Nigania: Got it Mr. Goel. One more question not related point but regarding another notification from the Ministry 
on fair allocation of coal where they have said that if states are found using domestic coal to sell excess power on the 
exchanges their rates will be curtailed and given to other states. Has that been implanted in practice or any impact of that 
you are not seeing till now? 
Satyanarayan Goel: I think that notification was applicable up to May 31, 2023, and nothing has happened in the last 
two months. 
Nikhil Nigania: Got it Mr. Goel.  Perfect. Those are the questions that I have. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharani Vijay Kumar from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: Good afternoon, Sir, so in this development of power market report by the government there is 
also a lot of mention on MBED. It looks like MBED is seriously being thought about by the Government at least in the 
long term so how is this positive or negative for IEX? 
Satyanarayan Goel: First of all in the report they have very clearly mentioned that implementation of MBED is a 
complicated issue and will require a lot of consultation with the stakeholders. So having realized that the Government 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
has already said that this is a part of the long-term plan and in future for renewable integration they may consider it at an 
appropriate time. I do not think they have mentioned any timeframe about that. It is in long term time frame. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: So, is it possible to expect that in the next 5 or 10 years any such anticipation from your side? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Very difficult to say what is going to happen in the next 5, 10 years. I think things are changing 
very fast these days, but I am very sure that not in the next 5 years. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: Got it. So also, we had this clarity on our margins recently with the CERC order; however, even 
in that order there have been indications that in the future there could be margins that could come under the scanner of 
the regulator. Essentially say being lower even IEX has submitted lower margins for longer duration products so what is 
your view on long term nature of our margins. Is it likely to come down anytime in the next say 5 years? 
Satyanarayan Goel: See, CERC had mentioned a cap of Rs.0.02 on the transaction fees in the regulation and based on 
the regulation requirement, we filed our application with CERC, which also they have given approval for charging 
transaction fees up to Rs.0.02. So, we do not see any further challenge in this though it is mentioned in the order that staff 
will work out details after studying the other exchanges. But looking at the market size, which is just about 6-7% of the 
total generation in the country, I think looking at what has happened in the last two to three years regulatory is more 
concerned about development of the market. And looking at the roadmap of the expert group also, the Government is 
concerned about deepening this market. So, more efforts are required for deepening the market than for regulating the 
transaction fees because if you do that then you are going to create entry barriers for the market, and I am sure other 
exchanges will not be financially viable if the transaction fees increases. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: What is the potential in million units where the GNA regulations are implemented there will be 
a shift from DAC to DAM market? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Last year DAC volume was 40 BU and now this year we are expecting from August 1, 2023 so 
four months you can say two third of the 40 BU which is about 9, 10 BU should shift back to day-ahead market. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: 9 to 10 billion units should be incremental for us on an annual basis? 
Satyanarayan Goel: No, for this year. Next year we are expecting that out of this 40 by at least 12 BU will shift to the 
day-ahead market. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: Second on the ancillary services you mentioned the demand is kind of fixed so in megawatt 
terms or in million-unit terms per year what is the overall demand in the country for this kind of power? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Demand is very high, but again we are expecting, the sell side is going to be constraint. 

 
 
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: I am talking about ancillary market which is arranged by NLDC so any number per year for 
capacity that is met through an ancillary market? 
Satyanarayan Goel: Requirement of the ancillary market ranges in the range of 2 to 3000 megawatt but then again that 
depends on the time of the date. It is not throughout the day and throughout the year. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: But it will be 2 to 3000 megawatt if it is on average for every day for the full year it will be 2 to 
3000 megawatt? 
Satyanarayan Goel: No, it is 2 to 3000 megawatt whenever they want it but if you look at average for a full year the 
quantum is going to be much, much lower. 
Bharani Vijay Kumar: Understood. Those were my questions. All the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Due to time constraint, we will take one last question from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart 
Sync Services. Please go ahead. As there is no response, I will hand it over to the management for closing comments. 
Satyanarayan Goel: I would like to thank all of you for being part of this call today.   
While higher input costs impacted our volumes last year, going forward, with increased coal production and cooling 
down of input prices, we expect lower clearing prices on IEX, and increasing optimization potential for Discoms and 
Open Access consumers, thereby supporting better volumes on IEX. As always, we remain committed to positively 
contribute towards a sustainable Indian energy sector. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
