l1
amtm 
REC 
~ 
n , )FR'I 1:i"lW'Rl1i 
Endless energy Inflmte possibilities 
REC Limited 13nrt~1 f~ftt'2"s 
(1fffiI WIiIiR <6l ~) 
/ (A Government of India Enterprise) 
Regd. Office: Core-4, SCOPE Complex, 7, Lodhi Road, New Delhi· 110003 
Corporate Office: Plot No. 1-4, Near IFFCO Chow\( Metro Station, 
Sector-29 . Gurugram . 
122001 (Haryana) 
Tel : +91 124 444 1300 I Website : www.recindia .nic .in 
CIN : L401 OWL 1969GOI005095 I GST No.: 06AAACR4512R3Z3 
G2 . ~ 
+R'"'""! 
ONI. ,,,,nil· Oil' ''''/'Ill'' • 01011 ,UT\I •• 
SEC-l/187(2)/2023/ J3Cj 'I 
Dated: August 23, 2023 
~~Ii fchfTlT~ 
q;y<iftc: m'~ fchfrlT 
~~TT.llcm""""'"<il·~\i131'ft1>~ ~~2;s 
alktl{ ~~2;s 
llcm<il'\i1~,~~q;y~CR1 , 
~~,~~~ 
hq~i~I~~~·~~~~~ 
__________ ~~~~~~I~ ~,~,B%t-~o ooo~ 
f-'f&
.:.,::.-q,.:.-:-~-====,,----_ _ __ . ___ +-,f&
_ q_m_ _- 5_3_2955 ___ _ 
Listing Department, 
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange ofIndia Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
I" Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
~
B~
an~d
:::r~a~(c:
E~a::
st~
),c!M
~u~m~b~a~i=-=4~0",0~0~5::,:1 ::.
. _____ 
-+D~a~
lal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001 . 
~S~cr~i~C~od~e~-~RE~C~L~T~D~ 
_ _ _ ____ _ ~S~c~ri~
Code - 532955 
J 
Sub: Transcript of Investor conference call held on August 17, 2023 
Madam/ Sir(s), 
In continuation of our earlier letter dated August II , 2023 and August 17, 2023, 
and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 20 IS, please find attached 
herewith transcript of Investor/ Analyst conference call of REC Limited held on 
August 17, 2023. 
~ ~ 
"Ii'1¢lfi il?fffi<~1 This is for your information. 
Regional Offices: 
State Offices 
Training Centre 
Bengaluru, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Chennai, Oehradun, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Jammu, Kolkata, 
Lucknow, Mumbai, Panchkula, Patna, Raipur, Ranchi, Shimla, Thiruvananthapuram & Vijaywada 
Vadodara, Varanasi 
REC Institute of Power Management & Training (RECIPMT), Hyderabad 
Jyoti 
Shubhra 
Amitabh
Digitally signed by Jyoti Shubhra Amitabh 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0573, 
pseudonym=133065811914836276Dm3B82
69pXyOd3, 
2.5.4.20=90de92ff366d85bfab279748dedfb1
a88a5af19e87ea57b3f19ab9d20d92f4e8, 
postalCode=201301, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=159303584c6c1556d495ded8
17d8acafb7052d4bc2ffef2356115a0e92ae00
ac, cn=Jyoti Shubhra Amitabh 
Date: 2023.08.23 16:27:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“REC Limited  
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SHREEPAL DOSHI – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIVEK KUMAR DEWANGAN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – REC LIMITED 
MR. AJOY CHOUDHURY - DIRECTOR FINANCE – 
REC LIMITED 
MR. V.K. SINGH –DIRECTOR PROJECTS – REC 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY KUMAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
REC LIMITED 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 Conference Call of REC 
Limited hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi. Thank 
you and over to you Mr. Doshi! 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you Michelle and good morning everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings 
conference call of REC Limited to discuss the Q1 FY2024 performance of the company, 
industry trends and outlook. We have the senior management team of REC with us 
represented by Mr. Vivek Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ajoy Choudhury - 
Director (Finance) and Mr. Vijay Kumar Singh – Director (Projects). I would now like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Vivek for his opening comments post which we can open the floor 
for question and answer. Over to you sir. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Good morning dear friends. I am Vivek Kumar Dewangan, CMD REC Limited. I am joined 
by my Director (Finance), Mr. Ajoy Choudhury and Director (Projects), Mr. Vijay Kumar 
Singh. I would like to share with you the fabulous results of quarter one of this current 
financial year. REC management had taken a conscious decision that from Q1 itself we 
need to enhance our performance. Over the years what we have found that the trend was 
that the Q1 and Q2 sanction and disbursement was muted one and substantially increase in 
Q3 and Q4 both sanction and disbursement. We took a conscious call well in time and the 
results are in front of all of us. REC continues to growth in its trend and it has shown 
growth in all the parameters. Compared to corresponding quarter of the previous year, let 
me share with you that our sanctions have gone up by 52% last year in Q1 our sanction was 
to the tune of $7.22 billion. This year in Q1 our sanction had increased to $10.94 billion. 
With regard to disbursements, we have seen a growth of 174%. Last year in Q1, our 
disbursement was $1.5 billion and in the current financial year in Q1, we achieved a 
disbursement of $4.11 billion. Our income has seen a growth of 16% from last year's $1.14 
billion, our income has grown to $1.32 billion in Q1 of this financial year. Profit before tax 
have seen a growth of 26%. Last year profit before tax was $354 million, which has come to 
$447 million in the current financial year Q1. Profit after tax has also seen a growth of 21% 
from $295 million to $357 million in Q1 of this current financial year. The loan book at the 
end of quarter one has seen a growth of 17% from last year's $46.73 billion. We have 
touched the loan book size of $55 billion. Net worth of our company has seen a growth of 
15.75% from last year's $6.34 billion, our net worth has increased to $10.33 billion in the 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 23 
current financial year at the end of Q1. The capital adequacy ratio of the company is at a 
comfortable level of 27.6%. Our gross and net NPA also come down substantially. The net 
NPA is now 0.97% at the end of Q1. To share with you, company has not added any new 
NPA for the last six quarters. With this fabulous performance, we are targeting to become a 
net zero NPA company by the end of 2025. These results were achieved despite some major 
challenges including increased cost of funds owing to continuing geopolitical events and 
heightened competition. This makes the performance even more pleasing. The focus of the 
world and India is today on energy. The five imperatives articulated by our Honorable 
Prime Minister is set to make India a developed nation by the year 2047, in the next 25 
years. With India presiding over G20 summit this year, REC is continuing to pursue its 
ambition to be a leading finance provider in this segment. The company intends to increase 
its share of renewable energy to at least 30% of our total loan portfolio. From the current 
level of $3.6 billion, we intend to increase our renewable energy portfolio to more than $45 
billion.  
 
REC has held a Green Finance Conference on the sidelines of G20 Ministerial meeting at 
Goa last week of July where the company has signed Memorandum of Understanding with 
about 25 major developers of solar, wind, hybrid power, solar panel manufacturers, electric 
mobility, electric buses, green hydrogen, green ammonia and home-based storage hydro 
projects. Our total amount of these projects for which MOUs have been signed were more 
than $35 billion. As you are aware, REC has expanded its mandate and took shareholders 
approval for financing in non-power infrastructure and logistics. Last year was the first year 
when we started this financing non-power infrastructure and logistics and we had 
sanctioned about $7.5 billion for infrastructure and logistics project and the current financial 
year also we want to increase this trajectory and we intend that one third of our total 
sanction will come from non-power infrastructure and logistics where we are going to cover 
roads, ports, airports, metro projects, healthcare and IT infrastructure. The fundamentals of 
Power Sector continue to improve and that augurs well for the country. The legacy dues of 
generation transmission companies stood at about Rs.1.4 lakh Crores as on June 2022 had 
reduced by almost 50% in one year itself. The AT&C losses have also come down 
substantially. In one year there was reduction of 5%, AT&C losses had come down from 
22% to about 17%. Average cost of supply and average revenue realized gap of ACS-ARR 
has also come down substantially from 61 paisa per unit to about 15 paisa per unit now. The 
introduction of Revamped Distribution Sector Schemes, where all the states are taking very 
proactive steps for reforming their distribution sector. The all current subsidies are being 
paid by the state governments to DISCOMS and arrears are also being liquidated in a 
phased manner. Tariff orders of almost all DISCOMS are in place. The measures being 
taken through the Revamped Distribution Sector Scheme and in particular installation of 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 23 
prepaid smart meters will strengthen the distribution sector allowing investment to flow in 
the sector. I would like to assure all the investors that REC shall continue to add value to 
our shareholders in the coming days and months. We are open to question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will take the first question from the line of Shreya Shivani 
from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers sir. I have 
three questions over here. First is on the renewable and the infra book. So, sir if you can 
give us some colour about the book as in how different it will be from the traditional 
financing in the power sector in terms of what is the average tenure of these two books, 
what would be the yields, would the yield be lower, would that mean any pressure on 
spread, some colour around that, that is my first question. Second question is sir on the LPS 
scheme. Sir in this presentation you have written that 136 billion more sanctions were done 
in first quarter and basis some calculations that I have done, basis what PFC also reports on 
sanctions of the consolidated group under LPS. Is it correct, is my number correct that the 
sanctions of LPS scheme for REC stands at 713 billion as of June 2023 and if you can talk 
about how many states are covered, are there more sanctions coming in, will all the 
disbursements be done in FY2024 itself or will it spread over two years, if you can help us 
understand that. Sir my third question in the last small question is, you mentioned AT&C 
losses have come down from 22% to 17%. Under 17%, I believe 16.5 is of FY2022. One of 
the ministers came out and said that the AT&C losses have further reduced to 13 or 14% 
which is a provisional number for FY2023. Is my understanding correct or the provision 
number can change significantly when the final number comes out? Those are my 
questions. Thank you. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Thank you Shreya. Let me start with your last question, AT&C losses. AT&C losses came 
down from 22 to 17% in the year 2021-22. Now you are right that the AT&C losses have 
come down further. It is around 15% in some of the states. It has gone down below 13% 
also. The statement by Honorable Minister is quite correct and it is going to be around 15% 
overall, but some states have done exceedingly well and some of the states are trying to 
reduce the AT&C losses to single digit that is a very good news. With regard to your 
question about RE & infra, let me start with renewable energy segment. Now instead of 
plain vanilla solar or wind, now we are looking for hybrid solution. Solar and wind 
combination or solar with storage, wind with storage because lot of demand is there for 
round the clock for power supply and we have also started looking after this green hydrogen 
and green ammonia, we have sanctioned recently a project in Oman and some more projects 
are likely to come up in Odisha and state of Tamil Nadu. We also sanctioned this pump 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 23 
storage hydro projects. You are right that the margins in renewable energy segment are not 
that high, but we are targeting the good asset quality as far as renewable energy segment is 
concerned. Our margins may not be that high, but would like to compensate it by increasing 
the volume of renewable energy portfolio. With regard to infrastructure, we were going 
cautiously actually. Last year was the first year when we started financing non-power 
infrastructure sector. We had targeted the state utilities with the state government 
guarantees like metro projects, road projects, IT infrastructure, health infrastructure and 
those projects we started with the support of the state government guarantee. Now once we 
gain the confidence, we are in the process of roping in experts from different infrastructure 
field and gradually we will start financing the private sector also. With regard to late 
payment surcharge, I will hand over to my director finance. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
So under LPS we have overall disbursed around 3.6 billion USD. In this current year out of 
$11 billion, $1.6 billion have gone towards LPS, so LPS will reduce going forward because 
this is a short-term measure and this overall outstanding currently on LPS is just about $9.8 
billion of overall $55 billion. $9.8 billion also includes the liquidity infusion scheme that 
happened during the COVID times. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay sir. Just a clarification so when your presentation says LPS and LIS, but LIS is not a 
part of LPS, i.e. not under the late payment surcharge scheme that is something going on 
from before it is? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
LIS was during COVID time, our government came up with the liquidity infusion scheme 
so that the power sector could sustain the loss of receivables that happened during the brief 
period of time, so LIS is that much and LPS is different scheme where the DISCOMS have 
been allowed to clear their outstanding payables to the generation & transmission 
companies and with the condition that going forward there will be no delay in payment of 
dues, so LPS and LIS are quite different. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So sir the $3.6 billion is just LPS, it includes LIS also or is it just LPS, just to clarify this? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
This quarter sanction is just about LPS. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. Thank you. This was helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nihaarika from Aequiitas 
Investment. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Nihaarika: 
Hi, Good Morning. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question would be how REC 
has hedged itself on interest rate risk, with US interest rates going up, how are we hedging 
ourselves on interest rate? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Yes. Our executive director Mr. Sanjay will explain the hedging methodology adopted by 
REC. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Actually 91% of our total exposure is already held up to the maturity. We are hedging for 
the various options which are available in the market. So the Seagull options, call spread 
options and the cost which is coming on the hedging basis including the coupon only swap 
which we entering into is roughly in the range of about 6.8 to 7.0%. So, as compared to the 
domestic cost of borrowing of about 7.5%, it's about 50 basis points lower. So, 91% of the 
total exposure is already hedged. As such, we do not have to see any eventuality that may 
be coming in the future years. 
Nihaarika: 
When you say this exposure, this is currency exposure as well as interest rate, is it 91%. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Both coupon as well as currency also. Both the things are there. Both the things are hedged. 
Nihaarika: 
We say cash flow repayments towards a loan. So have we hedged only interest payments or 
it includes interest plus principal? 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Interest plus principal both. 
Nihaarika: 
Okay. That is helpful. And how much of our book as a percentage of our book has a three 
year reset period. Again, because we would have some refinancing risk over there, so? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Close to 80% of our book is on three year reset, but that will gradually come down because 
nowadays we are disbursing loan on one year reset and the borrower is also taking on one 
year reset. There used to be almost 90-95%, which is gradually coming down. 
Nihaarika: 
Sir all the new renewable energy loans and infra loans which we are sanctioning and 
signing MOU for, we plan to do it on one year reset period. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
That is right, largely on one year reset period and some of them very small, are also 
quarterly reset basis as well. 
Nihaarika: 
Okay and any rate increases that we have taken say in past two quarters? 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Yes. We have raised our rates keeping with the increase in the cost of funds, so around 50 
basis points have been raised during previous year. 
Nihaarika: 
More has taken in recent quarters, which must be like coming, like it must be coming saying 
gradually over the next two quarters. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
That is right, yes. 
Nihaarika: 
The order renewable energy loans and again infra loans, so any kind of brackets that you 
can give for the spread we plan to get like spreads on these loans? 
V.K. Singh: 
So on renewable, as our chairman sir has said that our spread is lower compared to other 
segments of our lending. So our spread generally in the renewable segment is around 1.5 to 
2% or 2.25% in this range and for the infrastructure, it is anything between 2 to 3%. Largely 
between 2.5 to 3.0%. 
Nihaarika: 
Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Okay, thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shweta from Elara 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good quarter. Sir couple of questions. 
Just taking cue from the previous question so as against the 50 bps rate hike which we took 
last year, we saw almost 40 bps decline in yields that it is still not reflecting on the yields 
because of the lag effect? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
You are right. The effect of the reset of our rates will come after a while but because of our 
emphasis on asset quality, we have also lowered our margins & spread in many of the cases, 
so renewal projects particularly and also in some of the good power projects also we have 
reduce our spread and margins to accommodate good quality assets, that is what it is. 
Shweta: 
Just a follow-up question there, so in renewables as you clearly highlighted the rates will be 
slightly lower also because the competitive dynamics playing out there on the non power 
side incrementally we are focusing on state backed assets. So how do you see the yields 
stacking up over next two years especially post this reset? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Our yields are expected to be in the range of 9.5 to 9.8%. That is what we are targeting and 
we wish we shall hold on to spread of 2.5 and take our NIM to close to 3.5, current rate is 
3.28 so we would like to take it to 3.5, our NIM. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Shweta: 
Sure sir. Noted. Sir my second. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Just to add, you know 3.5 is fairly good numbers considering that asset quality is improving 
and sanctions are improving, disbursements are all time high. So on overall basis these 
margins are actually market reflective. 
Shweta: 
Right sir. So second question is an asset quality so Q1 for 3.28% GNPA with a stock of 
Rs.14,900 odd Crores. So what is the impending resolution pipeline now on the immediate 
basis for FY2024 and vis-a-vis whether you will be seeing recoveries or write back for this 
particular year? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Let me tell you the broad picture. We had about 36 stressed assets. Out of 36 stressed assets, 
17 stressed assets had already been resolved. In the current financial year, we are targeting 
to resolve about 9 assets. That total amount is about $1 billion roughly. There will be write 
backs as well because what we have seen that our recovery is in the range of 50 to 60% in 
most of the stressed assets and going forward, we do see some write backs happening in this 
current financial year and next year we are targeting to resolve the remaining 10 assets 
which are stressed ones. 
Shweta: 
Thanks sir and sir one last question if I may squeeze in. So I wanted a broader sense on 
growth in light of, sir look today, we are 90% public sector assets, 10% private sector and 
we are sort of also growing on non power mix, but then if I look historically or traditionally, 
the key driver especially for REC and for PFC for both the financials have been the 
distribution portfolio. So if I look at the overall capex opportunity, overall government 
outlay, then last part, correct me if I am wrong, Rs.2 lakhs Crores per annum is the kind of 
opportunity for the sector on the distribution side each year, but then you also highlighted 
the fact that AT&C losses are coming down and the balance sheet out there are 
strengthening. So going forward how do you see the growth panning out for the traditional 
portfolio which is largely driven by generation and distribution segment because I 
understand that these RDSS and LPS schemes and sanctions that growth should taper off, 
right I mean beyond say FY2030, could you just highlight mainly the growth from the 
traditional segments. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Let me try to understand your question. You rightly said that 90% portfolio is for state 
utilities and 10% only in the private sphere, but going forward as we are targeting to cover 
more of renewable energy projects, the portfolio of private sector is going to increase from 
10% to about 30% in the next seven years. With regards to the traditional sectors,  
distribution sector will still required funding this revamped distribution sector scheme will 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 23 
continue up to March 2026. As you are rightly pointed out that out of Rs.3 lakhs Crores 
RDSS outlay Rs. 97000 Crores is Government of India grant and Rs. 200000 Crores will 
come from the state side or by the financing from REC and PFC but you have to appreciate 
the fact that the distribution network in the country is quite old, about 40 to 50 years, there 
will be continuous requirement of upgrading the distribution infrastructure, so I don’t see 
any share of distributions reducing and will continue out 30 to 35% in our loan portfolio for 
next 10 to 15 years. 
Shweta: 
Okay. That is very helpful. I will come back in the queue. Thank you so much. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, just wanted to understand our role exactly in the funding of renewable projects, I mean 
over the next two to three years, what kind of opportunities we see in funding of power 
projects in renewable side and even transmission & distribution side? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Renewable energy as you are aware that Government of India has given a target of about 
500 GW of installed capacity from non fossil fuel sources by 2030, mostly it will be 
renewable energy only. Right now our installed capacity is about 177 GW. About 323 GW 
capacity is going to come in next seven years. As I had already highlighted that now we are 
not looking for only plain vanilla solar or wind. Now it will be mostly it will be hybrid solar 
and wind combination, solar with storage, wind with storage and we are also quite gung-ho 
about the potential for storage solutions because renewable energy is intermittent in nature. 
To stabilize the grid, we need the storage solution. There are a lot of potential for battery 
energy storage and pump storage hydro projects also and some of the developers are also 
trying hydrogen fuel cell storage also, that is also in the pipeline. Green hydrogen, green 
ammonia, recently Government of India has amended the Energy Conservation Act. With 
this amendment, Government of India can mandate the consumption of renewable energy in 
different segments. They are in the process of notifying the consumption of green hydrogen 
and green ammonia also. We see a huge potential for financing green hydrogen and green 
ammonia projects as well. And with that associated this evacuation of renewable energy 
will also require green energy corridors that also has huge potential. By the year 2030, we 
are expecting that total funding requirement will be about Rs. 15 Lakhs Crores in this 
energy transition initiative and REC is targeting to capture 20 to 30% of this business 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 23 
potential. Maybe we may Rs. 3 lakhs to Rs.4 lakh Crores will be able to finance this energy 
transition related initiative in next seven years. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir what proportion will be this for T&D and what will be proportion for power plants, I 
mean renewables? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: This distribution I had not included. The energy transition related initiative pertains to this 
renewable energy generation projects, then storage solutions and evacuation through 
transmission. With that has Rs.3 lakhs to Rs.4 lakhs Crores potential. The distribution sector 
as I have told to Nihaarika that our distribution portfolio will be stable to around 30 to 35% 
of our total portfolio over the next 10 to 15 years because distribution sector will require 
continuous upgradation of its infrastructure, so it is excluding distribution sector. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Okay, sure sir. Sir last question. Last year, we did a disbursement of around Rs. 97,000 
Crores. So what is the outlook for the current year? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Going forward, the trend that in the first quarter itself we have crossed Rs. 34,000 Crores 
and as on date as we are speaking, our total disbursement stands around Rs. 53,000 Crores. 
If this trend continues, we should be touching about Rs. 1,50,000 Crores in the current 
financial year. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Okay sure sir. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Good morning Sir. Congratulations on good set of numbers. My question are two fold, 
number one if you can tell us more about the competitive environment in a traditional set of 
business. Are we seeing any increased competition from banks and so if you can highlight 
more about that then are you seeing some kind of yield pressure on account of that, given 
that the sector itself is seeing some improvement. Second question, if you can highlight 
more about the structural changes that you are doing on account of lending to non-power 
segments so is it that you are doing anything different in terms of underwriting there, how 
do you get some comfort around that underwriting process? Thank you. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Let me first address about this competitive environment. With regard to renewable energy 
projects there is lot of competition there, I fully agree that is why our margins are going to 
be lower in renewable energy segment. We have competition from banks and other financial 
institutions also, but one advantage that REC has over the banks is that we give longer tenor 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 23 
loans. We can give 10 years, it could be 15, 20 years also. The banks normally give shorter 
tenor loans and with the introduction of renewable energy into the grid, the flexible 
operation of coal based thermal power plants would become very important actually. Right 
now technical minimum for coal based power plant is about 55% and going forward with 
more injuction of renewable energy into the grid, we might have to operate coal based 
thermal power plant toward 40% of PLF. That will require investment for traditional coal 
based power plant also for enabling their flexible operations. There, banks are not 
comfortable to finance these coal based thermal power plants because they are not trained or 
they do not have experience of this kind of flexible operations where we see a huge 
potential, we will be able to finance these coal based thermal power plants also. With regard 
to structural changes, we are targeting that our non-power infrastructure logistic sector will 
be about 1/3rd of our total loan book. Right now our total loan book is about Rs. 4,54,000 
Crores and right now the share of this infrastructure, non-power infrastructure is very small 
only 1% but going forward its share is definitely going to increase. It may not reach 30% in 
the near future, but by the end of 2030, when we are targeting to take our total loan book 
size to about Rs.10 lakh Crores at that time, 30% would be coming from renewable energy 
segment, 30% will be coming from non-power infrastructure and logistics sector. Our 
Director (Finance) would like to add. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
About the structural changes last year, we generally sanctioned mostly the government 
projects backed by the government guarantees. So as we get more hold on the space, we 
should be financing private sector projects as well and we are also in the process of 
engaging good consultants to support us in appraisal in our business development and 
monitoring of these projects. That is the kind of approach we are taking. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: We are in the process of finalising, roping in and bringing on board the high quality 
professionals and experts from road and highway sector, railways, airports, ports, IT 
infrastructure, we will have a strong professional team to appraise this non-power 
infrastructure and logistic sector. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Got it. Thank you, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Saket Yadav from India Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Yadav: 
Good morning Sir. Thank you so much. Sir first congratulations on fantastic set of numbers 
and I also wanted to thank the management for laying out clear sort of path ahead that the 
company plans take with regards to increase in the share of renewables and also the path on 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 23 
how to company plans its net NPA for the next two years. I had a related question on the net 
NPA guidance as MD sir has just mentioned that we are planning to resolve nine projects 
this year which total amount about a billion dollar. Sir if you can give more granular colour 
around those nine projects and how things have moved, because in first quarter I think no 
resolutions came through so we are anticipating those nine projects will be resolved in the 
next nine months. Sir if you can share some more colour that would be very helpful that is 
my first question. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Some projects we are in advance stage of resolution. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
So out of the total NPA amount Rs.14000 Crores, we are targeting close to Rs.7500 Crores 
projects in this year for resolution. This includes projects like Dans energy wherein there 
are three lenders who have already approved the resolution plan and that resolution plan 
will be implemented within the second quarter and this was targeted in current quarter. TRN 
Energy and Classic Global, both are expected to resolve during the current quarter itself. 
Then we have few more projects lined up for resolution, Meenakshi Energy is one where we 
got resolution plan under the IBC process and that resolution plan now stands approved by 
the NCLT. This will also be implemented within the next three months of time and then that 
resolution we are expecting in Q3, that will be settled. Another one is Lanco Amarkantak, 
there you will be aware that REC, PFC, SJVN and DVC consortium has bided and won this 
particular asset and this resolution plan approved by the COC is currently under approval 
process of NCLT and we are expecting this approval to come very soon and this again we 
are targeting for resolution in the Q3 that is next quarter. Badhreshwar Vidyut is another 
project when EOIs have been received. Plans were received but the value was not up to the 
mark so we had gone for rebidding and we are hoping that will get better resolution plan 
this time, that again the whole process likely to be completed within Q3. So, these are the 
major projects lined up for resolution during the current financial year. 
Saket Yadav: 
Thank you so much for those details. Sir my second question is around margins. I think 
Ajoy sir had mentioned that we are targeting to take the NIM up to 3.5% over a period of 
time so my understanding is some of the rate hikes that you have taken last year the effect 
of that will be visible as we go along, if you can give some clarity as to what is the timeline 
around this, we are currently at 3.3. Are we hoping to touch 3.5 say three to four quarters 
time if management can give some guidance around that that would be helpful? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: We are targeting NIM of around 3.5 by the end of this year, so that is what we are targeting 
at, so the rate hikes which have taken place during the previous year and also one in this 
year itself that should have effect on our reset of loans as we progress along, so there we 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 23 
hope that our margins would slightly go up. Margin is one thing but we are also very 
conscious about asset quality so both will go hand in hand so we think that going forward as 
I said our spread will be around 2.5 and we are targeting a NIM of 3.5 that is what we are 
looking at. 
Saket Yadav: 
Thank you for that and just one final question from my side is around hedging, so earlier 
team had mentioned that 95% of cash outflows are hedged. In the past, due to currency 
movement there has been some volatility in the P&L side, so just wanted to reconfirm that 
apart from those costs that we incur on a quarterly basis, those are absolutely noncash basis. 
Is that understanding correct? 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Virtually we are paying the premium which is already accounted for on quarterly basis and 
normally the premium payment is either upfront in case of this seagull options and in case 
of call spread, it is on quarterly basis, so premium is already accounted for in the profit and 
loss account so as such there is no impact over and above that in the financials. This 91 to 
95% is already hedged, so both the coupon as well as the principal are hedged, so it is not 
going to affect in any way adversely the profit and loss account over and above the 
premium which we are paying which is already accounted for in the profit and loss account. 
Saket Yadav: 
Understood. In the past there are some impact because of MTM on derivative contracts but 
should not affect P&L going ahead. Is that understanding correct? Previously there used to 
be some impact because of currency movement or as some of these contracts were mark to 
market. So just wanted to clarify that? 
Sanjay Kumar: 
If they are hedged and it is not going to affect the profit and loss account, it is only the 
Other Comprehensive Income. The PAT is not in any way impacted by that for any of the 
MTM movement which are there. Actually up to last year the percentage hedge portion was 
about 60%. So this year it is not going to affect adversely the profit and loss account in the 
coming periods. 
Saket Yadav: 
Understood. Thank you so much for that clarity that just wanted to understand. So the last 
year it moved from 50 to 91 so that that impact has already taken care of. Thank you so 
much for the clarification. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Jigar Jani from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Jani: 
Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
Sir. Just two questions, one you mentioned about RDSS now this RDSS disbursements 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 23 
earlier I think you were guiding for end of FY2024 for them to start. So just wanted to get a 
sense as to when these disbursements will start and what would be the quantum of 
disbursements we are envisaging under this scheme for FY2024 and FY2025 and the 
second question is for your guidance of Rs.10 lakhs Crores of loan book by FY2030 that if I 
just back calculate that ends to about a 12% growth in AUM so is that kind of a 
conservative guidance as of now because considering the traction and the amount of hope 
that we have on the renewable side and the infra side, is this is a more conservative 
guidance from your end because the growth does not look to be very high based on the 
scope and the opportunity that we have. Those are my two questions. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Government of India grant is about Rs.97,000 Crores. The FY2023 disbursement figure 
stood around Rs. 6000 Crores and in FY2024 disbursement will increase to about 15 to Rs. 
20 thousand Crores only because you will have to appreciate that most of the DISCOMS are 
in the process of awarding this loss reduction work and prepaid smart metering. Only about 
20% of work has been awarded, 80% of the work is yet to be awarded. They are in the 
advanced stages of finalization of the tender, some negotiations are going on. We hope that 
by the end of October all this contracts will be awarded. Thereafter works will pick up. So 
most of the disbursement is likely to happen in FY2025 and FY2026. FY2025 we are 
targeting that about more than Rs. 40,000 Crores would be disbursed and FY2026 
remaining about Rs. 40,000 Crores would be disbursed. With regard to our total outstanding 
loan portfolio of about Rs. 10 lakh Crores by the year 2030, it appears to be really 
conservative actually, but after this result of Q1 now we are in the process of revising this 
figure actually. We will have to increase this target, perhaps we will be able to reach this 
Rs. 10 lakh Crores outstanding loan book size in the year 2027-28 itself. So instead 7 years, 
we might achieve this target in next 5 years itself. And our Director (Technical) would like 
to supplement. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
Under RDSS, there are two components. One is of course loss reduction, which actually we 
are talking about. There is another very important component of installation of smart 
metering and that component is actually being implemented essentially by the private sector 
players and the total outlay is Rs. 150,000 Crores. So the numbers that our chairman sir 
gave is about disbursement happening towards loss reduction to the Discoms. They are the 
implementing agency for loss direction programmes. But for the smart meter 
implementation programme you may be aware that only 900 per meter grant is coming from 
the Government of India and remaining investment is being made by the private entities 
which are called Advanced Metering Infrastructure Service Providers. So there is also a 
financing opportunity of close to Rs. 1,50,000 Crores under PMI scheme smart meters 
solution under the RDSS. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 23 
Jigar Jani: 
Yes. So just clarification on this, so we would not be financing this smart metering part of 
it, we will be financing cost reduction part of it. Is my understanding correct? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Let me clarify. The DISCOMS have to pass this result evaluation framework (REF) 
evaluation they have to clear, only then they are eligible to get Government of India grant. 
Some of them say they have to score 60 out of 100 evaluation mark. Some of the states have 
secured about 56 mark, 57 mark that just short of scoring more than 60% mark so that will 
require bridge financing from REC and PFC. So we will be doing bridge financing to those 
states which are just about to yet to clear the REF, they may clear this REF evaluation next 
year, some bridge financing would be required for that also. For both loss reduction as well 
as for prepaid smart meter the financing requirement would be there. Total outlay for the 
RAF including prepaid smart meters is Rs.3 lakhs Crores and Rs. 97000 Crores only is 
being given by Government of India’s grant, the remaining Rs. 2 lakh Crores some portion 
10% or 20% will come from the state government, remaining about Rs.180000 Crores will 
come from the financing from REC and PFC only. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay great sir. Thank you so much for the clarification and lastly for this year considering 
we have had very strong growth, we could anticipate north of say 16%, 17% kind of full 
year growth for this year in terms of loan book? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: It is our ambition. 
Jigar Jani: 
Thank you so much for answering my questions and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from 
Sumangal Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So sir my question is regarding your slide #17 list of 
your major borrowers, they are all state DISCOMS. So these loans, do we have any security 
against this lending or these are unsecured lending? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: We do have a state government guarantee pertaining to certain components. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
So we are doing essentially all our project financing. So there are underlying project assets 
as part of security. There are other collaterals also, so hypothecation of all entire assets, 
mortgage, standard security packages are there in all cases of project financing. This 
security structure is in place. In addition to that if I just have to give you some sense about 
additional collateral that we are taking, I think out of 454,000 we have roughly 41% of our 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 23 
financing is backed by the government guarantee. So, that is the additional collateral in 
addition to the project assets that are available as security to us. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
No, but sir in the majority of them are DISCOMS so what type of assets they can offer as 
collateral when I read the list, most of them are DISCOM companies. 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
DISCOMS also, all the assets that are created out of our financing all those assets are 
actually mortgaged or hypothecated to us and of course there are for distribution companies,  
there is some financing related to non-capex but almost entire non-capex financing which 
does not have underlying asset is backed by the government guarantee. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Okay, so if I summarise, so 40% of these loans are guaranteed by state governments over 
and above the securities which is at the project level, is that understanding correct? 
Vijay Kumar Singh: 
That is correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Arjun Bhatia from Bowhead 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Can you just repeat the disbursement target that you gave for 
this year just to confirm? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Yes Arjun the disbursement target I had mentioned in Q1 we have achieved Rs. 34,000 
Crores and as we are speaking today, our disbursement have touched Rs.53,000 Crores. We 
are expecting that our disbursement would be to the tune of about Rs. 150,000 Crores in the 
current financial year. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Rs.150000 Crores? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Yes. 
Arjun Bhatia: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Satinder Singh Bedi from Eon 
Infotech Investments. Please go ahead. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers and also for the investor outreach activities that 
you stepped up. Sir my question on this loan book only. So you given a long term outlook 
by 2030, so what would be the indicative outlook for let's say FY2024, FY2025 and 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 23 
FY2026 given that we have the payment of RDSS while the LPS have been tapered off over 
time, so if you could help us understand indicative loan book over these, it will help me. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
So we feel that we can grow safely at a 15% rate in our loan book. This quarter we have 
achieved 20%. Going forward, definitely we can grow at 15% or even more those 
opportunities are huge, but on a conservative basis it will be 15% growth. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Great sir. If I could quickly squeeze that what will be two key challenges or concerns that 
you see as leadership of REC going forward because the results have been very good so 
what are the challenges or concerns that you see? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Right now the outlook for the sector is quite robust and infrastructure where also we are 
seeing a lot of traction, I mean lot of applications and requests for financing. So the 
challenge which might come up is on the margins. So there we have to work on that but as I 
said earlier, the asset quality is of paramount importance to us. So we are prepared to 
sacrifice a bit of margins for better asset quality so that is the only challenge that are 
present. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Another challenge I can foresee is that cost of green hydrogen has to come down 
substantially. So some technological breakthrough could happen in next two to three years 
to bring down the cost of green hydrogen on technology, more improvement is required. 
Similarly, this battery energy storage cost is quite high, that also needs to be brought down. 
Some R&D work is going on and we hope that some solution will come through. When 
solar energy project got started, the cost project of electricity was Rs.16, Rs.17, but now you 
see that cost had come down to Rs. 2.30 per unit of electricity from solar energy. Similar 
technological advancement and technological breakthrough are one of the challenges and 
hopefully all the countries are focusing on digitization some breakthrough will definitely 
happen. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Thank you sir. Very helpful. I got a few other questions I will come back in the queue in 
case needed. 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Thank you Bedi ji. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Venkatesh from Logictree. 
Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh: 
Good morning sir. I have two questions. So one is when we are exploring this large 
opportunity and you laid out a road map for us. What kind of collaboration would there be 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 23 
there with PFC, is that like a unsaid understanding where looking at various projects that 
you will be able to work together with PFC and they have been declared as some sort of a 
nodal agency That is number one. My second question is in terms of human resources at the 
moment PFC, what is our strength in terms of management talent and considering the kind 
of growth plans, do you plan to add more people with different sets of expertise in the next 
year? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Thank you Venkatesh for asking this very pertinent question. Regarding collaboration with 
PFC, this conventional coal based generation, we are having a understanding with PFC. We 
are jointly funding coal based generation project because no other financing agencies are 
coming forward and they still requirement about 51,000 MW capacity is going to come up 
next three to four years with regard to conventional coal based generation. With regard to 
RDSS, Ministry of Power has allocated different states to REC and some states to PFC. 
REC has been allocated 19 states and union territories covering 32 DISCOMS and PFC has 
been allotted 14 states with having total 24 DISCOMS. RDSS will be financing distribution 
sector in state which had been allocated to REC and PFC we will be doing financing fully. 
We have also entered into collaboration with SBI and Punjab National Bank so that we can 
take up large infrastructure projects like we had recently taken up Hindustan Petroleum 
refinery projects in Barmer where total financing requirement was more than Rs. 45,000 
Crores. They have joined and PFC is also one of the lenders there. We are also financing 
this steel sector projects in Odisha, Jindal Steel. There also we have joined hand with SBI. 
We are in the process of forming collaboration with Punjab National Bank, Bank of Baroda, 
Canara Bank also to finance large scale projects and with regard to taking experts onboard, 
we are in the process of finalizing and taking high quality professionals and experts from 
road and highways, railways, ports, airports and IT infrastructure related. We will have 
sufficient number of competent professional experts to appraise this non-power 
infrastructure projects and will also help us in monitoring those projects. 
Venkatesh: 
So first of all, I appreciate your answers that across the board there is great clarity and the 
way you are going about it in granules, it is very refreshing to listen to you. So thank you so 
much and just one minor accounting question. Currently what is our total manpower 
resources at REC and with increased management talent how much would that be over the 
next say 2 to 3 year? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Total manpower strength is 430. We are in the process of recruiting 125 new officials at 
different levels, some lateral entry is also taking place and we are in the process of 
finalizing about 28 sector experts on non-power infrastructure sector. Total manpower 
strength will go up to about 550 or 560 in next three to four months. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Venkatesh: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. Really a pleasure talking to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question which is from the line of Nihaarika from 
Aequiitas Investment. Please go ahead. 
Nihaarika: 
Thank you for the followup question. Sir this is regarding like we discussed it almost 91% 
of our exposure is hedged and the major of it should come to OCI and not in P&L but then 
there is a element of say Rs.250 Crores even this quarter which has come at Net Gains on 
Fair Value Changes. So what exactly is this is like some level for interest rate like LIBOR 
or EURIBOR or some other benchmark-linked and that is why this is sitting in the P&L? 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Actually the fair value changes which is there, this is virtually some of the INR loan that we 
have swapped to JPY and Euro. There is a substantial margin of about 2.5% that is available 
to us and since we did JPY at the level of about 71. Now it has come down to about 58, so 
we are gaining in the currency also there. So these are the fair value changes which are 
favorable to REC as such and going forward also these are likely to favorable, it is only 
around Rs. 5000 Crores, Rs.2500 Crores against JPY and Rs.2500 Crores against Euro. So 
these are the fair value changes only in respect of that giving the additional benefit to us by 
way of reduction in the interest rate. 
Nihaarika: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you and my second question will be like we are looking for more 
like better asset quality and probably lesser margins, so how do we plan to increase on NIM 
to 3.5% considering our loan book is moving toward renewable energy and this thread 
would be like significantly lesser than what we used to get on conventional book? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Yes. You are right, I mean. As our Chairman sir already said that the margins in the 
renewable space is lower because of two reasons one is that yes there is a bit of competition 
out there and secondly because we also are focusing to build our renewable portfolio much 
more than what it is today. So there we have around between 1.5 to 2.5% of margin but in 
the infra space which we are now entering in a quite a big way there the margins are slightly 
better, the margins are around 2.5 to 3% so that will somewhat make up for the lower 
margins in the renewable space and the power sector conventional power also will have a 
place in our portfolio because distribution sector as earlier mentioned that this will need a 
lot of modernization etc., so there a lot of scope will come, there the margins are okay and 
in the transmission sector also a lot of opportunities are likely to come and some 
opportunities will come in the conventional generation stage as well where the margin are 
of course very good so overall as I said our margins we are targeting a 2.5% of spread and 
3.5% of NIM. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Nihaarika: 
Sir the loans which will be extending towards the RDSS they would have a spread of 2 to 
2.5 is it? 
V.K. Singh: 
2.5% yes. Depending on the kind of borrower, ratings, etc so between 2.25 to 2.5. 
Nihaarika: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Satinder Singh Bedi from Eon 
Infotech Investments. Please go ahead. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Sir keeping up from this last question so we are trying to aim for 
2.5 spread and 3.5 NIM and so my issue was that we are currently last quarter we have done 
about 69-70 bps so far as NIM is concerned over the interest spread. Given that our fee 
income etc might actually not be as healthy, we had the benefit of prepayments in the past 
okay so how do we plan to achieve this 100 basis points spread of NIM over the interest 
spread? 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: Bedi ji. Let me clarify that our cost of financing is about 7.25% and renewable energy we 
are getting margin at 2% average cost of financing that we are lending for renewable is 
9.25% with the margin of 2% there and in infrastructure our margins, we are lending from 
9.5 to 10% actually. There our margins are better, it is about 2.5 to 3% and majority of this 
late payment surcharge loans that we had given there we are having good margin that is 
about 2.5 to 3.5% margins are there. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
The incremental cost of funding has also come down inspite of no respite from lowering of 
repo rate or the benchmark rate, we have been able to bring down our cost of funds. The 
incremental cost of funds this year has been at the tune of around 6.85% so this will bring 
down the average cost of funds as well. This has been largely possible due to foreign 
currency borrowing and of course increased borrowing under 54EC bonds so these two are 
helping us to lower the cost of funds. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Okay and is there a ROE goal that we set okay kind of for itself like we have got a very 
healthy return on net worth as of as of date okay but is there a ROE goal that we work 
towards because normally the investor community does look at that as an important 
parameter while trying to put an intrinsic value to financial institutions and financial 
corporations? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Last three years if you see our ROE has been in the range of 20%. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Vivek Kumar Dewangan: 20 to 21%. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
20 to 21%, so we hope to maintain this in spite of an increased capital base so this 20% we 
will continue to maintain. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Right sir. The only challenge is that we have benefited from a very low credit costs okay 
because we say it has been managed and the conservative provisioning that we have done 
earlier and those benefits might not be available going forward okay so that is one 
challenge, but I think it is a great show and how do we hope to mitigate while you 
mentioned okay so you mentioned that the private sector book will go from 10% to 30% 
over a period of time as we bring more RE into the portfolio okay. Was that understanding 
correct sir and for over what period is that expected to happen? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
That is absolutely right. Going forward because most of the renewable projects are coming 
up in the private sector so our private sector portfolio will definitely increase and also in the 
infrastructure as we get more hold on the space we shall start to lend to good quality 
projects developed by the quality borrowers so there also we see some traction in the private 
sector lending. So it is a fair assessment going forward in the next six to seven years our 
portfolio of the private sector should go up to 30%. 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Key learnings and all our NPAs are in the private sector so that is one potential risk down 
the road. We understand that you are strengthening your evaluation teams okay but any key 
learnings that you hopefully incorporate this time? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
So I would like to clarify this question of NPA. What happened in the past when these 
NPAs happened there were three reasons. One is that the revenue stream was not tied up, 
the PPAs were not in place. The second was of course an external reason where the coal 
blocks were canceled some of the projects whether due to that and thirdly the entities were 
not so strong so we have taken care now on all these aspects, now we do not finance unless 
there is a revenue stream already in place. The second is of course entity we are going with 
A-rated borrowers, we are not going with small-time players and that is the reason why you 
see some dip in our margins and thirdly the very strong emphasis we have given on 
monitoring and we have a very strong monitoring framework, particularly in the private 
sector where we engage specialized agencies to monitor on a day-to-day basis in 
conventional space we place these agencies at the site at the project site and they give our 
first stand report on a weekly and monthly basis so these are the changes that we have made 
and we feel that in spite of our lending increasing in the private space, our NPAs will not go 
up. In fact we are targeting a zero level of NPA by the end of 2025. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Satinder Singh Bedi: 
Right sir. Thank you I think that is very reassuring because that as we model now the future 
growth okay that is one concern that I think will be there with most of the analysts. Okay 
thank you very much. All the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Naga Raja Rao Somanchi from 
Sun Corporate Finance Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Naga Raja Somanchi: 
Yes good morning. My question was basically on NPAs only. Since the team has answered 
most of the questions I just wanted to limit in the last con call if I am right they did mention 
that six quarter straight without any new NPAs. How are the existing portfolio doing sir, 
any concerns in between 60 to 90 day over dues? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Our stage 2 is around $ 182 million and there is a provisional coverage of 2.26%, but let me 
tell you that there are generally small cash cap that exists with the utilities or in the 
government sector where procedural delay takes place. So we have seen that because of 
procedures we are having this stage two assets for a long time but they have not resulted 
into NPAs because these are largely from the government sector where there are delays as I 
said are procedural or because of for a very limited period of cash flow mismatch that is the 
only reason. 
Naga Raja Somanchi: 
You did mention these are mostly from government sector you are saying, correct sir? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Mostly from the government sector. 
Naga Raja Somanchi: 
Okay. Thanks for taking my call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Venkatesh from Logictree. 
Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh: 
Just a quick follow-up question sir. You had mentioned that we are targeting NIM in the 
range of 3 to 3.5% over a period of time considering that we are in that line of business over 
a four year, five year period what is the net NPA target that you are keeping as most optimal 
for us sir? 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
Yes. As I already clarified, we are targeting that by the end of 2025, our net NPA will 
become zero. 
Venkatesh: 
Okay great sir. thank you very much. 

 
 
 
REC Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jai an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Jai: 
I heard that you said that most of your loans are on three year reset so just wanted to check 
if you intent to continue in this pattern or you think because it looks like that most of the 
banks or other lenders are on one year reset maximum so is there any plan to change that 
and does this make sense from risk management perspective because there is an interest rate 
risk involved? Thank you. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
So we have already stated that we have already changed this three reset arrangement, now 
all our loans fresh sanctions which we are giving are on one year reset so earlier our three 
year reset loan book was almost 95% which has come down to 80 and going forward they 
will all be on one year reset. It will take a while of course. 
V.K. Singh: 
We have given option also to convert three years to one year. 
Ajoy Choudhury: 
We have also given option to many of the borrowers to convert their loans from three years 
to one year reset and some of them have opted for it so let's see but in going forward all our 
loans will be on one year reset only. 
Jai: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi for closing comments. Over to you. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you Michelle. I would like to thank all the participants for being part of the call. A 
special thanks to the REC management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. Thank 
you all and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentleman on behalf of Equirus 
Securities that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
