 
 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE 
 
Date: August 04, 2023 
 
To 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 
400051 
 
 
To 
 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited, Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference call held on July 31, 2023  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Monday, 31st July, 2023 to discuss the unaudited financial results 
of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2023.  
   
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
Joshit Ranjan Sikidar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A32442 
 
 
 
 
 
JOSHIT 
RANJAN 
SIKIDAR
Digitally signed by JOSHIT RANJAN SIKIDAR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=122018, st=HARYANA, 
street=GURGAON, l=GURGAON, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=a7341c8b3a94730d7515ba384a665f0706
5667e10e81397c7fa15b95b3985d59, 
pseudonym=a718b3fde7b949849aca05df78f92a25, 
2.5.4.20=a110b559e78a30ec8b43e559afb6a6e3f072684
5ed796aed6dc03f71b385d03f, 
email=JRSIKIDAR@GMAIL.COM, cn=JOSHIT RANJAN 
SIKIDAR 
Date: 2023.08.04 13:50:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
  
“RITES Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL MITHAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – RITES LIMITED 
MR. B.P NAYAK – DIRECTOR OF FINANCE – RITES 
LIMITED 
MR. A.K SINGH – DIRECTOR PROJECTS – RITES LIMITED 
DR. DEEPAK TRIPATHI – DIRECTOR TECHNICAL – RITES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
188039/2023/P&C
215

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the RITES Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Securities Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara 
Securities, we welcome you all for Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
of RITES Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome the management 
of RITES Limited represented by Shri. Rahul Mithal, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Shri. B P Nayak, Director Finance; Shri. A K Singh, 
Director Project; and Dr. Deepak Tripathi, Director Technical. We will 
begin the brief overview by the management followed by a Q&A 
session. 
I will now hand over the call to Rahul, sir, for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning, everyone. Let me start with the safe harbour statement. 
The presentation and the press release, which we have uploaded on 
stock exchanges and our website on Friday, and all discussions during 
the call today may have some forward-looking statements. These 
statements consider the environment we see as of today and obviously 
carry a risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results 
could be different and we do not undertake to update those statements 
periodically. 
Let me give you a brief overview of the Q1 results.  Let's start with 
breaking down the results of Q1. When we started this FY, our strategy 
was to minimize the impact of two challenges, one was our export 
stream revenue; and the other was the changed dynamics in the QA, 
that is the inspection stream of business, and both streams had an 
188039/2023/P&C
216

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
impact. The export stream had an YoY impact of about INR16 crores on 
our profit. The inspection stream of business had an impact of about 
INR10 crores on our profit YoY. In the inspection stream, we built up on 
our new client base, and we also rationalized the cost to minimize the 
impact to the extent possible. 
As a strategy, we aggressively pursued efforts on expediting the high-
margin project consultancy orders to minimize the impact to the extent 
possible, and the domestic project consultancy (excluding QA) revenues 
showed a 10% year-on-year growth. We could sustain the margins in 
the overall consultancy at about 44%. And this, along with an increased 
profit of about INR10 crores in our subsidiary REMCL could minimize 
the impact to a drop of about INR19 crores in the EBITDA, while still 
being able to maintain our core EBITDA margins at 29.6%, and PAT 
margins of about 21%. 
So with this broad overview of the Q1 performance, I leave the floor 
open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from 
Whitestone Financial Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Dixit Doshi: 
My first question is regarding the export business. So in the 
presentation, we have mentioned the export order book of INR56 
crores, but I assume that we have received 2 orders of 1 Zimbabwe for 
around INR850 crores and Mozambique, around INR500 crores. So 
broadly, what is the order book, as of today if you can elaborate? And 
also, the execution timeline and by when this will start flowing into the 
revenue, how much time the designing phase will take if you can explain 
a bit? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So our order books at exports stands at INR56 crores. As far as the NRZ, 
National Railway of Zimbabwe order is concerned, this was an 
agreement signed between RITES and NRZ during the IndoAfrican CII 
Conference a few months back. And that had a condition, as we declared 
to the stock exchange that the formal LOA will get released on approvals 
of their requisite funding. So that's why we are not counting it in the 
188039/2023/P&C
217

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
order book, as of now. We are hopeful that the project should fructify 
soon. 
As far as the Mozambique order is concerned, this was a global tender. 
For 10 locomotives, there was a separate tender, and there was a 
separate tender for 300 wagons. Both were global tenders, and we have 
emerged L1 in both of them. So as a mention of good practice, we 
declared it to the stock exchange with a clear clarification that, the CFM 
would follow the due process of finalizing the order. So, we are hopeful 
that they fructify into finite orders in the coming months. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. So is it fair to assume that Mozambique revenue will start flowing 
in from FY '25 and Zimbabwe by when you expect the funding to get 
sorted out? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So as far as Mozambique is concerned, we haven't still got the order, so 
I wouldn't like to speculate on when and what time frame. We are 
hopeful that this gets converted into a finite order. And as far as 
Zimbabwe is concerned, we are in touch with them. They have started, 
and they are also very keen. They are aggressively following the due 
process of getting the necessary funding approval. So again, it would not 
be fair for me to speculate on time frame. But I can only say, the efforts, 
that I've been mentioning in the past investors calls, have seen 
movements in the positive direction in both these areas. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And one last question. So any more orders or bidding in pipeline 
for exports? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. We have bid across a number of countries, number of types of 
rolling stock, and we'll keep you apprised, as some developments 
happen. But this much I can assure you that we are bidding and entering 
into MOUs and agreements across countries, including global tenders 
for different types of rolling stock, so as to minimize the impact of this 
stream of revenue, which you've been seeing for the past few quarters, 
which is depressing the entire overall bottom line and top line. 
 
188039/2023/P&C
218

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta: from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, congratulations on the export wins. Just to dwell upon the margins, 
will it be similar to what we've been doing in terms of the exports in FY 
'22? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see, again, I would not like to speculate or I would not call them 
wins right now. They are movements in the positive direction, as I 
clarified in my previous question. And as far as margins are concerned 
in Expotech, obviously, as more and more, these are becoming 
competitive tenders, it will be tough to maintain margins at the levels, 
which have been earlier. But the aim will be to try and keep an overall 
margin as safe as possible by focusing on other streams of revenue, like, 
as I mentioned at the outset, my project consultancy revenue, which also 
has been able to maintain a margin of 44%. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, sir. And sir, secondly, in terms of any guidance for FY '25, if you 
could want to highlight something on that front? 
Rahul Mithal: 
The guidance is that we've to make up for the lost ground, as I 
mentioned in the opening comments on both side streams of revenue 
and try and secure the margins to as close as possible at the trends, 
which have been. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
My question was on similar lines, like based on current order books what 
are you expecting in FY '24? How will your revenues and margin shape 
up, sir, I think if you want to elaborate more what steps are you taking 
in order to ensure good growth? 
Rahul Mithal: 
As you see our current order book, as of 30th June is INR5,700 crores, 
which is about INR2,700 crores in consultancy, INR2,700 crores in 
turnkey, only INR50 crores in Expotech, INR150 crores in leasing and 
about INR100 crores in REMCL. So the focusis on to get some finite 
orders in Expotech that they start contributing to revenue by the latter 
part of the FY; two, to be able to blunt the impact of the QA, where the 
188039/2023/P&C
219

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
new rate, which has started cutting in for the railway inspection is about 
1/5 of the earlier rate, and this impacts about 60% of our QA stream of 
business. 
So, to be able to garner more clients, we can fill up this lost ground and 
continue focusing on getting more orders in project consultancy and 
expediting the execution of the existing orders. With that, I think being 
a bottom line-driven company rather than a top line-driven company, 
we would aim to recover lost ground from both these schemes of 
revenue, which are good contributors to the bottom line, and also 
maintain margins to the extent possible. Like Q1, we have still been still 
to keep the margins in the past trend, our EBITDA margins at 29.6% and 
our PAT margins at about 21%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
Sir, my question is about your MOU with DNV. Can you throw some 
more light on that? Like how is going to be benefiting us in terms of 
growth, in terms of profit top line? If you can give some more colour on 
that about this MOU you sign with DNV? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, for sure. As I mentioned at the outset, we are trying to tap as many 
new streams of revenue in the QA business to recover the lost ground, 
which is quite a substantial impact. And while exploring new clients, 
we've also got the certification for an independent safety assessment, 
the ISA certification. And with that and with others trying to tap various 
domestic and international opportunities for QA. DNV, as you're aware, 
is a reputed international inspecting agency headquartered in Norway 
and spread across more than 100 countries, including operations in 
India. So, we will be complementing each other’s strength and 
geographies to try and explore more possible opportunities in the QA 
business. 
Viraj: 
Any quantification in terms of numbers possible right now? Or it's too 
early, right? 
Rahul Mithal: 
It's too premature right now. 
188039/2023/P&C
220

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Venkatesh Subramanian from 
LogicTree Investment Advisors Private Limited. 
Venkatesh Subramanian: 
Yes. Sir, my question is two-pronged. One is with respect to the 
project -- the PMC business, you said, you have an order book of 
INR2,700 crores out of the overall order book of INR5,700 crores, and 
there's a focus on Expotech. So, 12 months to 18 months down the line, 
what percentage of your order book would you target, as to be part of 
exports? 
And second thing is other streams of revenue that you think you're 
looking at, what would that comprise of? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Our core strategy is that we are a niche consultancy company, and we 
have been aiming that our consultancy revenue is aimed to be above 
50%. And I must say that this was the first quarter after many quarters, 
where the contribution of the consultancy stream of revenue to our 
total revenue was 53%. So, this is in line with our direction and vision 
moving forward. And we would like to continuously grow on this trend. 
The export, as I have mentioned, its contribution has been decreasing 
over the last quarter because there were no fresh orders. We were 
executing the old order. As we get some new orders in the coming 
quarter, the effort will be to get back the export contribution to a 
substantial amount and replace the turnkey contribution, which 
normally will be kept in the range of about 25-odd percent of the total 
pie. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
Investments. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Sir, I just wanted to know, if you can elaborate in terms of collaboration 
with DNV, as well as IRFC, if you can throw some light on it, sir? These 
are the 2 questions. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning, Parimal. So IRFC, as you are aware, has been there for 
many years and doing a lot of investments in the railway area. And we 
188039/2023/P&C
221

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
thought that both IRFC and RITES have lot of strength and which can 
complement each other. Our collaboration will be for doing the due 
diligence for them for their investment proposals. And they're looking at 
us for the prospective areas, where they can look for investments of 
their funds. 
As far as IRFC is concerned, this is in line with the recent MOU, which 
we signed with PFC. So, both major funding PSUs, felt  the strength of 
RITES for doing due diligence for them and we are  looking at them for 
giving us opportunities for their investment due diligence. 
DNV, as I mentioned shortly, is an international reputed inspection 
agency.  In our bid to aggressively make up for the lost ground and 
minimize the impact on the new orders after the rate cuts in inspection, 
we are partnering with them to explore new clients and new 
geographies. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal: from Axis 
Securities Limited. 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: Sir, currently, we have turnkey order book of around INR2,695. What is 
the timeline for execution of these turnkey projects? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Each project varies. Our experience shows that turnkey projects, based 
on their execution on an average, some could be about 2 years, or some 
could be about 3 years, 3.5 years. But an average turnkey project takes 
about 3 years to be executed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta: from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Once these export orders translate into firm orders, what would be the 
time line for completion of those projects? Would it be 2 years, 2.5 
years? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, you see, in general, the Different types of export of rolling stock take 
different time frames. There are locomotives, DMUs, coaches and 
wagons. By nature, wagons take the least amount of time, and the 
maximum amount of time is normally taken by a locomotive and 
188039/2023/P&C
222

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
sometimes by DMU because the DMU consists of 8 to 10 coaches 
together and the whole has to be exported in one go. So, the time frame 
could vary starting from wagons for about 9 months to 12 months and   
about 2 years to 2.5 years on the extreme side for the higher end rolling 
stock. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question. That is from the line of Viraj from 
Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
you talked about the lost ground in terms of export and QA business. 
Are we setting any targets, year-to-year for this to achieve, and if you 
can throw some light on that, like in some number? 
Rahul Mithal: 
If you see the contribution of export and QA business for the last 2 FYs, 
that is '21-22 and 22-23, where post COVID, will give you an idea of the 
QA average stream of business, what was the revenue, and what we'd 
like to come back to. The QA business has been giving a revenue of 
INR300 crores plus normally. 
And the export stream of revenue, if you even out, has Rs. 500 crore to 
Rs. 600 cr. It has given us revenue in some quarters, the aim is that going 
forward, the consultancy should contribute to the overall revenue by at 
least 50% and as the export revenue grows up, turnkey should be limited 
to about 25-odd percent. that's the overall target. Now moving forward, 
we would like the export business to develop. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Venkatesh Subramanian: from 
LogicTree Investment Advisors. 
Venkatesh Subramanian: 
Sir, my question was on DNV. Since you said they have a huge 
presence, and we want to explore working with the macro geographies, 
which means that if there are other infrastructure sectors in the country, 
other projects that require certification, safety, quality, etcetera, RITES 
would be keen to collaborate on that front as well? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. We are doing inspection across verticals, across projects. As I 
mentioned that the railway inspection business accounts for roughly 
188039/2023/P&C
223

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
about, which has got impacted by these new orders, 60% of my total QA 
pie. We would like to grow the other portion, the other clients both 
domestic and international, so that, we recover lost ground, for which 
the current rates are about 1/5 of the earlier rate for the railway 
inspection. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, could you please help us with the debt and the cash numbers? 
Rahul Mithal: 
The cash balance is about INR 900 crores.  The exact figure is INR 836 
crore, and client funds are separate. We don't count them in cash 
balance. Client funds as of Q1 is about INR 2,500 crores. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So INR836 crores is our own cash. 
Rahul Mithal: 
INR836 crores is our own cash. We don't count the client fund in our 
cash balance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
Investments. 
Parimal Mithani: 
Sir, the MOU with PFC, you will be on a consultancy business, is it safe 
to assume that, sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, for sure. Both with PFC and IRFC, this is a mutual win-win situation 
for both of them and RITES. We would be doing consultancy for their 
possible investments in various areas of infrastructure. And since we 
have the wherewithal to do consultancy across infrastructure sectors, 
we would be doing that for them. And they would be looking at tapping 
opportunities through us for being able to invest their finances in various 
areas of infrastructure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
Sir, this is regarding the last question only. You talked about QA of 
INR300 crores, any export numbers we would like to put as a target, if 
you can share that? 
188039/2023/P&C
224

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, you see the export orders as they mature have different lead times. 
And as I mentioned and explained in detail, depending on the type of 
rolling stock, it varies anything from 9 months to 12 months to about 2 
years, 2.5 years. So the aim is to  have a steady flow, and that is only 
possible if you have 2-3 orders in hand rather than see cyclical booking 
of revenue because in export scheme, you can only book the revenue 
when the shipment actually is shipped out The aim is to have a steady 
stream of revenue down the FY over quarter-on-quarter basis rather 
than the fluctuating revenue. And as we grow on that, the aim would be 
that exports will replace, as I explained some time back, the turnkey 
segment of revenue, which we'd like to limit it to 25%. 
Viraj: 
Any target in ticket size of the export orders or any one ticket size, we 
will be looking, as export order then? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Okay. Let me clarify again. As I mentioned, about export they are not 
finite orders right now, and we are only hopeful that they get converted 
into finite orders in the coming months. Parallelly, we have also bid for 
a number of opportunities and global tenders across continents. We are 
hopeful that they will be finalized in the coming months.  Our effort is 
to minimize the lead time, so that at least by end of the FY some revenue 
starts flowing in, in the export stream of revenue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors Private Limited. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Sir, one clarification. You mentioned about the QA revenue, the 60% 
impact on our annualized revenue, so the price has been reduced or the 
order has been given to someone else? 
Rahul Mithal: 
No.  Few months back, railways floated a tender and they divided the 
entire QA business between 4 players, and RITES is one of the 4 players. 
And in that tender, there is a slabs of fee rate for the different slabs of 
the orders. If you translate it to an average, the reduction in the rates is 
about 1/5 of the rate at which inspection was being done earlier. So, 
there is an impact in terms of being one of the 4 players. So that impact 
on the top line. And there is further impact that the rate of inspection is 
188039/2023/P&C
225

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
about 1/5, so that has also compounded the impact and it doubled the 
impact, which is affecting 60-odd percent of my QA business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis 
Securities Limited. 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: Sir, what is our capex guidance for FY '24 and '25? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Traditionally the pattern, which you've seen for the last few years, we 
are a low capex company, doing about INR100 to INR125 crores capex. 
We are not a high capex company. We are a consultancy company, and 
that's the trend that is going to remain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj: 
Any guidance on REMCL, any thoughts on that? 
Rahul Mithal: 
REMCL performed extremely well in this quarter. The revenue grew 
quarter-on-quarter from INR28 crores last year to INR43 crores. The 
profit grew by about INR10 crores. And we could declare a dividend of 
about INR21 crores, that is 90% of the profit. The PAT was about INR24 
crores.  REMCL has been showing steady growth. Now it's a debt-free 
company., which it became last FY. It has been declaring very high 
dividend. So REMCL, moving forward is going to definitely grow. I see 
this good trend going on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors Private Limited. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Sir, in export segment, you mentioned that we are participating in a 
number of global tenders. Any rough idea you can give that how many 
tenders -- how much value of tenders we have participated and awaiting 
the results? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I think, that would be speculative. I can only say that let some clarity 
emerge, as they get finalized. or at least they start getting open. That 
would be a better stage to apprise. And let's be assured, in terms of 
188039/2023/P&C
226

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
transparency, when any major development happens, with all due 
clarifications, we'll definitely declare it to the stock exchange. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And in terms of consultancy, what are the major projects or 
opportunities we see in, let's say, next 9 months to 12 months from 
where the orders can come? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see in consultancy, as I mentioned, we have reaffirmed our core 
strength and built up on a strong base. This quarter itself, we got about 
70 orders totalling to more than INR300 crores, out of that about 60-
plus are for consultancy. And the consultancy contribution has been 
53% of my total revenue. 
The kind of orders, which we have got, just to give you a few examples, 
we've got the Hyderabad airport line Metro consultancy: the DPR for 
the Chandigarh Metro, expansion of the Gurgaon Metro–and city 
mobility plan for the Kolkata City. We have also got a number of 
ropeway orders for about INR10 crores. Additionally have got 4 
different semi-high speed survey orders from railways totalling to about 
INR34 crores. We've got sustainability orders covering Swachh Bharat 
Mission 2.0 from MoHUA, apart from orders in clean air pollution, and 
solid waste management. 
So, the point, I'm trying to underscore is that if you see the flavour of 
the orders, they Our range of orders are across sectors states, ministries, 
and all the orders that I mentioned are on the competitive mode. Moving 
forward, we are confident that we will be able to maintain this trend and 
leverage our strength and tap on the high capex allocation during this 
budget across sectors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, as far as consultancy is concerned, can station redevelopment be a 
big opportunity for us. And secondly, what's the status of our 
investments in IRSDC? 
188039/2023/P&C
227

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Rahul Mithal: 
To answer your second question first, IRSDC, we had a share of 24%. all 
due processes are being followed in its closure. We don't expect to take 
any hit from that. All due diligence is being done and it is following due 
process for closure. 
As far as opportunity in station development is concerned, in the last 
few months, we got an order for the Kollam station development in a 
turnkey mode. We are doing the Ayodhya station and the Varanasi 
station, 2 iconic projects. Parallelly, we are doing the PMC for various 
stations. We've also got the consultancy order for the Somnath station. 
So moving forward, this is an opportunity. Our focus on station 
development will be on consultancy, but periodically, we may take some 
orders on the EPC mode also, but that would be limited. Within the 
overall pie of limiting our turnkey revenue to not more than 25%. But in 
terms of PMC in various station development projects across Zonal 
Railways, we would be definitely bidding, and we are hopeful to get 
some orders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Juptier Financial. 
Viraj: 
what would be your vision on the RITES, 3 years from here? And 
secondly, some thoughts on sustainable business, which is there for 
RITES certainly? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So as far as answering your second question first, in In terms of 
sustainability, we started this vertical last year. We found that we had 
been doing a lot of work in sustainability across our various verticals, 
which was part of the consultancy, let us say, like highway project or a 
metro project or a, building project, etcetera. We grouped these sources, 
tapped into some more resources and formed a dedicated sustainability 
vertical. 
And within few months we have got forays into orders for Swachh 
Bharat Mission, air pollution and solid waste management, etc. So 
moving forward, we see this as a very good opportunity. There are large 
budget allocations from various states and the central government, and 
188039/2023/P&C
228

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
with our experience and our credibility, we will be looking to leverage 
this opportunity. 
As far as vision is concerned, we are clear that we are a niche 
consultancy company, and we would like to reaffirm that. We will move 
in the direction of being the go-to consultancy company, both domestic 
and international and shall continue to grow in that area. 
Viraj: 
Any numbers on that, sir, like for 3 years down the line any targets, 
which you would probably love to achieve it? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I wouldn't like to speculate on numbers, but the aim would be to have a 
healthy growth. We would like to grow in  a healthy manner on  the 
bottom line. and as well in spite of the changed ecosystem, where a 
number of policies have changed and wherein most of the opportunities 
now are on competitive bidding, we are geared up for that. So while the 
margins would be under stress, but we will try to secure and maintain 
the margins. We would like to grow on the trend of investor shareholder 
value, which we've been maintaining in the last few quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Uttam Kumar Srimal from Axis 
Securities Limited. 
Uttam Kumar Srimal: Sir, what was the impact in the quality assurance business in this quarter 
in terms of revenue? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So you see the new orders started cutting in the order. The inspection 
calls, as per the reduced rate started cutting in from this quarter. And 
this impact will only grow, as the old inspection calls as per the old 
inspection rates are now nearly over. This quarter itself, if you compare 
Y-on-Y, the impact on the revenue has been INR15 crores and the 
impact on the profit has been about INR10 crores. So while the new 
rates were cutting in, we parallelly took action to build up on the other 
client base, as well as rationalize some cost, so that the impact could be 
blunted to the extent possible. 
188039/2023/P&C
229

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And sir, just 2 questions from my side. So this is the fourth export order, 
which you got for wagons. So just wanted to understand, since we are 
not going to manufacture these wagons or probably, we have a 
subsidiary called a SAIL-RITES JV, would they be manufacturing wagons 
or it would be given to PSU or the private company? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So you see, first of all, as I clarified, we have not yet got that order. But 
in terms of SAIL-RITES, it has already got an order for wagons from 
Gatex. And we are trying to get some orders in the railway wagons, 
which they are tendering, aiming for about 900 wagons. we are trying 
to build up on that. And moving forward, as we are able to cater to these 
orders, maybe expand and see how SAIL-RITES can cater to export 
orders also. We have a MOU with RDSO approved firm called Jupiter 
Wagons. And whenever we get an order for wagons, we would be 
sourcing wagons from them for export, at least as of now. Till the time 
SAIL-RITES is able to expand its capacity after completing its current 
order book. We are geared up for export. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Securities. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just wanted to get a clarification on the quality assurance business. So 
does it mean, you were earlier doing some inspection work already for 
railways, and RDSO and others, a few agencies were doing other work 
for railway in terms of inspection. Now it is an open-door thing, so, you 
can also bid for something, which you were earlier not doing, and you 
can get that business, as well the price at which you quote. Is that or 
you're only confined still to your domain and where the prices are lower, 
just understanding on that. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Let me clarify. Traditionally, we were doing both railway inspection, and 
we had a number of clients, who were not railway clients. This particular 
tender, which got finalized a few months back is for the railway portion 
of business, where 4 agencies, RITES being one of them, have been fixed 
188039/2023/P&C
230

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
for those products. And there, the rates on an average have come down 
by 1/5 from the earlier rate. 
We would, in any case, while doing that for the railway inspection 
portion would -- to, as I said, to blunt the impact, we would like the 
volume of orders of other clients, which we have that volumes to grow. 
The rates based on quantum or the scope of inspection are decided on 
a client-to-client basis. That is being done even today.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just another question on how you look at the domestic consultancy 
business pipeline in present time, sir, if you can highlight some projects, 
which you are working on some large projects that would be great, sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
The overall consultancy order book, as of 30th June is INR 2,700 crores. 
We witnessed a good trend of getting more than 60-plus orders in 
consultancy in quarter 1. The orders which I mentioned show the kind 
of orders, which we are getting across sectors. Q1 has shown a very 
healthy trend in spite of the impact on the other streams of revenue, like 
export and QA. The domestic project consultancy grew by about 10% 
year-on-year and gave good margins. That is why overall in consultancy, 
including QA, we could maintain margins of 44%. 
. In fact, the overall contribution of consultancy is 53%, which is in line 
with our vision, of having consultancy above 50%. International 
consultancy in the total consultancy pie has contributed about 12%. We 
would want that this contribution grows in the coming quarter. 
So, both in terms of securing fresh orders across sectors of 
infrastructure or expediting the existing orders, especially the high-
margin consultancy order, as well as getting fresh international 
consultancy orders and getting revenue from the existing international 
consultancy orders, I see a healthy trend in all these areas of consultancy 
moving forward in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia for his closing 
comments. 
188039/2023/P&C
231

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rites Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Lizann. We would like to thank Shri. Rahul Mithal, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Shri. A K Singh, Director Projects; B P Nayak, 
Director Finance; and Shri Dr. Deepak Tripathi, Director Technical for 
giving us an opportunity to host this call. We thank all investors and 
analysts for joining for this call. Any closing remarks, Rahul sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I said at the outset, our strategy moving forward will be in line with the 
strategy at the beginning of this FY. We saw the movement in the right 
direction, blunting the impact of the changed scenario and building up 
on our core strength. And I'm confident that as the Q1 has shown, we 
will build up on this trend and tap the opportunities, both in the 
domestic and the international sector moving forward. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara Securities Private 
Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript 
describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward-looking statements" within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes 
in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
188039/2023/P&C
232
