— 
THTES 
) feifaes 
(WA WRPR T IUHH) 
e-assuring 
MSTC LIMITED 
iNDIA 
(A Govt of India Enterprise) 
CIN 
: L27320WB1964G01026211 
MSTC/CS/SE/439 
30" May, 2023 
1. 
The Dy. Manager (Listing) 
2. 
The Manager, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001. 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
(Scrip Code: 542597) 
(Scrip Code: MSTCLTD) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analyst 
The Company had organized 
a conference call with the Investors/Analyst on Wednesday, 24% 
May, 
2023 
at 
12:00 
Noon 
IST. 
A 
copy 
of 
transcript 
of 
conference 
call 
held 
with 
the 
Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith for your information and records. 
Copy of aforesaid transcript is also hosted on company’s website www.mstcindia.co.in. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
% MsTCLID. 
% 
A 
s 
For MSTC Limited |5 
5 
_ Gres 
5; 
(Ajay Kumar Rai) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
www.mstcindia.co.in / www.mstcecommerce.com 
Toliga FRfem 
: wic 
€. Wew 
18/2 arl W, 175 TovH gRal 
1 
B 
gere 
wierprn 700156 .. 
Regd. Office 
: Plot No. CF18/2, Street No. 175, Action Area 1C,New Town, Kolkata-700156 W.B. 
AJAY 
KUMAR RAI
Digitally signed by 
AJAY KUMAR RAI 
Date: 2023.05.30 
15:00:00 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“MSTC Limited 
Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Surinder Kumar Gupta – CMD – MSTC Limited 
Ms. Bhanu Kumar – Director Commercial – MSTC Limited 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar – Director Finance – MSTC Limited 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai – Company Secretary – MSTC Limited 
MODERATOR:  
Mr. Ansh Manek – Equirus Securities 

 
Page | 2  
Moderator:    Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to MSTC Limited Q4FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Equirus Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call? Please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now handover the 
conference over to Mr. Ansh Manek from Equirus Securities Private Limited. Thank you 
and over to you Sir. 
Ansh Manek:    Thank you. Hello everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all to the 
Q4FY23 Earnings Conference call of MSTC Limited. From the management we have with 
us today, Mr. Surinder Kumar Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director, Ms. Bhanu 
Kumar, Director Commercial, Mr. Subrata Sarkar, Director Finance and Mr. Ajay Kumar 
Rai, Company Secretary. We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the 
management and then we can open the line for question and answers. I now handover 
the call to Mr. Surinder Kumar Gupta. Over to you Sir.  
Mr. Surinder Kumar Gupta: Good morning, everyone. Our financial results are out in yesterday’s board meeting and 
I am very happy to share the company results with you, with all our investor community. 
We have achieved the couple of main highlights. As far as the total volume of business 
is concerned, we have a growth of around 120% against 1,36,000 crores. We have 
achieved the total e-sale, e-commerce business of more than 3,00,000 crore in financial 
year 22-23. As far as our revenues from e-commerce is concerned, it’s a growth of 
around 18.66% from 294 crore to 348 crore. 
There is decent growth in the profit also. Profit before tax (PBT) has increased from 220 
crore to 313 crore. That’s rise of more than 42%. Profit after tax has increased from 200 
crore to 239 crore. That’s a growth of more than 19%. And one good thing that should 
be reassuring to all of you and of course it is reassuring for management also, that we 
have done all the provisioning and now it will be a history. Last year we had done a 
provision of around 38.54 crore and this year there is no provision. That is a very good 
sign for the company’s future results. That is why our profit before tax and profit after 
tax in consolidate terms also has risen quite handsomely.  
We have done various flagship projects in last financial year. Some of which we have 
been always sharing with you during our quarterly interactions. Some of which like- 
spectrum auctions, we have already shared with you.  
Apart from the spectrum auction, we have done large number of mines auction this 
time. So, total mines auction in the last financial year was 86 coal mine blocks have been 
successfully allocated and 94 major mineral blocks have been sold through our portal. 
Another thing of interest to all our investors will be that this ELV policy has gained lot of 
tractions and more than 17 states have already announced their policies about as far as 
the ELVs condemnation and the ELV rules are in place. And MORTH has nominated 
MSTC for launching a portal for disposal of all central and state government ELVs. So, all 
these vehicles are being sold now on MSTC portal, where we are earning service 
charges. 
Apart from that, all the RVSF including RVSF of MSTC joint venture company MMRPL So, 
they are also getting the vehicles through this route. Last year we sold around more 
than 2000 vehicles, central-state government vehicles. This year again this speed has 
picked up and at the end of first quarter we will be able to give you a very handsome 
figure for the sale of government vehicles. So, this is all in brief I wanted to review 
before I hand over to our Director Commercial and then Director Finance for give you 
slightly more detailed analysis of the finances. Madam. 

 
Page | 3  
Ms. Bhanu Kumar: Yes, Good afternoon to everybody. As our CMD has already highlighted, the volume this 
year has been phenomenal and major contributor to this volume has been the coal 
block allocation, that has been done through our portal. So, that has contributed 
significantly to the volume, apart from the spectrum and other mineral blocks.  
Apart from that, the major highlights of the performance have been that we have sold 
lot of power plants, redundant power plants of state utilities and DVC. That has actually, 
given the volumes as well as good earnings for the company. These power plants 
belong to DVC Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, Telangana State power 
Generation. And the total volume from these plants sale is about 1100 crores.  
Then the coal that is sold through our portal, it is sold in two different models. One is 
called the linkage model, where it is sold to some specified sector of users and other to 
the open public at large. So, this specified linkage option as we call, that also had a 
significant increase in volume and it was sold to the tune of about 4400 crores in the 
last year. Then we have signed agreements with some private sector big entities for sale 
of their irone ore continuing with what we had done last year also. So now more and 
more private sector entities are also reposing their faith in our portal and the 
transparency and features built into that. 
And for the first time, we have sold some intangible assets like- technology transfer and 
trademarks and this we have done for some sick PSUs like- Bharat Thomson 
Compressors and Scooters India Limited. So, this again holds lot of potential for us in 
the future. We have also successfully sold some small aircrafts for the Airport Authority 
of India. And we have associated with certain small software companies and going 
forward, this holds large potential for our key solutions for various clients.  
One of the works that we have done which I would like to highlight here is a billing 
software that we had developed earlier that now we have enlarged with scope to 
include having a GPS system integration with the existing software that our clients had 
and access monitoring and sort prevention also built into that. We are also in the 
process of adopting some new technologies, probably in the near future that will also 
pay good dividends. Now as far as financial highlights are concerned, I would hand over 
to Mr. Subrata Sarkar. 
Mr Subrata Sarkar:  Good afternoon to everybody. So that the snapshots are already there. And we have 
also seen the results. So let me repeat, like this year that total revenue as you know 
stand-alone basis is lower than corresponding financial year. But here I would like to 
emphasize that net revenue has increased. Because this year we have done away with 
the purchase and associate model. So, then we are based on the service charge model 
only. 
So, EBITDA is at pre provisioning is little bit down but PBT has gone up. It is gone up 
from 220 to 313 crores. Profit after tax has also gone up from 200 to 239, EPS has gone 
up from 28.42 to 33.98 and cash profit is also there. In the segmental part, if you can see 
that e-commerce is the major segment and it has contributed 348 crores in the revenue 
and Rs 115 crores from the marketing. So total expenses is around 185 crores and profit 
before tax is of course 313.47 crores and after tax is 239.22 crores. And it is a growth 
year to year growth of 19.58% in case of PAT and PBT is 42.46% year to year growth.  
And in the consolidate results also, again the consolidated revenue is little bit drop but 
of course in the net part it has increased and EBITDA  is little bit lower, but the profit 
before tax has also gone up from 232 to 329, rise on year-to-year basis of 41% and 
profit after tax is 241.95 as compared to 199.09, rise of 21.53%. Of course EPS is also up. 
So, if you go by the summary P&L statement it is a replica of that, and which explains 
that our revenue from operation is little bit lower. But if you go by the net revenue, we 

 
Page | 4  
have seen, we have increased in the standalone basis, as well as in the consolidated 
basis also. Due to the lesser employee benefit expenses and lesser provisioning as CMD 
has already highlighted, PBT has gone up from 220 to 313.47 and PAT from 200 to 
239.22. So that’s all from our side. Handover to you. 
Moderator:   
Should we open for questions? 
Management:  Yes please.  
Moderator:   
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer 
session. Anyone wishing to ask a question may please press star and 1 on your touch 
tone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself in the question queue, you may press 
star and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
Participants in order to ensure that the management is able to address questions from 
all participants in this conference, we request you to limit your questions to two per 
participant only. The first question is on the line of Prakash Bhuva, an individual analyst. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr Prakash:  
Yeah. Hello. Good afternoon to everybody. I would like to know how many centres we 
will open in different parts of the country. So that we can get maximum number of 
vehicles for scrappages and what will be the provision for realization of scrap, steel and 
rubber and other important material from the components? Apart from the Commission 
of 2.5%, what will the sharing basis of other realization and components of the vehicle? 
So, and how many centres will open in the year? Thank you. That’s all.  
Management:  Yes Right now we have 6 centres we had already last year, 3 more centres we have 
opened, out of which one at Guwahati has already got the approval. As far as the 
Karnataka, Bangalore is concerned, it is under advanced stage of approval. Then the 
third centre in Fatehgarh Sahab in Punjab will take some time. But we have already on 
way in setting up the centre that may take a couple of more months. So three more 
centres. So total 9 centres as of now and we are planning to have couple of more 
centres in the current financial year. 
The second part is, whatever the material that we derive from the dismantling of the 
vehicle, there are basically two parts. One is the scrap and second is the spares. So, 
scrap is sold in the open auctions in the open market and the spares again we have a 
portal where the spares are sold. And spares, whatever the sale or revenue vehicles for 
MMRPL are, spares are good, good percentage of that. So that is basically two door 
classification, scrap as well as the spares, that we sell from these vehicles.  
Mr Prakash:  
Yeah. How many vehicles we plan to scrap in a year? Can you give some rough idea? 
Possible idea from Karnataka is having 88 lakh vehicles I think so.. 80 lacs Karnataka 
only. So could you give some idea as to what the process of disposal will be. How many 
centres will open in India? At Pune and other places how many centres will be open? 
See Guwahati is opened I think I have said, I have seen in the presentation, so how many 
more centres you will open, so that work will speed up. As our minister Mr. Gadkari has 
said, they have to expediate process of scrapping and more and more vehicles will 
come. 
Management:  That’s right. You see we are planning to open multiple centres. I cannot give you the 
figure.  
Mr Prakash:  
Can you give some idea, some color on that? Actually, some color on number of things 
we looking say 30, 40, 50?  
Management:  No, No, No, we are basically planning to set up the centre in almost all major states. So 
that could be around 25 centres in a couple of years, right. But much will depend upon 

 
Page | 5  
how much vehicles we are able to source. Right now, people are not coming forward to 
sell their vehicles to RVSF, because of the price difference which RVSF can offer and 
which normal Kabariwala can offer. So, for that one, I mean for to plug that gap, there is 
a one very positive development. CPCB has issued the guidelines for this scrapping and 
processing of ELVs. So, one major difference for this price was the engine. The 
unorganized player, used to recycle that engine and sell it at a higher price. So that 
engine can no longer be recycled. So that will give us some push and as we get more 
vehicles, we are open to basically a more number of centres. So basically, we are 
watching the current situation.  
Another aspect of this policy is not only RVSF Centre, second is ATS (Automatic testing 
centres) means testing stations that have to come over the state where the public will 
go for testing the vehicle as per the policy laid down by the various states. Commercial 
vehicle and passenger vehicle. So unless the ATS are in place, the vehicles will not come 
to RVSF. So, this is again going to take a year or so before sufficient number of ATS are 
in place and we get these vehicles in large number. So as and when the vehicles come, 
we are ready to set up more and more centres. And we are in a couple of years we are 
planning to have 25 centres covering Pan India. I hope I have answered your question. 
Definite number cannot be given at this day.  
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Bhuva. May we request that you return to the question que as 
other participants are waiting for their turn. Thank you, Sir. The next question is from the 
line of Pratesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mr Pratesh:  
Sir, can you share the progress in the e-sales scrap sales basically in FY23? What would 
be the growth there and what is it as now as a proportion of your e-commerce revenue?  
Management:  okay, In the year 2022-23, the scrap played a major role in the e-commerce revenue. It 
was more than 50% as against slightly less than 50% in the last couple of years. The 
volume from scrap total ecommerce revenue was about 288.60 crores. Out of which 
about 168 crores was from scrap alone. 
Mr Pratesh:  
What will be the growth YoY? 
Management:  See e-commerce overall growth we are expecting and then what we have witnessed in 
the last couple of years. 
Mr Pratesh:  
No, ma’am, my question is 158 crores was the scrap sales number in FY23, right? What 
is that growth, 158 versus what number? 
Management:  No, there cannot be any number as such. See, the thing is scrap, it arises and it is linked 
to the ferrous market as such. It depends on the steel prices.  
Mr Pratesh:  
Ma’am I understand that I am asking 158 crore in FY23, what was the same number in 
FY22?  
Management:  Just a second. Last year it was 135 crores, this year 168 crore, that’s a growth of around 
25%. That was because of plant sale. So that doesn’t happen every year. 
Mr Pratesh:  
Yes, you have moved your number from let’s say the e-comm business has now moved 
from 290 crores in FY22, to about 348 crores now in FY 23. What is the growth now do 
you expect on this number? 
Management:  Yeah, it’s very difficult to give basically the future projections, but as the things stand lot 
of government sectors, private sector is relying and such is and with the Government of 
India policy, clean-up policy, lot of scrap is coming to us. So whatever growth 
momentum has been there for last couple of years, we are hoping to maintain that. So, 
we are working hard to maintain that at least.  

 
Page | 6  
Mr Pratesh:  
My second question is Ma’am, when you look at the balance sheet, there is increase in 
the other financial liability and there is a corresponding increase in the cash. Can you 
explain what is this? And second, if I have to understand your balance sheet, what 
actually will be the net cash in your balance sheet? Will you have net cash and what will 
be that number? 
Management:  Yes. Can you hear me Sir? Yes, so it’s very simple. First, I answer to your second question 
that is very relevant to that is what your net cash is. So, look at our balance sheet, our 
tangible net worth is coming out to around 420 crores. So, you can equate less certain 
receivables. So, it is around 400 crores. We can say that we have a tangible net worth 
and that is our own cash, that we can say. Very precisely in accounting terms what we 
can say as an accountant, okay. And coming back to your first question like there are 
certain temporary inflow outflows in our business. So that is there in the happening in 
so that the cash and tax receivables has also increased as well as like the other financial 
liability has also increased. But what you rightly pointed out, what is our net cash, it is 
around 400 crores.  
Mr Pratesh:  
What is the progress on the private customer side if you recall? 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Chheda. May we request that you return to the question queue. 
There are participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. The next question is on the line 
of Dikshit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mr Dikshit:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is related to the end-of-life vehicle 
business, which we started this quarter. So, you mentioned that in the previous call you 
mentioned that the end-of-life vehicle of only the government part would be around 15 
lakh and we have sold around 2100 this year. And I think the deadline was 31st March, I 
mean next year. So do you expect that significant part of that 15 lac can come up in 
FY24 and related to that is, you also mentioned that till 31st March that portal will be on 
a fixed fee and from 1st April it will be on a percentage basis. So just to confirm that. 
Management:  Yes, that’s right. I mean up to 31st March the number of vehicles were because it was 
just the beginning of the policy. So, as I had already given you this figure around 2000 
vehicles were sold in the last financial year. I mean these are the government vehicles I 
am talking about, right. As far as the, I mean one part of it is 15 lakh government 
vehicles. So, it’s very difficult to estimate the vehicles, the count of vehicles, so we are 
getting so many figures, so we are not hazarding any gaps. But now what the traction 
we are getting from most of the department, most of the state government are now in 
touch with us either they have offered us vehicles or they are in the process of offering 
vehicles. So, I can give you a very rough figure. Around 10,000 vehicles are already there 
in pipeline which are under sale or under auction, right. So, this is gaining more and 
more traction and we are hopeful that this year good part of the government vehicles 
will come to our portal. It will have two benefits for us. So, it will earn us a service charge 
and RVSF in which we are also a partner, so they will also get their much-desired raw 
material.  
Mr Dikshit:  
Okay. And so just to mention, let’s say we have sold 2100 vehicle last year, what would 
be the rough per vehicle sale price?  
Management:  Very, very difficult to say. It’s such a unique mix from two-Wheeler and defence vehicles. 
Defence vehicles many times are very heavy vehicles. 4 Wheelers, 3 Wheelers. So, all 
kind of vehicles are there.  
Mr Dikshit:  
A broad range would also be fine. 
Management:  Could be around 30-40 thousand.  

 
Page | 7  
Mr Dikshit:  
Okay, 30-40 thousand. Okay. And right now, this regulation is only for the government 
vehicles. The private vehicle, they are not mandated. They can do on their own, but they 
are not having any deadline.  
Management:  This as I explained you see there are two parts of it. I explained it that for private also 
the government has laid down that after so many years you will have to get it tested 
before it gets de-registered with RTO, right. So, for that one mandatory requirement is 
automatic testing center. So those testing centres are still being set up by various states, 
by various private entrepreneur. So that is likely taking more time as compared to the 
setting up of RVSF. So once that system gets into place it is getting again like RVSF, it 
has taken a couple of year. ATS also is now getting traction. Governments are also 
setting up under JV or PPP mode. Private investors are also setting the ATS centre. So 
once the ATS centres are in place for the private vehicle after passing the life which has 
been mandated, will go to ATS and if it fails then it will automatically come to RVSF. So 
basically, that will be the turning point when private vehicles will actually start coming to 
RVSF. This is one thing. 
Second thing is we have opened our portal also for selling this private vehicle. In our 
same portal, even a person like I and we individual person who has got a single vehicle, 
he can post his vehicle detail and RVSF will contact him, will pass on the information to 
RVSF. They will contact him for buying that vehicle. So that facility also we have given to 
the general public, and we are popularizing this policy, this portal. All investors can 
popularize this policy it’s mutually beneficial. So that is what appeal from our side to all 
of you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Keshav Garg, from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr Keshav:  
Sir on 20th of April a news item appeared that coal India’s e-auction platform will go 
live on May and within three months all the transactions will, all the auctions will,  move 
there from MSTC and M junction. Also, Sir on 20th April 2023 in Economic Times news 
article came that public sector banks are launching their own E auction app to sell 
approximately 5 lakh realty assets, which are currently being sold through MSTC. Sir, so I 
hope you are at least aware of these developments and sir what is your comments on 
the same? 
Management: okay, 1st question is regarding Coal India. With this announcement we are very much 
aware. In fact, they had asked all their existing bidders to register on their portal. But 
thereafter, there was a new policy which is called the new agnostic policy for coal-sale. 
That Actually is meant for you know not linking the customers to any particular 
collieries. It is more of an agnostic policy where any bidder can take material from 
anywhere. So, after that there was lot of customization that we had to do in the portal. 
So whatever work was done by Coal India with NIC for coal sale that had to be 
abandoned and fresh, you know development had to take place.  
Now this is going to, as we understand, from the inputs that we are getting from Coal 
India and other sources, this is going to take some time. So, for this year, we are hopeful 
that coal business will continue. And as far as the NTA auction for the nationalized 
banks is concerned, the IBAPI portal, we are aware that alliance has floated a tender and 
they are in this process. But what the message is coming out is that they are going to 
have a new system. All these nationalized banks already have a portal called IBAPI, 
where all the MPAs are first listed. All details, all branches. They are all linked and 
mapped to that. What we are offering is only an extension of that for the bidding 
process. Now the new portal that these people are planning to develop is to replace the 
old IBAPI portal. It’s a whole new portal itself which will be having these activities also 
included in that. As far as bidding is concerned, nothing is mentioned regarding this 

 
Page | 8  
activity in their portal. So at least for this year, we are hopeful that this IBAPI business is 
also with us.  
Going forward, this is definitely going to take quite some time. Because this portal has 
been mandated by the Department of Financial Services. And for, you know, getting 
that kind of credibility and for certification and all it is going to take some time. So, till 
such time MSTC is going to offer the services. 
And our supplement here we are always, I mean wherever any such development is 
taking place, we are always in touch with the principal. So that any new development 
that takes place, MSTC is a part of it. So that is our continuous endeavour in that 
direction. Yeah, please. 
Mr Keshav:  
Sir, I hope that this trend does not activate and accelerate because since scrap is an 
ongoing thing, then each big customer can eventually come out with their own portal 
and I don’t know where MSTC will be left. But I think at least for this year we are fine. 
And Sir, my second question is that Sir, our ecommerce revenue went up by 19% year 
on year. From 294 to around 349 crore last year. But Sir, if you look at consolidated cash 
flow statement, then the operating profit before working capital changes is 279 crore 
versus 271 crore last year. So which means the measly growth of less than 3% in our 
operating cash flow, if we take out all the one of income, Sir, so what are your 
comments on the same?  
Management:  Yes. So, when you are comparing that, you are taking the figure from that segmental 
reporting. Correct.  
Mr Keshav:  
No. I am talking about consolidated cash flow statement, which is the next page from 
your consolidated balance sheet.  
Management:  Yes, there are two things. One is the standalone performance, one is the consolidated, 
okay. So consolidated comprises of our subsidiary FSNL also. So, when you look at both 
in that way, so of course this operating profit has gone up by very major percentage. 
You cannot compare. I mean it’s a group you are comparing. So, if you let us go by the 
standalone also. So, in the standalone part also we have included but of course not that 
so but there is a growth. There is not that key, there is not a growth at all. So 
consolidated of course there is not that much of growth as compared to MSTC. So, in 
the overall view it has gone down. That’s the point. 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Garg, may we request that you return to the question queue, that 
a participant is waiting for their return. Thank you, Sir. We will move on to the next 
question that is on the line of Viraj Mahadevia, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mr Viraj:  
I noticed that there is so much working capital release in the current financial year and 
the consolidated cash flows. Generating and operating cash flows of 886 crores. Is this 
sustainable? And what has happened with other financial liabilities going up so much? 
They spiked from 787 to 1350 crores.  
Management:  Yes. So just now, before I was talking to you, I answered another question also. Like you 
see these are some phenomena are very temporary in nature like. But our actual, if you 
go by the liquidity position, our actual standalone basis, our actual cash tangible net 
worth is around 400 plus crore. So that is the cash that we have. Our own cash. 
Sometimes temporary part is there. That’s why our cash and cash equivalent also gets 
increased. Vis a vis that other liability that you are talking about that also gets these are 
temporary flows within the course of our business. So that is not that like is the 
permanent feature. Permanent feature is our own cash. So that is around 400 to 500 
crores. That’s the position Sir. That you can easily derive from that net worth part. 

 
Page | 9  
Mr Viraj:  
Right. So, you know I see 1500 crores of net cash on books or 1500 crores of cash 
including bank balance on books with the market cap of 2200 crores. And you made FD 
investments of about 600 crores in financial year 23. Why isn’t the company considering 
doing a buyback or paying out higher dividends with such kind of cash flow? Especially 
when you’re generating 200 odd crores of free cash flow every year?  
Management:  Look, just now I had answered. So right now, this year also we had almost distributed 
dividend, 50% of our PAT of that what you can see, yeah 100 plus is fine 50%. And 
balance of course is there, and we are looking for certain growth prospects. So of 
course, that much of cash should remain with the company. So that is the point. And 
when you are looking at the consolidated position, there is two companies involved 
there. One is FSNL and another is the MSTC. MSTC is having cash as I told you around 
400 plus own cash. Likewise, FSNL. FSNL has got his own cash flow requirements 
because it is looking at the servicing industry and giving services to the steel plants for 
scrap recovery.  
So, then if we leave the part, the temporary part. So, we are planning, we are having 
certain amount of cash that we are planning to have some certain growth. For that 
requirement, certain cash should always remain with the company. That we will 
appreciate.  
Mr Viraj:  
Right. OK. I mean it doesn’t sound like you need to maintain such a large cash balance, 
but the point accepted. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Vivek Ganguly from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr Vivek:  
Thank you for the opportunity. We are new to the company. So, with your permission I 
would like to you know ask a couple of basic questions. So, in marketing for the year 23, 
would it be fair to assume that these are purely the 150 not crores of revenue that you’ll 
booked is purely service income and there is no purchase and sales of any, you know, 
transaction that has gone through your books? 
Management:  Yes, this is completely only service income. 
Mr Vivek:  
Okay. And this service income is again on a percentage basis of a GVT or is it on a fixed 
fee basis? 
Management:  Percentage basis of the revenue transaction. Let me explain you very vividly. The 
marketing that you are talking about like that it comprises of that segmental revenue 
from 115 crores that you have seen. That it comprises certain write back etc. So, we 
charge in the marketing on the fix percentage basis on the amount of volume credit. 
That’s the answer. Percentage on the amount credit. Percentage basis. 
Mr Vivek:  
And one request in, you know if you look at the ecommerce revenue, it looks like 
everything whatever you all book flows down straight to the bottom line, while in the 
case of other there are unallocated expenses and so on and so forth. So going forward if 
you all can do the, you know the revenue booking and the expense allocation better, it 
will be helpful from the investor’s perspective. Thank you.  
Management:  Yes. I just answer you. So going forward that if our trading’s are very bigger amount, so 
going forward we may allocate that our expenses, reallocate the expenses that could be 
depending upon the requirement of the accounting standards.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Srinivas Reddy, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page | 10  
Mr Srinivas:  
Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Regarding this FSNL disinvestment, what is 
the progress you have made for at least this financial year? You are hopeful that it will 
be done.  
Management:  You see DIPAM is driving that process. So, they are taking all the calls after doing all the 
due diligence. And we cannot as such give a timeline for when, when it will be done. But 
I will just inform you that DIPAM is taking whatever necessary action is required for the 
disinvestment. So, no timeline can be given as such at this point of time. 
Mr Srinivas:  
But what you meant to say, I mean the plant visits and all those things were there in the 
newspaper, Sir, reporting that prospective buyers are visiting the plant. Last quarter 
there was some news.  
Management:  Yes, we have also read it. So, the process is ongoing. Some part has been completed; 
some part is yet to be done. So, DIPAM is taking care of all those things.  
Mr Srinivas:  
My second question is regarding this scrappage vehicle, Sir. So, what is the margin 
mode of calculation? Is it percentage basis of the value or fixed per vehicle which is 
occurring to the MSTC? 
Management:  This is on percentage basis. And we have started charging from 1st of April whatever 
transactions we are doing from 1st of April on that there is some percentage basis 
charge. 
Mr Srinivas:  
What about ecommerce margins? Because they have been stagnating for many years. I 
mean, we are unable to scale the ecommerce business because other private enterprises 
are growing 50%, 40% and we are growing in low terms and high terms only. 
Management:  No, that’s not right. Last year we grew our ecommerce income by around 30%. This year 
also is a growth of around. 18-19% So that’s a quite handsome growth for any standard. 
Despite the downtime, downward trend in the scrap price and iron ore price, that in coal 
prices also were a bit down. And volumes, Sir. Volumes actually, if you see, we are 
probably transacting the highest volume in the country, 3 lac crores plus. 
Mr Srinivas:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Jain from REH Investment 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Mr Harshit:  
Yeah, Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question would be regarding the 
Hyderabad plots which are coming for sale and you guys are targeting Hyderabad and 
specially Telangana. Any plans for some other cities like New Delhi, NCR, Bangalore? 
And what kind of margins do we enjoy? 
Management:  Can you repeat your question? It wasn't clear. 
Mr Harshit:  
Yeah. My question is regarding Hyderabad and Telangana plots are coming to our 
portal and we have been selling that. And firstly, I want to know that what kind of 
margins are we enjoying on this? And secondly, any plans to fall into some other states 
like Punjab, Delhi, NCR, Mumbai?  
Management:  Yes. Actually, we are in touch with many of the development authorities for sale of plots 
and everything. But what happens is in many states they have the government portals 
and they mandate that you know these transactions should happen through that portal. 
However, we are still trying to expand this line. And as far as the revenue that you were 
talking about it is on fixed basis. This is on per event basis. So as and when we have an 
event, we charge some event charges. 
Mr Harshit:  
So, what kind of margin? Is it 1 or 2, 3%? 

 
Page | 11  
Management:  No, it is not percentage at all. Sometimes you know they may be transacting just about 
100 crores and we get say 20 lacs or 25 lacs or 30 lacs. And whether they transact 100 
crores or thousand crores or 15,000 crores we get only that sum. So, it’s not linked to 
the volume. And if there is no case then also, we get some revenue. So, it’s either way. 
Mr Harshit:  
Sure. And my second question would be regarding on the scrappage front. So whatever 
government vehicle, PSU vehicle comes, it must come to our portal only? 
Management:  Yeah, it has to come to MSTC portal only.  
Mr Harshit:  
So, 27 lacs vehicles would come to our portal and we will be charging 3% on every 
vehicle, whatever vehicle is sold to RVSF, right?  
Management:  Yeah. We will be charging 3%, but we are not sure of how many will come to us 
although government has mandated. So, but the count is not still very clear. There are 
few figures floating around. So, this is because the RTO process is not automated online 
data with both of the states. So, there is a discrepancy in the figure. But whatever 
government vehicle will be sold that will be on our mandated, mandatorily to be sold on 
our portal.  
Mr Harshit:  
OK. And just like previously you mentioned that almost 10,000 vehicles are in pipeline to 
be scrapped. So, can we expect a good revenue for Q1 onwards from this front?  
Management:  Definitely.  
Mr Harshit:  
OK. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mr Vikas:  
Yeah, thank you. So first, thank you Sir and Madam for, you know adding more details 
to your presentation. This was a request last time and thank you for taking it in. I have 
one more request to you. If you could just, please present the numbers in crores and 
not lakhs, it would just make it more readable. Sir.  
Management:  We will do it. 
Mr Vikas:  
Thank you. That’s a request. I have one question on the balance sheet, on the 
consolidated balance sheet. We said that our provisions have gone down in the P&L, 
but when you look at the consolidated balance sheet, the provision has gone up from 
62 crores to about 70 crores. So, what am I missing here, Sir? 
Management:  Yeah, You see these are the two different figures. When we talk about the provision, 
what we do in the P&L, it is on the trade generally we make the provision. Okay, So and 
the provisions that you are looking at the balance sheet, these are the provisions for the 
expenses. So, like it will go up because certain benefit expenses such as actual valuation 
things that must be added up on a consolidated basis. Because, you know it is 
combination of MSTC and FSNL both and both have different dynamics. So, like that is 
the two different aspects, Sir. That I want to tell you. So that’s the point. You cannot 
correlate both because there are two different things altogether.  
Provisions there are there trade receivable, as they appear as the make of provisions in 
the balance sheet. The provision that we are seeing is the provisions for generally for 
expenses.  
Mr Vikas:  
Alright, Sir. One second, very quick question, Sir. The 110% bank guarantee that we get. 
So, I am assuming that does not go through the books of MSTC? 
Management:  No, It doesn.t. Only the service revenue. 
Mr Vikas:  
Alright, okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah, that’s it. 

 
Page | 12  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Pratesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mr Pratesh:  
Yeah, I wanted to check on the progress of the private customers on your portal. Some 
years back you had given to the exchange, your tie ups with Reliance and Larsen and all 
these and given out some numbers. So, what is the progress now of these customers on 
your portal? 
Management:  Yes. Actually the number of private sector clients is increasing from day-to-day. Reliance 
is transacting a little less volume. But as far as L&T, Tata Power, Vedanta, these people 
are concerned, the volume of scrap trade is also quite good through our portal, Bharti 
Airtel, Indus Towers, and all. They are our main customers as far as scrap is concerned. 
Now for iron ore also we have roped in JSW, Arcelor Mittal, Vedanta Group. So, they are 
selling their iron ore through our portal. So, the number of products that we are selling 
for the private sector is also going up. Apart from these then we also have lot of you 
know, confiscated goods by the customs of the clearing agency CSS units. All over India 
we are selling material for them. So that also gives some good volume for us. 
Mr Pratesh:  
So private is what portion of your e-commerce revenue now, contribution?  
Management:  We are not maintaining basically figures like that as of now. So, we will take it as a 
suggestion and see whether we can have our accounting where we can have that kind 
of estimate.  
Mr Pratesh:  
But any guess that you want to share, is it 5%, 10 percent, 2%? 
Management:  No, we don’t we don’t It’s not a very major sum.  
Moderator:  
Sir there are participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. The next question is on the 
line of Dikshit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr Dikshit:  
Yeah. My first question is regarding this trade receivable. If we see on a standalone 
balance sheet. It is around 333 crores. Can you just break it up between the e-commerce 
and the marketing?  
Management:  Yes, so likely yes I am giving you that breakup. Like if we go to the that day before 
Publication. So, our ecommerce is around 50 crores. The balance is in our associate 
model and 110% BG model and all are secured that much I can tell you. Because our 
trade receivables have shown a consistently decreased value as on 31st March 22 it was 
407. Now we are at 333. So even in the marketing it is secured and required no 
provision at this juncture. Because basically its comprises mainly of the 110% BG. 
Mr Dikshit:  
In terms of marketing business, so you know couple of years back we were thinking that 
it will completely go out of the balance sheet. But now I think what we are doing is, we 
are continuing with the 110% guarantee back business. So, this we will continue to do or 
is there any plan that we will completely exit the marketing business? 
Management:  We definitely would like to continue and expand this to the extent possible because 
that’s completely secure. We are quite sure of the receivables. So, definitely we would 
like to continue and maybe you know expand it to the extent possible. 
Mr Dikshit:  
Okay. So, it will continue at let’s say currently whatever run rate we are having. It will 
continue at that rate. 
Management:  No. As of now, in fact we are doing very miniscule volume. So, we would like to expand 
this. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Sanjay Naik, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page | 13  
Mr Sanjay:  
Hello. What will be the revenue growth for the next three to five years for MSTC in a 
percentage wise?  
Management:  We cannot give a; I mean basically figure like that. We will, we are definitely targeting 
for very high growth. But the growth depends upon so many factors. I mean some of 
the factors may not be intrinsic to us. It may be some external factor. So, what we can 
assure everybody is that we are expecting and working for the healthy growth. That’s all 
and the diplomatic answer only we can give. We cannot give the definite figure as of 
now.  
Mr Sanjay:  
To your that agriculture portal, Jaivik Kheti and all. Is there any new developments on 
that? 
Management:  No actually, this is acting more like a knowledge management portal now. So we keep 
updating the data from time to time and we are maintaining the portal. The transactions 
aren’t happening, and the ecosystem is not mature enough to have transactions on that 
as of now. 
Mr Sanjay:  
Like postal department for delivering the goods and all that. 
Management:  Yes, we did that. But somehow, it’s not really taking off in a big way. I mean there are lot 
of ground level issues. And we don’t see it happening soon also in the near future. 
Because the entire ecosystem, it’s not just about you know picking up from somewhere 
and delivering somewhere. You need to have proper packaging, you need to have you 
know picking up from the farm gate, you need to have assaying facilities, testing 
facilities. So, these are not there as of now. So, this is going to take quite some time for 
the ecosystem to be developed. On supplementary, what Madam is saying is basically 
MSTC presence is in B2B market. So, it’s a basically B2C business. So our focus is on the 
maintaining the portal and as far as the end customers are concerned, so that is 
basically our reach is not basically, I mean the organization that way is not very large to 
reach the individual or end mile customers. Like these FPOs and all will be at a very 
distant places and villages and all that. So that’s why it’s not basically getting that kind 
of question. But I hope with this government ONDC and all that models could be, we 
are able to ride that platform and do some business. We will get in touch with that, 
ONDC for that the Jaivik Kheti get some traction on that.  
Moderator:  
The next question is in the line of Miraj from Ariham Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mr Miraj:  
Yeah, Thank you for taking my question. I just had one clarification doubt. Earlier you 
mentioned that the cash balance is close to 400 crores. But if I am looking at the 
balance sheet standalone, it is cash plus bank balances is a lot higher than that. Can you 
explain what am I missing here? If I am reading something incorrectly here?  
Management:  Yes. some interpretation there was like which is our own cash, which is for the cash in 
transit. So, our own cash, if you go by our tangible net worth, our own cash, MSTC own 
cash in the standalone balance sheet. It is around 400 plus crore. It is our own cash that 
we own. Others are the cashes that are temporary in nature because of our nature of the 
business. Some cash remain in transit in and out. That’s why there is a equivalent 
amount of liability, you see, like in the financial liability that has also gone up, as the 
cash and cash equivalent and the other bank balances are gone up. So that is the 
clarification. 400 or odd is our own tangible net worth, that we can tell that it is our own 
cash and that is a floating cash that keeps on moving up and down in the growths of 
business.  
Mr Miraj:  
I understood. Thank you so much. If I have any more questions I will get back. Thank 
you. 

 
Page | 14  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr Keshav:  
Sir, you mentioned that we had done auctions worth 3 lakh crores last year. And our 
income in e-commerce was 349 crores. So which means that we are basically getting 
0.01% of the auction proceeds. But despite that our customers are making their own 
dedicated portal. So that can only imply that I don’t think they are much interested in 
saving that 0.1%, but mostly that they are not satisfied with our portal. So, what are your 
comments about this? 
Management:  Actually, you are I think interpreting it in different way. I would like to put across that 3-
lakh crore worth of goods got transacted through our portal. But I also said that 
majority of it is the coal blocks and the mineral blocks that added to the volume. So 
here we are getting on per event basis, per block basis. So, if you analyse the 
ecommerce revenue section wise, we have got about 8 crores from the coal business, 
iron ore is about 37 crores, scrap is about 168 crores, e-sale is about 70 crores and so 
on E-procurement of course is almost insignificant. So, the revenue is coming from 
scrap sale where we are enjoying the numbers, you know, position in the country and 
most of the clients that we have, have not shown any inclination to move away from our 
portal, even in the near future.  
As far as the natural resources are concerned. From the Government of India side, again 
we are the chosen service provider. There will be some movement here and there as far 
as Coal India or somebody, but then we are roping a new client on a daily basis . So that 
is going to take care of the loss of revenue from people who go away from our portal 
and that is few and far between. It is not a phenomenon that everybody is going away 
from us. So, most of the business especially in the scrap sector is still with us and with 
new private sector clients coming up in a big way to us. Definitely We have proved our 
worth in the market and that is why they are coming to us. So at least we are not, I 
mean seeing any loss of business especially in the scrap business soon in the near 
future. So that is going to augment well for the ecommerce revenue. 
Mr Keshav:  
OK, Madam, thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. 
Management:  You see one concern of everybody will conclude with this that, in every business you 
lose few customers, you gain more customers. So, it is always a continuous change and 
churning. And as far as the MSTC is concerned with bouquet of service is quite large, the 
bouquet of customers is quite large. So, and most of the principals, the departments 
have full faith in the MSTC capability and the value MSTC brings. 
So even if some person charges very less percentage but they insist with MSTC because 
we give a very good price, very fair competition and second the procedure, the security, 
safety, transparency are unparalleled. And we are meeting all norms of government 
procurement, government sale. So that is why the customer are having the full faith in 
MSTC capability. Of course, some business might come, some business might go, but 
we are maintaining a decent growth in ecommerce after the marketing business is more 
or less apart from under 110% business. So, our sole focus is on ecommerce, and we are 
constantly upgrading ourselves, our team, our resources, our portals so that the 
customers get much better experience.  
So, that is our continuous process that we are continuing. So, with this I will say that as 
far as the investors are concerned, I can assure from MSTC management that, I hope the 
investors have been suitably rewarded with the increase in share prices with the 
handsome dividend that company is paying the to the investors. And those who had 

 
Page | 15  
faith in MSTC they have reaped rich dividend and I believe that I mean, and we are all 
working hard with that assurance I can say that MSTC strength is intact and of course it 
is bound to grow. With that I will conclude. Thank you. Thank you everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Safe Harbour:  The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under 
SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best 
efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, 
punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or 
discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., 
www. https://www.mstcindia.co.in/.com. This discussion contains based on the currently 
held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed 
in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and may include forward-looking 
statements. 
Forward-looking 
statements 
involve 
known 
and 
unknown 
risks, 
contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the 
actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or 
industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company 
disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by 
errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. 
Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the 
Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such 
other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
