  
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEC/ F:23                                                                                                    May 18, 2023 
 
BSE Limited                                                              National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department,                       5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,    
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring,                                    Bandra (East), 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                    Mumbai – 400 051. 
Dalal Street,   
Mumbai-400001. 
 
(BSE Scrip Code – 500241)   
 
          (NSE Symbol - KIRLOSBROS) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial 
Results for the quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2023 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 and 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated May 4, 2023 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated May 12, 2023. 
 
In terms of the subject referred Regulations read with its Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of 
Schedule III, please find attached the transcript of the above said Conference Call 
scheduled on May 12, 2023 with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and Financial Year ended on March 31, 2023. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company 
(https://www.kirloskarpumps.com) which can be accessed at the following link: 
 
Link: https://www.kirloskarpumps.com/investors/analyst-meeting-transcript/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,              
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Devang Trivedi 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
DEVANG 
BHARATKUMAR 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by DEVANG 
BHARATKUMAR TRIVEDI 
Date: 2023.05.18 16:42:47 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 12th May 2023 will prevail. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANJAY KIRLOSKAR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK KIRLOSKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – KIRLOSKAR 
BROTHERS INTERNATIONAL B.V. 
MS. RAMA KIRLOSKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
MR. CHITTARANJAN MATE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kirloskar Brothers Limited Q4 FY '23 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of the future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Kirloskar, Chairman and Managing Director of 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Kirloskar Brothers Limited, I extend a very 
warm welcome to everyone who is joining us on this call. I hope you've had an opportunity to 
go through the financial results and investor presentation, which has been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and the company's website. 
The company's financial results for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year were good. This was 
primarily the result of an improved product mix, increased operating leverage, reduced input 
costs, along with a sharp turnaround at our key international subsidiaries. 
During fiscal year '23, the company has witnessed a sustained increase in demand for made-
to-stock pumps in addition to continued momentum of demand for made-to-order and 
engineered-to-order pumps. The top line and bottom lines, both saw improvements in 
performance in the domestic and international subsidiaries. The growth was driven by major 
sectors like small pump business, building and construction and industry sectors. 
Our company's consolidated order book as of 31st March 2023 was higher by 17% year-on-
year at INR 2,888 crores, which was mainly driven by factors such as irrigation, water resources 
and power. Please note that this order book does not include our make-to-stock pumps 
business, which contributes approximately to 50% of our standalone revenue. 
We continue to increase our share of products business while reducing exposure towards EPC 
business, which again is close to about 5% for the year. I'd like to remind all the participants 
that these EPC orders are legacy orders. We do execute something or the other as sites open 
up. The company, as we have mentioned, is not taking any fresh EPC orders. 
I now request Alok Kirloskar, Managing Director, Kirloskar Brothers International B.V. to share 
his thoughts on the performance of the international business.  
Alok Kirloskar: 
Thank you. The company's key international subsidiaries have shown resilience amidst the 
challenging business environment, driven by ongoing China-Ukraine conflict, supply chain 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
issues, currency movements, U.S. dollar shortages in certain North African countries and 
inflationary pressure. In fact, revenue and more importantly, bottom line of the subsidiaries 
grew considerably, mainly driven by the improvement in the product mix. 
Our Thai and South African business continued to do well on the operational and financial side. 
As communicated earlier, South African business has signed major framework contracts in the 
power and mining sectors. Our South African business is now getting a good share of revenue 
from service business, which is creating a steady and consistent cash flow. We are 
implementing similar strategies in our other international business and especially starting 
slowly with the Thailand business. 
The U.K. and U.S. business also witnessed growth in the top line. The company continued to 
focus on cost rationalization and increasing the penetration within the market as well as 
enhancing its framework contracts business for services. The company is getting contracts from 
diversified sectors. 
Our Dutch entities, we are launching unique and innovative products, which will be focused on 
the Benelux region. We believe this unique value proposition would be a growth driver for the 
turnaround of this business. 
The international order book now stands at GBP 97.03 million, which is about EUR 109 million. 
Going forward, our focus remains on turning around the Dutch business further diversifying 
the order book by creating more daily business and growing our share of the framework 
contracts in the service businesses. 
With this, let me invite Miss Rama Kirloskar, Joint MD, KBL and MD, Kirloskar Brothers -- 
Kirloskar Ebara Pumps Limited to take you through the performance of the domestic 
subsidiaries. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Thank you, Alok. The company's domestic operations continued to grow at a healthy pace. The 
company has outperformed the industry growth during FY '23, thus further reinforcing our 
leadership position. The healthy pace of growth was mainly driven by new product launches 
across applications and energy-efficient pumps. The company has a good product launch 
pipeline for FY '24 as well. 
The company's made-to-stock pumps, which cater to agriculture, housing and MSMEs 
maintained a healthy growth. The company also continues to debottleneck and modernize 
various plants to reduce cost and increase efficiency. 
Our EBITDA margins expanded mainly on account of operating leverage, continuous focus on 
cost rationalization and process optimization. We continue to witness a healthy order inflow, 
which is getting reflected in our order book. Our order book is expected to grow by the uptick 
in public and private capex. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Coming to domestic subsidiaries and JVs.: 
Karad Projects and Motors Limited continued its healthy growth pace. KPML's revenue grew 
by 8%, while its PAT grew by 20% in FY '23.  
Kirloskar Ebara Pumps Limited also reported robust performance for FY '23. KEPL continues to 
maintain high margins. 
We had multiple customer visits and audits for our high-grade casting subsidiary, TKSL. We 
have received approvals from many customers during FY '23. As a result, TKSL is expected to 
improve its performance over the next few quarters. 
With this, let me invite Mr. Chittaranjan Mate, our CFO, for the financial performance 
highlights. 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
Hello, good afternoon. Let start with consolidated financial performance highlights. Starting 
with Q4 FY '23. The company had a strong year-on-year growth from operations at 
consolidated level at 18% to INR1,125 crores, majorly driven by KBIBV, which grew by 77%. 
EBITDA grew by 61% year-on-year to INR158 crores, while EBITDA margin expanded by 380 
basis points to 14.1%. Profit after tax grew considerably by 84% year-on-year to INR101 crores. 
Now coming to full year FY '23. Net revenue from operations grew by 22% to INR3,730 crores. 
EBITDA grew by 79% year-on-year to INR426 crores, while EBITDA margin improved by 360 
basis points to 11.4%. Profit after tax grew by 150% to INR236 crores. 
Now coming to standalone performance for Q4. Revenue stood at INR794 crores compared to 
INR763 crores, which shows a growth of 4%. This contributed approximately 71% of the 
consolidated revenue. EBITDA was at INR121 crores, a growth of 24% year-on-year, while 
EBITDA margin expanded by 240 basis points to 15.2% PAT for Q4. PAT for Q4 stood at INR80 
crores, a growth of 113%. 
For full year FY '23, revenue stood at INR2,540 crores compared to INR2,166 crores, which is a 
growth of 17% year-on-year. This contributed approximately 68% of the consolidated 
revenues. EBITDA was at INR277 crores, which is a growth of 44% year-on-year while EBITDA 
margin expanded by 200 basis points to 11%. PAT for FY '23 stood at INR153 crores, a growth 
of 95% year-on-year. 
This is from our side. Now we can begin with question-and-answer session. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
 
We can start the question-and-answer session now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Sunil Kothari: 
Congratulations for really, very solid improvement in performance in terms of profitability, 
international operation and all these things. Really, very commendable performance. So, my 
question is broadly, we're talking more about cost rationalization, process improvement, new 
product launches. So combining all these things, the objective of yours was to achieve a very 
respectable margin, which we achieved in quarter 4, international and local, both. So how far 
we are away from those cost reduction, process improvement, productivity improvement? And 
what is your objective during this year to do on those lines? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you, Sunil bhai. I think for the last many quarters, I've been saying that we'll strive to go 
higher and higher in our performance, especially in relation to EBITDA and bottom line. So 
these are all ongoing projects. And I believe that as we go forward, you will see improvement 
quarter-on-quarter. That's what we said that we will strive to achieve better performance 
quarter-on-quarter. 
I don't think there's an end to what can be done, but it might grow faster, it might grow lower, 
but our attempt is to keep growing performance. 
Sunil Kothari: 
And sir, domestic, the overall growth of -- particularly during last quarter, Q4 and  I mean, 
standalone, and order year-on-year, if you compare our order size is also modest compared to 
last -- Q4FY22 and Q4FY23 also. So what is your observation about domestic demand, domestic 
order flow and competition? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Things tend to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. I think that's what I mentioned last quarter also. 
So I don't think we should be overly worried about this. 
Sunil Kothari: 
But do you see, sir, any major competitive pressure because our competitor is getting a little 
bit higher order books, higher growth. So just your thoughts, what is happening? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Well, I don't know what -- I can't comment on the competitor. Our business will continue to 
grow. 
Sunil Kothari: 
And sir, last one question is on this Karad project. It seems that those products have very good 
and very interesting potential. So some comments on what we want to do maybe over next 2, 
3 years at this product segment? 
And second is related to Kirloskar -- sorry -- Kohlapur Steel, which is draining very heavily. So 
by when you expect that there will be a positive something? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
What I'll do is I'll ask Rama to answer both these questions on KPML and TKSL and after she 
answers, if anything needs to be added, I will add. But I would only say one thing with regard 
to your previous question. And that is, we've said that we are very selective on our order 
booking and we continue to be that way for both projects. We don't take any projects, but 
even for products business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
When it comes to large pumps, we are very clear that the customer has to have money, he has 
to pay us in advance and he has to have an LC. I think you've seen the improvement in the 
balance sheet. And I think customers, when we first stopped taking orders for large pumps 
based on these terms, we actually had almost no orders because EPC contractors do not like 
to deal with a vendor who demand such terms. But I believe that our products deserve that. 
And that's the policy that we have stuck to and that we will continue to stick to that. 
We have to be very careful, what happens at the end of the day because unless the money is 
collected, no sale is done, complete. So that's been our philosophy. And I don't think we should 
worry too much about it. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sanjay bhai, your observation on macro environment demand scenario, looking at the orders, 
which is flowing in from the infrastructure projects, railways, government, would you feel any 
better environment -- or how -- what's your thought process? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I would not like to comment on either the state government or national government. I think all 
the other EPC contractors and the people doing large projects, their balance sheets might 
better reflect that. But we are quite bullish about the future, not only domestically, but also 
internationally. There are huge number of projects coming up. 
And one thing I would like to again mention is that pumps that we deal with or all the 
centrifugal pump business is 1 to 1.5 percentage points of the size of projects that you hear. So 
I think that should be kept in mind, and that is not only for us, that is for all pump manufacturers 
in the end. So we continue to be bullish. Rama, would like to answer on KPML and TKSL? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
As far as your question for KPML. So as you know, KPML is our captive motor manufacturing 
company, and it mostly supplies to our -- motors for our small pump business as well as to our 
APOEMs. So we are targeting year-on-year growth in both of these businesses, and they are 
large businesses for KBL. So if you see year-on-year growth there, KPML will have healthy 
growth as well. 
As far as new products are concerned, we have come out with new high-efficiency IE5 motors, 
which specifically our industrial customers are very happy to take because they're efficient and 
essentially, the opex cost is a lot less. So we are seeing a good uptake in those products as well. 
As far as TKSL is concerned, as we had mentioned in the earlier calls, our main activity for TKSL 
is to add new customers. And this last year, that precisely what we have been doing is adding 
new customers, ensuring we get our prequalification and audits done, and it takes around 6 to 
8 months to get each of those audits done, and it's a long process. Fortunately, this year, we've 
completed a lot of those audits for many customers. So we should see the benefit of that in 
this coming year. I hope I've answered your question. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Sunil Kothari: 
Yes. And just last thing is on this. We are talking about some product expansion at Karad 
Projects, and electronic, some smart system. Just without any numbers, if you can talk more 
about what we are planning to do. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Yes. No as far as KPML is concerned, we are mostly focusing on motors because we feel that 
there's still a lot that we can do with motor efficiency. It helps with cost optimization. So we 
are focusing more on motors and their efficiency rather than the electronics that go around it. 
We are focusing on electronics in KBL. We have our new KirloSmart system, which is a remote 
conditioning, remote monitoring system, which goes with all our pumps. And we can do real-
time monitoring of performance parameters of our pumps, and that goes into many of our 
power, nuclear as well as oil and gas customers. So that is our focus in KBL, but not in KPML. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. 
Moderator: 
As the line of the current participant is disconnected, we move to the next question. The next 
question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments. Please go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is on services business. Increasingly, 
what I'm seeing is we are talking a lot about our framework services. It seems it is becoming a 
key part of our offering. So based on your experience in managing these contracts, what value 
we have been able to add? And how are these contracts getting renewed? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
So on these contracts, usually, we find that we go into -- let me say, who do we have these 
contracts with. So usually, these contracts are with oil companies like Petronas or like the new 
players who are the private equity players have got into this like Apache or a Harbour Energy 
or industrial players like INEOS or water companies -- private water companies. So usually, we 
would look at all the pumps because it's not just our pumps. We look at all the pumps and we 
go in there and we see how we can maintain them. And initial agreement is just to have a 
reduced downtime. And we start to maintain those pumps with a reduced downtime. 
With that, we obviously build up a lot of data on all those pumps. And the next step is really in 
terms of efficiency enhancements that we can do on those pumps, which obviously is for an 
additional charge that we do this work. And then from there, we start building up data about 
what is in those plants, how those pumps are operated, where pumps are located, what 
changes we've made to those pumps. And that data resides with us because we manage the 
contract. 
And at the end of five years, usually, it goes for automatic renewal sometimes or sometimes 
the customer wants and as part of the process, we will go for a tender again. But usually, what 
we find in the tender is that most of the new people who come in usually don't have all the 
data that is required to quote on these pumps. We have noticed slowly in both SPP and in South 
Africa. So in SPP, U.K., we've seen slowly this is rising up from about 8% to 12% of our total 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
revenue to about 35% to 38% of our total revenue. And in South Africa, we've seen this rise 
from maybe four years ago from 0% to close to 45% of our total revenue. So this is generally 
how they operate. Have I answered your question? 
Varun Bang: 
Yes. That's a good explanation. Just in the same context, how's the traction in the new services? 
I mean, last year, we had some 20, 25 contracts. How is it growing? And how do you see 
scalability in this services business going in the next two to four years? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
We do see definitely there is a growth in the business. I mean, I'm sure you have all seen in the 
newspapers that there is a huge skill shortage across Europe and also in America. And while 
we don't have service presence in America, but we have sales presence, we don't have service 
presence. But we have service presence in Europe and, of course, over Southeast Asia. We do 
see slowly that companies are outsourcing this more-and-more because that technical 
expertise does not exist as it used to be in the past. So we do see rise. It's not like there's a 
huge rise every year, like it's rising 50% or something like this. But there is a rise because 
obviously, the skill sets are reducing. 
And in places where we have got the contracts, we find it slowly we are able to -- by ensuring 
obviously, cooperation with the customer, able to have a deeper-and-deeper foothold within 
where we are. So that's how we're slowly seeing the growth there. And our focus there really 
is more on the margins rather than just top line growth. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. Got it. And we have seen strong orders coming for VT pumps on state irrigation 
departments. So how large is this segment for us? And what is the outlook given there is 
increased focus on improving rural infrastructure? And also using our strength in VT pumps, 
how can we look at growing irrigation business internationally through our subsidiaries? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
We already sell VT pumps through our subsidiaries. I think what the question you're asking is 
already reflected in our order book under irrigation and water management section. So you 
can see what we're doing there for the projects, like the large irrigation projects that you 
mentioned. It will give you a picture of what's happening. 
But as my father mentioned earlier, we are very selective on those jobs because there are a 
large number of contractors many of them who we are not familiar with. And we have very 
stringent terms of how we deal with those contractors in terms of payment terms as well as 
the margin we expect. So we are quite selective there. 
Varun Bang: 
One broad question… 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Despite selectivity, I guess, the other people, they’ve had experienced other people and are 
still placing orders on a set of commercial terms which are very different than any one else. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. Got it. One last question, just a broader one. In exports, what I sense is for one to be 
successful, product has to be better in quality. And because we are competing with 
international players, it has to be lower in terms of price. So where do we stand on both 
aspects? If you can just share your thoughts, that would be helpful. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I think that apart from those two, the other important aspect also is service and serviceability 
of those products because like I mentioned earlier, there's definitely slowly a skill shortage of 
those countries. And so they do want that you are local and you are able to support locally. 
Separately, as you are aware, apart from those points, there is also an additional point of 
localization. And countries across the GCC, even very small countries like Qatar are asking for 
local content. So I think there's a lot more than just those two points you mentioned, which 
are important. 
But that said, the fact that we are getting a large number of orders overseas, I mean, it 
highlights to the fact that we are able to -- we have that level of quality. And more than just 
the quality, we have the technology that we can have high efficiency products, which is what 
the customer values in those markets along with the requisite features, which has 
differentiating features in those markets. So we have that. 
And while price is important, I would not say that we are -- we want to be perceived as a low-
cost supplier from India. That's not what they're going for. They're going for really a premium 
product, a product that is equivalent to any other European or American product. And that's 
really we are focusing on. I mean even in the U.K., we have close to 85% of the private water 
market and all the water companies that you know are private, and there we sell at a 20% 
premium over the competition, which is Germany. So really, that is what our focus is, and we 
say that our total cost of ownership is lower. And that's the philosophy we sell on. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I think, I would add to that by saying that we have developed the lowest life cycle cost products. 
And recently, I was in the Middle East, where the main water utility of that country bought 
pumps from KBL at almost 30% higher price than German manufacturer. And they have come 
to check two of our Kirloskarwadi factory at the test facility that we have over there. And they 
were not only very happy to see that, but they were even happier to see that the efficiency 
that we had committed to was it -- we went over that efficiency, higher than whatever we had 
committed. 
So like what Alok has said, I don't think, we do not sell at a low price just because we are from 
India. We are able to get higher price because we are KBL. 
Varun Bang: 
 
That is so encouraging. Thank you very much. I’ll join back the queue. All the best. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Khadija Mantri from Sharekhan. Please go 
ahead. 
Khadija Mantri: 
Yes. Hello, sir. Congratulations on good set of numbers. So my first question is regarding the 
EBITDA margin. So you’ve done 10.7% for FY '23. But in the last two quarters, the margins are 
about 15% and 12%. So my question is, would we be growing at more than 12% margin from 
current level, or it is, you are saying that the growth will come on the FY '23 EBITDA margin? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
You know, this is a forward-looking statement. I said that we will strive to do best as we can. 
Khadija Mantri: 
Yes, given that decline in commodity costs and also the increase in volumes, we should be 
doing better than at least 11% of the overall margin that we have done for FY '23. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
 
Your words, not mine. 
Khadija Mantri: 
Okay, sir. And also last week, you said that you are seeking opportunities in solar and nuclear 
and other emerging sectors also. So is there any update on that, particularly in NPCIL's 
decarbonization plan, we were looking at the small medium modular reactors? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Solar will continue to grow, but as I mentioned, we are not a system integrator. We supply 
pumps to system integrators on, again, our terms, which is money upfront. We are not going 
to wait for state governments or whoever is the end customer to pay and then get paid. 
As far as nuclear is concerned, I think last time itself, I mentioned that KEPL had made the first 
Indian design, Indian manufactured pump for boiler -- main boiler feed applications. We had 
received a development order from Nuclear Power Corporation, which is part of the 
requirements for the fleet ordering of the 700-megawatt reactors. This pump has been 
dispatched. And I mean, not only -- I mean, it has been dispatched after all these requisite trials 
and tests and everything else has been done. And I guess, all things considered and we're 
meeting all the requirements, we are qualified now to participate in those tenders which will 
come up for the fleet order. This is for main boiler feed pump. 
We had the stepped out of the primary heat transfer pumps development program because of 
the conditions that were created for who they were going to order on after giving us a 
development order. We have agreed with Nuclear Power Corporation that we will now get 
back in and develop this pump for them. As you're aware, many years ago, we, again, 
completely designed in India and manufactured in India, the primary heat transfer pumps for 
the past fleet of reactors and these were delivered over a decade ago. 
So we are -- we believe that we are quite capable and will be able to deliver and qualify for the 
requirements of the primary heat transfer pump for their fleet requirements as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Manulife 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Yes, hi, sir. Sorry, I got disconnected. Congrats on good set of numbers and very hearty to see 
such performance continuously from last quarter onwards. So just wanted to ask Alok, the 
overseas have been one of the major reasons when we see in terms of this performance. So 
what is the current mix of the services in the overall order book or in terms of the revenues 
also, if you can throw some color just to get an idea on is this kind of number sustainable or 
will there be any kind of one-off in those numbers? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Mr. Renjith, can I repeat your question, tell me because there's a lot of disturbance. Was your 
question how much of this order book in service, is that what your question was? 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Order book in service and also if you can give any clarity, is there any kind of a onetime or an 
exceptional thing in these numbers, because the 9% kind of margin because is that a 
sustainable trend you see? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
So I would say that approximately, if I look at the service business component, and now you've 
asked me this question off hand, so I'm going to give you a very round number. It is probably 
less than -- because as I said in the earlier question that we don't have any service within the 
U.S.. So that's zero. Our main service business is in SPP U.K., which is a U.K. entity, which is the 
largest amount of servicing business, which is about 35% to 38% of U.K.'s turnover. And we 
have about 45% of the South African business in service. 
So at an overall level, I'd probably say the service business component is a little under 20% in 
the total sales. And obviously, our aspiration, as I've always said, is to go towards 50%. 
To answer your second question or subpart second question is that neither in last quarter, 
neither in this quarter, has there been any special job that got through or anything of that sort. 
I mean, I mentioned that last time also that there was no large oil and gas job. Oil and gas 
turnover is pretty low compared to our peak oil and gas turnover which was in 2011, 2012, 
2013 and 2014. Compared to that, our oil and gas turnover is less than 1/4 compared to those 
years. So there is no single amount -- something special that has gone through in these 
numbers. 
But what I will say is that we have been reducing the costs year-on-year. And the top line has 
crossed that threshold of breakeven points quite significantly, and that's sort of generating a 
little higher margin now. So I would say that's really the driver. Mr. Mate had a point. Does that 
answer your question, Mr. Renjith? 
Renjith Sivaram: 
 
Yes. Was there any forex gain or loss in this quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes, Mr. Renjith. I think that in this particular quarter, as you know, we had some forex losses 
last quarter. We had some forex gains from last quarter to this quarter. But we have moved to 
hedge accounting in July '22. So I expect that probably after the June quarter, there should be 
less volatility. 
That said, as you know, all our forex contracts are hedged. So anything that we release as profit 
or as loss, definitely loss is not real because we will get the money back because its hedged. 
Anything that is profit would be whatever we should get because contract is hedged, and that's 
the value we should receive with that. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Okay. So should we assume that the kind of margin, the overseas business is still kind of the 
normalized margins from here on, we should assume if probably this kind of revenue continues, 
is that the right way to look at it? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I would say, it is really dependent on the revenue, Mr. Renjith. Like I said, it's basically the fact 
that we've crossed a certain threshold and it depends on what the revenue is in those quarters. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sivaram, may we request that you return to the question queue for any follow-up 
questions. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. And congrats on good set of numbers. This question is to Alok, okay? 
See, Alok if you look at the Braybar last two years, consistently, the profit -- it has been the 
most profitable, okay, let's say, something like 20%-plus EBITDA, okay? Will it be also the 
company having highest return on capital employed? 
And secondly, you stated that Braybar would have 45% of services contract and SPP U.K. would 
be something like 30%, 35%, but the profitability of U.K. is much lower than Braybar. Is there 
something which is special in Braybar and that we have been able to hit consistently this 20%-
plus EBITDA whereas in other places, which are still about 30% services contract we are not 
reaching that number? 
And secondly, on this only, is the Braybar's revenue very different from what it was in FY '19 
because at that period of time and similar revenue, the margins were 3% and currently, it is 
20%-plus? So just some thoughts on that. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. To answer your question, one is Braybar, of course, is much smaller as a company. The 
second point is that in Braybar like, you said and like I said earlier, the percentage of services 
is much higher. So that -- and that's really been brought through over the last few years. In 
2019, the percentage is much lower. But of course, they started the process, but they had not 
bagged some large contracts that we have now on the services side, which are three years to 
five years framework contracts. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
So yes, I mean after the -- mix of revenue is totally different between 2019 and 2020 and FY 
'23 in Braybar. The value of services is also close to 45%, like I mentioned. And that's really 
what's helping it really from 2021 when a lot of those revenues have come through. 
If you're comparing it to SPP, what you're seeing there is SPP U.K. plus SPP USA. And like I 
mentioned earlier, there is zero services in SPP USA. So if I consolidate the two entities 
together, the service revenue would be probably under maybe 18% to 19% mark, the services 
revenue. So if you look at it, the service revenue is much lower and SPP U.K. is much larger in 
terms of the sizes. 
Also, in the numbers you are seeing in SPP U.K., there's a comment there about forex. So every 
time we've been having this conversation. So maybe if you see a few of the transcripts, you will 
see what level of forex adjustment and mostly it was forex losses have been there in the SPP 
U.K. business, mark-to-market forex losses. So I would say maybe factoring those risk and also 
the fact that the service business is a lot lower, the SPP business is quite different from the 
Braybar business. Does that answer your question? 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. Yes. It is -- so means what Braybar has achieved, for others subsidiaries, it may take 
considerable amount of time to reach in terms of revenue mix? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. I mean if we want services to be at that level, yes, it will take -- I don't think considerable 
amount of time, but it will take us a little while to get us to that level. All of them are working 
to get that mix for sure. And each company is at a different level to get there. So I would say, 
yes, it will take them a little bit of while to get there. And I think that -- I think they're on that 
path to focus on it. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
But the intent of competition is similar across the markets. So let's say, South Africa versus U.K. 
or Netherlands or Thailand. The competition of services remains the same? Or you find there 
is drastic difference from the developed market to emerging market for services and for pricing 
also? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I mean, if you look at South Africa, it's a developing market. And if you look at the U.K., we're 
a developed market. So I mean, you have the examples there. So Thailand really is the focus. 
Like in South Africa, we were really focused on that business. In Thailand, the first thing we 
were doing is focusing on a distribution business because we were at, I would say, in terms of 
the hierarchy, a much lower level in Thailand, when we started this process. So the first step 
was to get a distribution business to get the products into the field, into the volumes. 
Once you have that level of volume in the market, then you approach the customer, first you 
service your products, then you say I want to service everybody else's products, and that's 
really how the progression is, right? So I mean that's where we are now in Thailand where we 
have the installed base. And now we are meeting customers and we’re saying you know, let us 
service our products and you know what, while we are servicing ours it seems like we can 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
service the others as well. And that's really how you keep enhancing the circle, right? So I would 
say that's what we are doing in Thailand at the moment. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Upadhyay, may we request that you return to the question queue for the follow-up 
questions. The next question is from the line of Paras Adenwala from Capital Portfolio Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Paras Adenwala: 
I have a few broader questions. One is I think its a tremendous turnaround for the company. 
So what would you attribute it to? Is it largely the tailwinds and also, to some extent, you know 
those efficiencies that you're eking out? I'm asking this question, the objective is if current 
tailwinds convert into headwinds, what would the kind of decline be that once can expect in 
the business? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I mean we tend to think that it is a combination of both. And with the initiatives that we have 
taken, we will try our best to ensure that whatever headwinds we might get, we should be able 
to take care of most of that. 
Paras Adenwala: 
Okay. All right. And secondly, I've been observing the Kirloskar group for a while, for a fairly 
long period of time. And suddenly, I'm seeing this huge spurt of energy within the group. And 
let me be specific about Kirloskar Brothers. For the last 10 years, business wasn't going 
anywhere. And now suddenly, we are seeing this spurt. What would you attribute this huge 
amount of change and the way the business has been run? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Yes, maybe you have attended for the first time but about 14 years ago, we were mainly in the 
EPC business, where large pumping stations as against products contributed to our turnover to 
the extent of 75%. And we stopped taking orders for that kind of business at that time. And 
what we saw over a period of time was that the 25% of business going to now 95% of the 
business and 75% coming to 5%. 
So yes, we were going nowhere if you look at it as a company, but there has been tremendous 
growth on the products side. And that too with the strictest commercial terms in our industry. 
So what we have done in the last few years is as the project business declined, we came out 
with many new products, we increased the capacity at our plants and we'll try to ensure that 
regardless of anything else, the cash situation improves. 
So that's what has happened. On gross level, you saw turnover stagnating. But internally, as I 
have pointed out earlier as well, the EPC business has come down and the product business 
has gone up. So that's the change. 
Paras Adenwala: 
Okay. Excellent. And just finally, the kind of top line growth that we've notched up in FY '23, 
would you say that it's largely because of the low base that you had earlier? Or do you think 
this probably seems to be a normalized kind of growth? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
 
Yes, it could be because of the low base we had earlier. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sujal Chandaliya from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sujal Chandaliya: 
Yes. Firstly, congratulation on this great set of numbers. I had a couple of questions from my 
side. Firstly, on a standalone basis, the order intake was, some what lower than the overseas, 
of course. Are we seeing any slowdown in any particular vertical, like for say building and 
construction or industrial segment? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
On -- in the domestic area, industrial or B&C, we're actually not seeing a slowdown. As you 
probably are aware, there is a lot of investments in distilleries, steel plants, cement plants. So 
I think that business is quite strong and similar situation in B&C. 
I would say that sometimes, I think quarter-to-quarter, the situation changes. And as you know, 
very often, there are a lot of delays in order placements. But in terms of opportunities, I think 
the number of opportunities in the domestic markets still seem strong. But at the same time, 
maybe on the infrastructure projects like irrigation water, we are more selective and we will 
only pick up the orders where our terms -- our commercial terms and our profitability 
thresholds are met. 
Sujal Chandaliya: 
Okay. And the second question was around -- so the presentation you have got in that 23 slide, 
the breakup in made-to-order, made-to-stock and engineered-to-order, is it on a consolidated 
basis or a stand-alone basis?  
Chittaranjan Mate:  
Stand-alone basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just two questions from my side. First is, I just wanted to know, just from a perspective of this 
quarter, on our small pump business, what was the utilization of the small pump business that 
happened only for quarter 4? 
And the second question is our tax rate on blended basis for the entire year was around 29%. 
So what would be going forward in FY '24, what would be the estimated tax? Or you would be 
maintaining at the same rate? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So as far as capacity addition was concerned, it would be around 70% for small pumps for Q4. 
And I'll let Mr. Mate answer your second question. 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
The tax rate is 25%, plus charges, so roughly 25%. But it looks differently because of various 
provisions and additions made like that. Because the profit as per book and taxable income 
varies on quarter-to-quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Deorah from Divisha Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Aditya Deorah: 
Sir, in the stand-alone balance sheet, we have a capital work in progress of around INR78 
crores. So is there any capacity addition we are doing? 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
I would say there are two things. One thing is that our Kirloskarvadi plant, we are modernizing 
and rationalizing some capacities. And at Dewas we are putting one additional line. 
Aditya Deorah: 
Okay. Sir, just on a generalized note, like over the last 10, 15 years, this particular year, the 
amount of cash that we have generated, maybe around INR 250 crores free cash flow in the 
standalone books, maybe around INR300-plus crores in the consolidated books. So what would 
be the capital allocation policy for the company going ahead? Because I'm sure we are not 
going to put this money into trade receivables. So what could be the thought process behind 
using this cash going ahead for the company? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I think that's a very good question. We will see whatever opportunities come up. If you look at 
-- we are controlling our inventories. We hope to continue to be as profitable. And if you look 
at our debtors, actually, we have both current debtors as well as the vessels which are -- I mean, 
in the total debtor number, which are still to be collected from various state governments for 
projects that were done by us in 2010 to 2015. So our attempts is to collect that cash, collect 
those debtors. And the commercial terms are quite tight. I mean, like I said, the best in the 
industry for a manufacturer. So we'll continue with that. I mean why would we give away 
money. 
Aditya Deorah: 
 
Okay. Your numbers were a very, very pleasant surprise. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devansh Nigotia from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. In your subsidiaries, the orders enclosed has 
increased 20%, 30% closely Y-o-Y. So this is related to which segment or industry? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
 
Which subsidiaries are these, international or domestic? 
Devansh Nigotia: 
Subsidiary, like so if I break down the order book, the major increase has happened from 
increasing order inflow in our subsidiary. Is that right? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. So I would say the main increase in the international subsidiaries is coming from SPP, both 
SPP U.K., USA. as well as from Thailand, KBTL. These mostly are coming from jobs in water 
supply, fire as well as certain segments in storm water drainage, which is in Thailand. 
In the U.K., we have some from service, and we also have some new orders now come in for 
firefighting for regasification platforms. So that's something that was not seen in our order 
book, probably in the last quarter, but that's something that's coming in this quarter. 
Devansh Nigotia: 
And how is the demand on the ground for residential pumps as well as the agricultural pumps? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So the demand is actually quite healthy. In fact, a lot of growth this year was attributed because 
of our focus on the agri sector. We were really aggressively pushing our agricultural pumps into 
some of the most rural parts of the country, and that has really given us a lot of growth this 
year. 
Devansh Nigotia:  
And how you measure of competitive intensity in both these segments? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So this segment is extremely fragmented, but I mentioned this earlier in the call. We have quite 
a large breadth and depth of product range, which others don't. And I think that's one of the 
main advantages of KBL in the agri sector. 
Devansh Nigotia:  
In case of oil and gas, are you seeing any kind of demand moderation incrementally? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
 
In the case of? 
Devansh Nigotia:  
Oil and gas. Oil and gas sector. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So there are quite a few expansion projects going on. And in fact Kirloskar Ebara which 
specializes in the API oil and gas pumps, they have quite a healthy order booking of around 
INR500 crores this year. So I think we are seeing quite a bit of uptick in this area, both in the 
international and the domestic area. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rabindra Nath Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. 
Rabindra Nath: 
Sir, my question is regarding this Kolhapur Steel Limited. We have -- we are actually making 
losses in this subsidiary. And despite rising in turnover, the loss is also expanding. So what is 
the plan there that is first question? And also when we will expect that we are having a better 
traction in the U.S. market? 
Rama Kirloskar: 
 
Sorry, your second question was satisfaction in what? 
Rabindra Nath: 
U.S. markets. And when we are looking at the growth impact from the U.S. market in particular. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
Okay. I'll answer your first question. So TKSL in the last year was focusing more on getting its 
customer approvals. That could not happen in the year before because of COVID. In fact, for 
the last 2 years, we were not able to do customer audits or approvals. And like I mentioned 
earlier, it takes around 6 to 8 months to get the approval, the prequalification and the sample 
casting ready for the end customer to release orders on this foundry. So we should see an 
improvement in this year. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
 
Can you repeat your second question about the U.S. business. 
Rabindra Nath: 
Yes, actually you mentioned that your service and also the business in the U.S. is almost very 
limited. How should we grow in the U.S. market? So that is my second question. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Alok Kirloskar: 
In the U.S. market, we are very focused on a limited range because, as you know, the U.S. 
market footfall is very large in size and in terms of market size, also very large in terms of 
physical size and is full of our global competitors. Many of them it is their home country. So 
when we entered the U.S. market, we only entered into very select segments because we can't 
fight everyone in all segments. So we are mainly in firefighting, and we are in municipal water. 
We cater to these segments for two companies, one is SPP Pumps Incorporated and the other 
is SyncroFlo Incorporated. One does fire SPP and one does water is SyncroFlo. So at the 
moment, we are not looking at service business there because, first of all, fire pumps, which 
we sell into the real estate segment as well as the industrial segment, generally don't require 
such service. And the large water supply pumps that we have, at the moment, they are still 
quite new and our population is quite small in the general American market. So we're not yet 
looking at service there. 
While we do service fire pumps in the U.K. and in the Middle East, in countries like -- in 
Emirates, like Dubai and UAE etc, generally, fire pump services are not very profitable if you 
have to travel long distances. So usually, we have our FireEye system, which is a remote 
diagnostic system on the fire pump. We have an AMC and we visit them once or twice a year. 
So if you have volume like in the U.K., we have about 1,600 such contracts, then we will -- as 
whenever the engineer is in the area, he goes and visits one of these and completes the 
contracts, visiting once or twice a year. 
So -- but the contract itself is not very profitable just on fire. So that's not a focus area right 
now in our U.S. business until we build up the critical mass in terms of volume and installations. 
Rabindra Nath: 
 
Okay. So it will take some time to grow in the U.S. market, isn't it? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
For services, yes, because the market is massive, as you know, both in terms of physical size as 
well as in numbers. And so we are going -- we have presence in certain -- very good presence 
in certain states. And in certain states, we don't have a lot of presence in when I'm talking 
about new products. So I would say first is feeding the products and then after that, we get the 
services step by step. And that's really how we try to see that we are ensured that the unit -- 
that the company makes profit in the U.S. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Nayak, may we request you return to the question queue for follow-up questions. The next 
question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
First of all, congratulations to the team for a such a outstanding execution. My first question 
to Alok. Look, historically, you've always mentioned that quarter 4 is usually a weak quarter for 
international business. I did take your comment that there was no extraordinary one-offs or no 
oil and gas large orders and nothing on the services side. So just -- because we see this in our 
execution in the order book -- in our order inflow, etc, I mean, very large jump even on a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
quarter-on-quarter basis, which is unlike in the past. If you can just highlight what is driving 
this? Where are we getting the business from? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Thanks, Pratik. Pratik yes, the reason why I always say that is because quarter 4 for KBL is 
actually quarter 1 for the international companies. And as we know, usually, quarter 1 is not 
always the strongest quarter. So that said, I would say that one thing that we've been really 
pushing for is increasing the baseline business, which is our turbine business and our fire 
business and our water business, which are the core businesses. So these are something that 
we're trying to inch up in terms of how much we do per month because we have very clear 
product mix and breakeven levels for getting -- for especially SPP U.K. as well as each of the 
other companies. So that has been our main objective over the last 2 years, and that's slowly 
coming up as a service business and the other product business is also enhanced to that level. 
So I would say that is one factor. 
The other factor, as I mentioned, is that we do have slowly built up over the last year and 
coming into this year, a larger order base on Middle East projects as well as some oil and gas 
projects. So the Middle East projects are mainly in water supply for large expansions being 
done in many Middle Eastern, Emirates countries. And the other is for oil and gas, which is 
normally FSRU units right now, which are quite popular as well as some expansion in offshore 
installations. 
So I would say that the order book now, which I think you've seen the size of earlier has a mix 
of these two. And this is why we're seeing that jump in the top line. Does that answer your 
question? 
Pratik Kothari: 
Yes, absolutely. Absolutely, yes. And my second question is in the cash flow, if you look at it, 
we have taken about INR35 crores of provisioning for some advance rates of bad debt. So this 
-- is it related to projects, sir? 
Chittaranjan Mate: 
Not necessarily it's related to projects. Given certain large orders where customers are having 
problems in arranging funds, so we have to make provisions. And some provision we have 
made for expected credit loss, which is as per policy. So there are delays from customers in 
paying. But as we go on collecting, we reverse those provisions. So it's a mix. 
Pratik Kothari: 
The reason I ask it is because it's a large number, it is double from what it was last year and 
almost 1% of sale. So this is an expected number to go ahead also? 
Chittaranjan Mate:  
At present, it is not expected to go up. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Ms. Rama Kirloskar for closing comments. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
 
Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I'd like to thank all the people who attended the call for their good wishes and look forward to 
all of us having greater growth in the coming years. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kirloskar Brothers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
