ARIHXN T
SUPERSTRU CTU RES LTD.
CONTINUING STABILITY
CONTINUING STABILITY
16n' August, 2023
Corporate Relations Department
a 
ice Department
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
DalaI Street, Mumbai - 400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza
Plot No. C/1, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip Code: 506194
Class of Securi
ui
Symbol
Series: EQ
Reference: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)/
Regulation, 2015
Subject: 
Transcript of Conference Call held on MondaY/ j4th AuWst/ 2023
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,
pu„„ant to Reg„lati',n 30 of SEBI (Li,ting Obligation and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulation, 2015 and with reference to our letter dated 10th AuWst/ 2023 intimating You about
the CorJerent.,e Call with the Investors held on Monday, 14th August/ 2023 at 04:00 P.M. (IST)/
please find attached the transcript of aforesaid Conference Call.
KiIdly take the above on your records and inform the Stakeholders accordingly.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Arihant 
Superstructures 
Limitecl 
\
{}{ S,
NAV7
MUM
Parth Asl+okkumar Chhaj er
Whole-Time Director
DIN: 06646333
L51 900MH1983PLC029643
Arihant Aura, B-Wing, 25" Floor, Plot No 13/1 ,
TTC Industrial Area, Thane Belapur Road,
Turbhe, Novi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400705
Tel.: 022 6249 3333
022 6249 3344
Website : www.asl.net.in
Email 
: info@asl.net.in
Digitally signed by PARTH ASHOKKUMAR CHHAJER
DN: C=IN, PostalCode=400705, S=MAHARASHTRA, L=
THANE, O=Personal, SERIALNUMBER=
44624a72a129805c865b26079f4a94b3624f0caff48275450
54c6cb81775a619, OID.2.5.4.65=
dbc6b26b6211432ab3813441cd29f1a1, Phone=
527ad877233229c22dc8d946a4a54a394becc87bbd34c1c
4c5e064129e894b1f, E=PARTH.CHHAJER@ASL.NET.IN, 
CN=PARTH ASHOKKUMAR CHHAJER
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2023.08.16 17:09:17+05'30'
Foxit PDF Reader Version: 12.1.1
PARTH 
ASHOKKUMA
R CHHAJER

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Arihant Superstructures Limited  
 
Q1 FY24 Earning Conference Call  
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Conference Call of Arihant 
Superstructures Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name 
is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors we represent the Investor Relations of Arihant 
Superstructures Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company's earnings call for the first quarter of financial year 2024.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in 
today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipate. 
Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumption made by and 
information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements and making any investment decisions. The purpose 
of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Parth Chhajer – Whole-Time 
Director, and Mr. Dhiraj Jopat – Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I request 
Mr. Parth to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 10 
Parth Chhajer: 
Thank you Anuj. Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for taking time to join Arihant 
Superstructures Limited conference call to discuss Q1 FY24 results and business updates. The 
real estate sector continues its up-cycle on account of increased demand in infrastructure creation 
and players like us with a proven track record and high credibility benefit from the upward trend. 
Most of you would have gone through the presentation which is filed with the exchanges. I will 
just take you briefly through the financial numbers for this quarter.  
In terms of the consolidated financials, the total consolidated revenue for Q1 FY24 was 121 
crores, against 89.6 crores in Q1 FY23 registering a year-on-year growth of 35%. The total 
consolidated EBITDA for Q1 FY24 stands at 26.4 crores as against Rs.19.1 crores in Q1 FY23 
registering a 38.7% growth on year-on-year basis. The EBITDA margin for Q1 FY24 stands at 
21.8% versus 21.3% in Q1 FY23 registering a marginal growth of 50 basis points. The profit 
before tax for Q1 FY24 stands at 19.4 crores against 13.8 crores in Q1 FY23 registering a growth 
of 40.6%. The profit after tax for Q1 FY24 stands at 15.6 crores against 10.7 crores in Q1 FY23 
registering a growth of 45.8%. The PAT margin for Q1 FY24 stands at 12.89% against 11.94% 
in Q1 FY23 registering a marginal growth of 95 basis points. The net worth of the company has 
increased to 260.9 crores in Q1 FY24 against 213.7 crores in Q1 FY23 registering a growth of 
22.1%.  
Now, talking about the key operating highlights the company has achieved sales gains of 454 
units in the first quarter equivalent to 3.9 lakh square feet of area amounting to 245 crores in 
value. This is a growth of 4.43% in terms of sales value on a year-on-year basis. The average 
price per square feet has increased to Rs.6282 per square foot in Q1 FY24 from Rs.5797 in Q1 
FY23. The average price per unit sold is close to 54 lakhs in Q1 FY24 compared to 44 lakhs in 
Q1 FY23 indicating that the premium housing contribution has been increasing over the past 
one year. The total collection for Q1 FY24 stood at 105.6 crores. 
On the business development front. In this quarter we signed the remaining portion of Shil phata 
land admeasuring 3630 square meters, which now completes our acquisition to 31,860 square 
meters of area which is approximately eight acres of land at quite a prime location on domain 
Shil phata road. Our team has started with the approval procedures for the same and a 2D sketch 
of the design is showcased on page #2 of our latest presentation. We also added on additional 
51 acres of land at Chowk to the acquired 25 acres of land, totaling to 76 acres of fully paid up 
lands acquired in just eight months’ time from November 2017 to June 2023. We would be 
developing constructed Villas and annuity income assets in this project.  
Now, just giving you a brief on the company level and the market scenario. We have seen the 
demand for residential homes continue to remain robust despite interest rate hikes and price 
inflation. Construction activities have continued despite external challenges in Mumbai real 
estate market. The mega infrastructure projects are taking up good shape in Navi Mumbai MMR 
region and shall witness a big change in the way Navi Mumbai is recognized as a city. Our 
launch at Arihant Aspire continued during this quarter from Q4 FY23. And we have seen a great 
response to the new tower as well. We have geared up for more new launches in the coming 
quarters across all the segments. And we'll also be having small refreshing launches in the 

 
Page 3 of 10 
ongoing projects to boost the sales as well. Our projects at Vashi, Kharghar and Chowk shall 
position us strongly in the high income group, premium housing segment which comprises of 
19% of our total portfolio today.  
Today, our company has presence in 11 different micro markets of MMR which is the largest 
geographical spread by any developer in the MMR region, offering a wide range of products to 
choose from 20 lakhs to three crores. We shall capture a good share in the premium housing 
segment as well going further. Our unique business model sustainability and scalability shall 
also guide us well in the going forward times. With this, I now open the floor for question-and-
answers. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the 
first question from the line of Abhishek Getam with Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Sir, I wanted to know, what is the update on Aakarshan project in this halted, so have we received 
any communication from authorities side? 
Parth Chhajer: 
No as of now, it is status quo by the end of the second quarter, we should expect to get clarity 
from the authorities and only then we will be able to tell you the way forward but as we all know, 
both options are open for us. Either we develop the project or the government acquires the land. 
Either ways for ASL it would be a cash flow, accretive.  
Abhishek Getam: 
Okay. But in your opinion, what is the expected outcome as such? 
Parth Chhajer: 
We don’t know yet. So, we'll have to wait till what the authorities come out with and we will 
have to adhere to their outcomes. So, by the end of Q2, hopefully we should have clarity on this. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Okay. Sir another was on your plan to raise 500 crores. So, I understand that the villas project 
will need 250 odd crores. What would the rest of the amount used for and how is the plan for 
this, direct equities or warrants? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, that's an enabling resolution which we take every year. So, depending on when the 
opportunity is right, we'll decide on how much to dilute. So, it's not like a specific requirement, 
but it is just an enabling resolution which we renew on a yearly basis. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Okay. So, just another guidance question, so what do we expect pre sales number for FY24 and 
25? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, FY24 we are expecting pre sales to touch 1000 crores. And FY25 could be 1300, 1350 crores. 
Abhishek Getam: 
Okay. This is taking in consideration our existing inventory and upcoming projects sir, the Shil 
phata project also is included in this? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes. So, Shil phata we are expecting to launch in the fourth quarter of this financial year. 

 
Page 4 of 10 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to get some clarification on the project that we are going to launch this year. What 
portion of that we have sold in the Q1 and going forward would will be the trajectory for that? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, we have multiple launches lined up in this financial year, in the Q1 we have sold 245 crores 
as a total at a group level. And the contribution from all the ongoing projects. 
Madhur Rathi: 
904 crore pipeline project that we have guided regarding that? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Which project? 
Madhur Rathi: 
904 crore pipeline in 2024 that we had guided? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Okay. So, those are projects which have already been acquired and the further phases of those 
projects would be launched up in this financial year. So, we have launches lined up at Badlapur, 
Kharjat, then Kalyan, and Panvel also again, and then two big launches, which would be fresh 
new projects they would come from the Shil Phata project the Arihant Avanti and also the world 
villas project which is at Chowk. So, it's a contribution of multiple projects, which will take 
shape in the next eight to nine months. 
Madhur Rathi:  
Sir, so what portion have we sold already? 
Parth Chhajer:  
No, we have not started sales for any of those days, the sales will begin as per the schedule and 
once we receive the approvals going ahead. 
Madhur Rathi:  
Okay. And sir the 5000 crore revenue that we have guided for development. So, what kind of 
timeline do we have for executing that and selling that in next three, four years or how it will be 
going forward? 
Parth Chhajer:  
The company today is around 17 million square feet in terms of developable area, and the total 
top line that would come from these projects is around 9900 crores which would be constructed 
over the next seven years. So, we expect 75% of the sales, of the 9900 crores would happen over 
the next five years and then the balance would happen over the two years after the fifth year, 
seventh year. 
Madhur Rathi:  
So, the order book are you expecting to be in similar lines or we expect some kind of increase 
going forward or something like how will it be so if it’s not one only? 
Parth Chhajer:  
So, obviously we are a company who is at a good CAGR level also and we expect to grow at a 
good CAGR of 25% to 30% on a year-on-year basis from today. So, the sales will obviously 
pick up from where it is today and in that fashion we should be able to complete the ongoing 
projects in the timeline of seven years.  

 
Page 5 of 10 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Yash Dalvi an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Dalvi: 
So, I have a couple of questions. So, our collections have gone down both Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y 
basis. So, what would be the major reason for that?  
Parth Chhajer: 
So, in this quarter, there were some external challenges, which led to the increase of the raw 
material prices etc which had  impacted at least two and a half to three weeks across major 
businesses. So, because of that the cycle came down in terms of the pace but going further, we  
are hopeful to improve on the collections in the coming three quarters. 
Yash Dalvi: 
Okay. And sir our sales have also gone down on Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis. So, just I wanted to 
just understand so is there a structural slowdown which is coming in the affordable housing 
space?  
Parth Chhajer:  
No, there's not structural slowdown at our end, our major affordable housing projects have been 
sold or we set a stage, where sales have almost reached the majority level. And more contribution 
now is actually happening from premium housing also. So, the premium plot housing projects, 
such as Arihant Aalishan, Arihant Arabica and also the other mid income housing projects, 
Arihant Aarohi, Arihant Aspire, are contributing more in the sales. And that is why the number 
of units and the area sold is coming down. But if you see the values, there is a slight increment 
of 4% on the Y-o-Y numbers. And last quarter, if we compare it Q-on-Q, the last quarter was 
the launch of Arihant Aspire, which was a big launch in itself. So, whenever we have big mega 
launches that quarter performs well compared to sustenance quarters where there are not many 
big launches.  
Yash Dalvi:  
Okay, sir got it. And one last question from my side. Sir, our interest cost has gone down from 
the previous quarter. So, what would be the reason for that. And what would be our debt level 
as on 30th June, if you could give me that figure? 
Parth Chhajer:  
The interest cost is, sorry can you repeat again? 
Yash Dalvi: 
Sir, so our interest cost have gone down from the previous quarter. So, what is the reason for 
that and if you could just give us the debt levels as on 30th June? 
Parth Chhajer:  
So, the debt as on 30th June stands at a 418 crores at a total company level. But if we split into 
two the secured debt is 156 crores and the unsecured is 262 crores. And if we see the debt to 
equity ratio, it is for the secured loans come down 0.57:1, which is good, I would say. So, that's 
what had come down in this quarter.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investment. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 6 of 10 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir the 200 acre land bank that we are planning to have at the end of 2024. So, have we pipeline 
projects for all of those lands or there is some land with us and the projects are underway or, so 
if could highlight on that? 
Parth Chhajer: 
This was the guidance that we had given in the last concall that we will be growing our land 
bank from the existing 165 acres at the end of March 2023 to +200 crores and if we see the 
business development in Q1, we are already at 217 acres of land today, which is put up on the 
drawing board and the projects and square meters and everything are being modeled out from 
there. So, that was a guidance note for this financial year which we have completed in the first 
quarter. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And the whole 217 acres has been utilized for our projects, like the 9000 crore pipeline 
that we have? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes. Everything is utilized and put into square footage, so there's no land which is just lying idle 
as an investment on the company's books today. So, everything is converted to a project and then 
will be sold or developed. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir just a follow up, the resort and Gymkhana that we are planning to build at Panvel. So, 
for the 250 crore investment, are we seeing a 15% IRR for that also, or the 15% IRR is for the 
plotted development at that location? 
Parth Chhajer: 
No, so the 15% IRR indicated is for the annuity asset, the 200 resort as well as the Gymkhana 
that we'll be creating. So, from that the investment that we make into those assets will yield us a 
IRR of 15%. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And for the plotted development what would be the IRR that we are expecting? 
Parth Chhajer: 
For the IRR I'll get back to you. But the margin that we are expecting at an EBITDA level would 
be around 35% to 38% for the plotted development project for the Villa sales, I would say. And 
that should yield us a PAT of around 28%. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir Just a final question from my side. Sir, what will be the ROC or the margin that we 
expect before embarking on any project? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, whenever we look at a project, we usually look at an average IRR of 30-35% whenever we 
are looking to acquire any project and PAT margins, we expect around 20-25%. Sometimes it 
goes higher also, sometimes it would go lower, but that is a mean range that we look at whenever 
we are planning to acquire any project. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. And sir so we had a few quarters back that because like from demonetization and COVID, 
our margins were hit. So, the projects in current pipeline that we already have or will be 
launching will have like the IRR and the margin that you're guided right now? 

 
Page 7 of 10 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, the projects that were taken long time ago which was in 2011, 12, 13, they may not have 
these high margins. But the new projects that we are taking do definitely have margins of these 
levels. Because the reason is, because the interest has been charged on those projects, which 
have been acquired in maybe 2010, 11, 13 whenever. So, because of the interest, there is a slight 
dip in the PAT margins. But the new acquisitions are all taken into consideration, good margins 
so that there is sustainability even in the long run of five, seven years from today. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Raj Mehta from Robocapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Raj Mehta: 
I just had a couple of questions, the first one is what is the total value of projects trying to be 
launched in FY24? 
Parth Chhajer: 
To be launched in FY24 is around 900 crores that we will be opening up for sales. The new 
inventory basically. 
Raj Mehta: 
So, what would be the pending collections from the ongoing project that we have already sold? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, the collections sold and to be received are around 660 crores which we expect to happen in 
the next two to three years’ time from today maximum. And the unsold value of the ongoing 
projects is around 1117 crores. 
Raj Mehta: 
Also, sir what would be the estimate of sales velocity?  
Parth Chhajer: 
Q1 was 245 crores we are expecting that it would continue in the forthcoming quarters as well, 
and we are expecting that this year we do 1000 crores in terms of pre sales. 
Raj Mehta: 
Alright. Also on a reported basis, what will be the revenue and EBITDA margin that will reflect 
for 24 and 25?  
Parth Chhajer: 
That would be forward looking. So, I cannot comment on that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Darshika Khemka from AV Fincorp. 
Please go ahead.  
Darshika Khemka: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, what are your plans on debt reduction. And how do we plan 
to reduce it going ahead. And on a similar line I also have a question, that you are trying to do a 
fundraise of 500 crores so, would you be planning to do this fundraise to reduce your debt or 
what is the reason? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, the first question on debt reduction, the debt we have on our books is sustainable, if we see 
the secured debt it's 156 crores and we are able to manage that out and that would be reduced 
with the timelines on the dues that are  repayable as per schedule. The second part of the debt 
which  are long term unsecured and repayable as per mutual convenient term.  So, whenever 
more surplus or free cash flows are coming in from the projects, that's the time when the 

 
Page 8 of 10 
company will decide to reduce that debt. So, we don't have any particular deadline on it, but yes, 
company is looking at that also. And maybe once the projects are at a very good mature stage 
where not excess cash flow is required, then the company can take a call to reduce those debts. 
And second question on the 500 crores, it’s just an enabling resolution which we renew every 
year. So, even if we raise any new capital that would be only for acquisition of new projects and 
not to repay the debt. The debt that is there on the books will get paid back from the internal 
accruals as well as the surplus cash flows coming in from the ongoing projects.  
Darshika Khemka: 
Okay. Also, I have missed the number that you had said in the opening remarks for the per square 
feet pricing is value, I think it is 6274 if I am not wrong? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes, so this quarter we achieved the average pricing of Rs.6282 per square foot as an average 
price and last financial year, it was Rs.5797. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Perfect. I had another question so, now that your luxury projects or luxury segments are 
increasing, but there are plans on increasing the luxury project? 
Parth Chhajer: 
So, we'll be looking at opportunities at all levels, not just luxury, although luxury is the trend 
today, but we are able to sustain and sell and grow in all the segments of affordable housing as 
well as mid income housing. So, right now, there's not many plans to do everything in luxury. 
And we'll continue to do what we are doing right now. Obviously company is getting a good 
feeling that the Villas can do well over the next decade from here on, and that is something that 
will change the real estate, landscape and real estate market also. So, we are exploring more new 
opportunities in the Villa segment which is quite rare in the MMR region. Apart from that, we 
are getting very more opportunities but then as per the availability of the capital the company 
will have to take the calls. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Rishab Rathod an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Rishab Rathod: 
Firstly, speaking about the premium project can you speak more about on that and secondly what 
kind of, total GDP we are looking from this project and can we expect our margins to be better 
from upcoming new premium projects? 
Parth Chhajer: 
Yes, so the new premium project that we have acquired is the Arihant World Villa, which is the 
Villa project. So, the total revenue expected is around 1000 crores from this project. And we are 
looking at slightly higher margins compared to the average margin that we do in the other 
segments. So, as I said, the EBITDA levels we are looking at is around  40%+ for this project , 
coming from the sale of this project. So, it's a big land parcel we've just given a glimpse of it 
also in the presentation of the layout. And we are not only doing sales, but we will also be 
developing annuity assets which would yield a good IRR to the company going further ahead in 
future. 

 
Page 9 of 10 
Rishab Rathod:  
Okay. And another question related to Gymkhana and resorts. Would it be managed by ourselves 
or would it be managed by a third party. And when can we expect it to be operational or when 
can we expect it to be launched and thirdly, what kind of membership fee are we looking at? 
Parth Chhajer:  
So, as of now, we've thought that we'll be managing these assets internally only by recruiting 
experts and tying up with the expert human resources available to manage these assets. And we 
are expecting that we start the construction for these also. At the same time, when they start the 
construction of the Villas. And the construction timeline for the Gymkhana is expected to be two 
years. And for the resort it would be around two and a half years from January 24 onwards. And 
the membership fee, what we have thought of for the Villas is around Rs.5 lakh, it's at an early 
stage, but that's something that is exciting to the market also, because it's not just like a sports 
club. It's a club, which is a lifestyle club also, and it's quite rare combination and in Navi Mumbai 
we don't have anything like this, I've never been to any lifestyle club, which is based on 10 and 
a half acres of land area and providing everything right from sports to leisure to lifestyle to dining 
experiences. So, everything we have thought of is quite unique and will excite the market going 
further. So, the plan what we thought of is that, Rs.5 lakh for the first member and then the 
balance if they want to add on their family members like spouse and two children, you can top 
it up with another Rs.2.5 lakhs. So, Rs.7.5 lakhs for four members is what we are thinking of. 
So, it makes it around Rs.1,87,500 per person, which is quite a good offer. So, that is something 
which we have thought of and it is yet to be rolled out. 
Rishab Rathod:  
And in terms of launching the product, can we expect it by 25-26 calendar year? 
Parth Chhajer:  
So, launch will be in January, February of this 2024. So, Q4 is when we are expecting the launch 
of the Villa, membership is something which we can launch today also because it doesn't require 
RERA, but the Villas will be launched once we get the RERA approval. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gopal Rathi from Global Capital 
Market Limited. Please go ahead.  
Gopal Rathi: 
Sir, may I ask what is the status of Arihant Aakarshan project which have halted?  
Parth Chhajer:  
So, as of now, it is status quo from the last concall update and we expect to get clarity by Q2 
FY23 from the authorities and we will be able to tell you the way forward after that. So, as we 
said both options are open today also either the authorities allow us to develop the project and 
then we go on the same manufacturing style wherein we develop and sell and construct and 
complete the project or then or if not that, then the government will acquire the land for which 
we be compensated. So, it is going to yield cash flows to the company either ways. 
Gopal Rathi:  
Okay. Sir my next question is, going forward do we expect more luxury project like this?  
Parth Chhajer:  
Like I said, we are looking at more projects for the Villas, because that is something which is a 
unique product in today's market or in the entire MMR region also. So, on the Villa side, we are 
looking at exploring more new projects. But yet obviously, our parameters should match and we 

 
Page 10 of 10 
should be able to get land at a good cost to develop such projects. So, we are looking at more 
Villa projects in the luxury segment.  
Gopal Rathi:  
Okay, sir. Lastly, I want to ask, what kind of impact will it have on margins since our average 
land acquisition cost have gone up from 250 per square foot to 400, like that I am seeing? 
Parth Chhajer:  
So, the margins are still intact. So, we've taken price hikes also and the average has gone up 
because the Villa pricing per square foot is around 600 because Villa is sold only on carpet area 
basis. So, that's why the pricing has increased, but the margins will remain intact so we don't see 
the margins dipping down because if we see the year-on-year average realization also there's an 
8% increase in the sales price from Q1 FY23 to Q1 FY24. So, prices of the products are also 
increasing in the similar fashion to protect our margins.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management of Arihant Superstructures Limited for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Parth Chhajer:  
Thank you everyone for joining the call and do get in touch with us all our Investor Relations 
Team, Valorem Advisors in case of any further queries or details. So, we will be happy to 
reconnect. 
