 
 
           GEL/SEC/2023-24/22 
 
           June 05, 2023 
                                                                      
                    
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 FY'23 earnings conference call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q4 FY'23 
earnings conference call held on May 29, 2023. The transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.gokaldasexports.com/investors/ . 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
 
Gourish Hegde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code - 532630 
   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
   The Exchange Plaza 
   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
   Mumbai – 400 051 
   Scrip Code: GOKEX 
GOURISH 
GANAPATI HEGDE
Digitally signed by GOURISH 
GANAPATI HEGDE 
Date: 2023.06.05 17:00:53 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Gokaldas Exports Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIVARAMAKRISHNAN GANAPATHI – VICE 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, GOKALDAS 
EXPORTS LIMITED 
MR. SATHYAMURTHY ANNAMALAI – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, GOKALDAS EXPORTS LIMITED 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Gokaldas Exports Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on the touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from Ernst & Young LLP. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all the participants on this call. 
Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause future results, 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Please note that we have mailed the results and the presentation and 
the same are available on the company's website. In case if you have not received the same, you 
can write to us and we will be happy to send the same over to you.  
To take us through the results and answer your questions today we have the top management of 
Gokaldas Exports Limited represented by Mr. Sivaramakrishnan Ganapathi – Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director and Mr. Sathyamurthy Annamalai – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone past and then conduct a Q&A 
session. With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Siva. Over to you, Sir. 
S. Ganapathi: 
Thank you, Binay. Good morning, everyone. Happy to have you at our Earnings Call for the 
Financial Year of 2023. 
Global markets continue to be volatile with Central Banks continuing to wage a war on high 
inflation by maintaining high interest rates. Post-COVID quantitative easing followed by 
quantitative tightening in the United States has unleashed a whiplash in the economy. The supply 
chain disruption in CY21 that is calendar ‘21 and early ‘22 coupled with robust post-COVID 
demand facilitated by governments pump-priming their economies resulted in brands ordering 
excess inventory. Higher inflation also meant that prices of goods went up while volume growth 
was modest. Subsequent easing of the supply chain and the tight money supply led to a reversal 
of the situation. Brands were stuck with higher inventory and have been working on liquidating 
it over the last six to nine months.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
For Gokaldas Exports this meant that the year started with strong revenue and profit growth 
resulting from a robust order book and effective sub capacity utilization. The second half of the 
year saw muted volume in line with market conditions. Major customers were consciously 
liquidating excess inventory holding and dealing with the sluggish retail market. We managed 
our operations very well consistently growing our operating margins and delivered improved 
PAT quarter-on-quarter. Our ability to effectively balance capacity with orders on hand and 
execution excellence played very well in delivering 25% revenue growth and 48% net profit 
growth year-on -year.  
For context, the Indian apparel exports for FY23 grew by about 1%. Our EBITDA margin grew 
by 116 basis points over the previous year after providing Rs.23 crores for ESOP charges 
indicating superior operating performance. We generated cash from operations of about Rs. 296 
crores during the year securing a healthy financial base for the company. The company continues 
to build on its financial strength and currently has cash net of debt of 333 crores while part of 
the reduction is due to business volume tight business management helps the company unlock 
working capital. Our ROCE remains high at 27%. We continue to closely monitor potential 
macroeconomic risks and take measures to mitigate them by focusing on strengthening customer 
relationships and service excellence.  
We are vigilant to concerns such as ongoing military conflicts, global monetary tightening, and 
China’s economic trajectory. Our immediate focus is on maintaining exceptional service 
delivery while navigating potential short-term challenges. We maintained a high on time and in 
full delivery metrics endearing ourselves to customers. The long-term prospects for the industry 
remain intact with continuing shift of global sourcing away from China, supplier consolidation 
towards efficient and well capitalized players and supply side instabilities in several countries, 
favorable currency PLI and FTA's with key markets should drive the company to a strong future. 
In these egregious times the company operated with a lot of determination while constantly 
assessing risks and above all showing courage. As an agile high performance and entrepreneurial 
organization, we thrive on such disruptions taking advantage of the opportunity such challenges 
throw at us. Seizing new opportunities, grabbing market share, expanding our manufacturing 
footprint, investing in productivity improvements, staying razor sharp on customer delivery 
metrics we emerged as an indispensable part of the global value chain while the global economy 
is anemic at the moment. The good news is it can only get better over a period of time. We 
expect the demand situation to improve in the second half of the year. We are committed to 
gaining market share and preparing ourselves for business growth when market conditions turn 
more favorable. Our capacity addition is also in line with this.  
As an organization, we are future ready. I thank you for listening and would be happy to address 
any questions that you may have. 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from the line of 
Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions for this like when we interacted domestic players also here there 
is some slowdown and in the export market of course there is volatility and slow down there 
also. So, while you have always guided H2 to be demand starts picking up, so how are you seeing 
the market right now in the near term say for one or two quarters also wanted to understand we 
have reported steady numbers in terms of say the quarter-on-quarter, so wanted to understand if 
we have added any new customers or are we in talks with any customer that can also you know 
help increasing the revenue going forward and the business demand is a little slow? 
S. Ganapathi: 
We had always guided that the second half of FY23 would be somewhat muted over the last one 
year and I think it is played out as we had guided. We had also indicated that first half of the 
FY24 will also remain somewhat similar in terms of the market demand condition with the 
second half of FY24 when we expect growth to pick up and I think we are maintaining that 
situation at the moment. We see that the economic conditions have not dramatically improved it 
has remained where they are. However, we feel that from calendar 2024 should start seeing an 
upward trajectory because most of the inventory would have been liquidated and year-on-year 
brands would see growth on a muted base of calendar 23 which itself means that they will start 
coming back to buying more from us. So, starting Q3 we should start seeing some upward 
trajectory and we are hoping that we will stay prepared for the incremental traction that we shall 
start seeing from then on. This is based on what we see at the moment, how we read the economy 
at the moment. As for the next question on customer addition we have just recently added two 
new customers one US based and one UK based and we are hoping that we shall be able to 
continue to grow with them. These are prestigious clients and clients with the good business 
potential going forward and we hope that we will be able to capitalize on this addition. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Sir for the revenue from the new customers will start coming in from this quarter and it was not 
accounted in the previous quarter? 
S. Ganapathi: 
That is correct. They have just been acquired so it will start playing out in FY24. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
Also sir there is inventory getting depleted or it is getting lower a little by the US, but anything 
from our customer specific point of view what are they guiding in terms of revenue growth to 
you I mean how is that scenario like we know the global data and everything, but according to 
that customer specific if we have any guidance that can maintain this growth rate how are they 
telling you in terms of inventory and is that the problem getting solved faster maybe because we 
supply to the bigger brands or something so wanted to have that perspective from our customers 
point of view? 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, it's a mixed bag we supply to a number of customers and different customers are at different 
stages in their own market handling situation, inventory situation etcetera. So, there are some 
customers who have liquidated quite a bit and still have some residual inventory to liquidate. 
Some of them have liquidated almost all of it and hopefully they will start buying more once 
they start seeing the demand pick up they are not ordering at the moment. They are maintaining 
a lower inventory to sales ratio at the moment. So, it is a mixed bag at the moment nobody is 
bullish, but I do not think they are very bearish either so we will hopefully see we will be able 
to read things better as a few more months pass by as to how confidently they will come back 
buying. The general trend seems to be that things are seemingly bottoming out but let us see how 
it plays out. 
Gunjan Kabra: 
And also this quarter we did higher EBITDA margin which is 13.4% around, so do you think 
we can stretch this to the entire year or is it just one quarter or is it sustainable? 
S. Ganapathi: 
Good question it is not sustainable. What happened in Q4 was that we had made excessive 
provisions on certain gratuity and employee related cost items this is based on certain 
assumptions. We keep in mind that we are extremely conservative when it comes to taking up 
accounting provision. So, we had over provided in the first three quarters which we kind of wrote 
back after making an actuarial evaluation of the employee benefit costs. So, that is why there 
may be a bit of a higher margin being indicated in Q4. You should take the average for the year 
as an indicator. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Abhineet from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Abhineet: 
If you can just highlight the status of various CAPEX that you are doing, are they on track and 
when do we see revenues coming from those? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, your voice faded out was your question when will the CAPEX start playing out in revenue 
terms was that the question? 
Abhineet: 
Both for the Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, the Madhya Pradesh unit we anticipate is to start commercial production starting somewhere 
in June of 2023 so next month and we are hoping that it will clock about Rs.50 odd crores in this 
financial year the other unit which is coming up in Tamil Nadu we anticipate it to go live 
somewhere in September which is the early 3rd Quarter and really it is bigger contribution to 
revenue shall come in FY25. So, in FY25 both of them put together we should hopefully see 
about Rs.300 crores of top line being contributed by both these projects. 
Abhineet: 
And our thought of that Bangladesh JV where do we stand right now? 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, most of the work has been done the site has been identified and everything. We are just 
holding in a holding pattern there waiting for signals of market turnaround before we start 
activating that capacity. So, we are just waiting to see some improved traction before we start 
over there. 
Abhineet: 
And lastly on the margin side you did indicate that FY23 is a better indicator, but over a two, 
three-year perspective our earlier type of indication that we should improve by 50 basis point 
every year that continues for the next few years? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, as I had indicated earlier that we probably have about 1% to 1.5% EBITDA improvement 
opportunity going forward in a two-to-three-year timeframe so I maintain that. In the short term 
based on demand supply situations there may be some aberration especially when there are 
demand headwinds there will be pricing pressures. There are short term impact like labour costs 
have gone up because minimum wages have gone up in Karnataka where bulk of our operations 
are and the costs have gone up by 9% to 10%. So, we are offsetting that also through improved 
productivity. So, there are those kind of short-term challenges, but the trajectory that we 
mentioned about EBITDA improvement of about 1.5% over a two-to-three-year time frame will 
continue notwithstanding short term aberrations which we will anyway overcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nishid Shah from Ambika Fincap Consultants 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nishid Shah: 
My question is Siva on industry tailwinds is so positive and now that we are through with the 
so-called slowdown and all, can we expect over a normalized period or 20% growth for us now 
that you have capacity and all in place? 
S. Ganapathi: 
In the normal period a 20% growth is definitely possible and that is definitely within the realm 
of what we will target. There will be short-term inability to do that over a few quarters because 
of demand-related headwinds, but in a normal period what you mentioned is absolutely correct 
that is what we are targeting. We will probably try to do better also but trying to do 20% is 
something which we will always endeavor to. 
Nishid Shah: 
And secondly on the margins with rupee having depreciated, so where do you see our margins, 
is there a scope for improvement over the next 12 to 18 months? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, in the next 12 months I would not be very sure given demand situation at least for the next 
6 month and whenever there is a demand headwind there will always be an inability to increase 
prices etcetera on the contrary there will be a pricing pressure. We are partially elevating that 
through better raw material prices and better production efficiencies at the moment. So, 
improving margins will certainly happen, but I would say if we take a three-year time frame I 
am confident that we have the ability to improve the EBITDA margin by 1% to 1.5%. 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Nishid Shah: 
And these new plants at MP and your other initiatives at Bangladesh etcetera should also help 
you improve margins, is not it? 
S. Ganapathi: 
That is correct however their initial effect will be to drop the margins, but since they will be 
small in relation to the rest of the business it may not be very materials, but as these plants starts 
ramping up the cost will be higher so they may be negative for a little brief while till they reach 
their proficiency level and start yielding margin. At a steady state, those new units will be more 
margin friendly than our existing business given the cost structures in those zones. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Misra from RTL Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Misra: 
I have two questions first and I am not talking about anything short term I quite appreciate there 
are challenges in short term, but if I look at FY23 results as compared to FY22 our gross margins 
have actually seen a decline maybe also on account of prices and all and we also had employee 
cost issue because of the ESOPs so that has also gone up and despite that we have seen 70 basis 
point improvement in margin, so if I look at this I mean if I look at efficiency which are there 
beyond the gross margin it is almost like 400 basis points or more than that, so my question is 
that when things normalize can we actually look at much more margin expansion than what you 
are guiding at 1.5% over three years so that is question number one and question number two is 
finally when do you expect the tax rate actually to go up because tax rate was supposed to go up 
in FY23 that is a good news that it has not gone up, but should we expect normalization of tax 
rate in FY24? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, as far as the gross margin is concerned it is a function of the product mix. So, product mix 
changes sometimes can have a gross margin change because gross margin is revenue minus the 
material cost. So, when we have high value products being produced quite often we may see a 
lower gross margin, but a superior EBITDA margin because the manufacturing effort for that 
may not be as high, but the gross margin number expressed as a percentage of sales would tend 
to fall because the raw material cost seemingly are high. So, we are judicious, we try to maximize 
our bottom line rather than simply gross margins given our product mix basket. As far as your 
question on is there a potential to improve our EBITDA margin more than what I have guided 
so there always exists opportunities and we will always be exploring those opportunities to go 
for it, let it play out there are several variables that we deal with including raw material prices, 
demand supply etcetera. So, what I have given is an aggregate of various factors at play, but 
certainly we will endeavor to see if we can push the envelope more. As far as the tax impact is 
concerned from FY24 onwards we will be having the full impact of taxes. The tax percentage 
should be 25.1% from FY24 onwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Amar from Alfaccurate. Please go ahead. 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Amar: 
Sir, largely wanted to understand if the market what I understand is that ours is a slightly 
premium products business versus the knitting business which is like at the low end of the 
pyramid and normally what we see even in the tough time the luxury or relatively ultra-luxury 
kind of business does not get impacted and it revives faster, so is this a scenario for us also and 
that is why we were less impacted related to the industry. 
S. Ganapathi: 
For example, our ASP will be in the range of $8, $10 so we are at certainly high value, but not 
ultra-high value. So, what happens is that commodity products like say Knitwear etcetera may 
see headwinds depending on the economic conditions. Ultra-luxury products may not see any 
headwinds regardless of market situations, but we do not produce those Gucci and Armani all 
of that. We are in mass fashion premium product out there. So, we are in that sweet spot 
somewhere in between where volumes exist where we can produce cost effectively where we 
can drive production efficiencies. The demand for our products has not been as hit and I think 
the probability of it recovering a bit faster could be better. 
Amar: 
As you are indicating that second half will be significantly better than for first half, but do we 
see that the revival should start from the let us say sequential revival should start from the second 
quarter onward? 
S. Ganapathi: 
It is very, very difficult to predict anything for various reasons. One, nobody is any wiser on the 
economy. Second brands on whom we are dependent on demand have also started ordering 
closer to date given that their ability to predict demand has also been weakened and they are 
unwilling to ramp up their inventory until they actually start seeing huge traction in terms of 
demand. So, my anticipation is that we should start seeing growth momentum pick up from the 
3rd Quarter. I do not think it will come earlier than that, but it is very difficult to predict who 
knows if things start looking up, it may happen sooner, but I am not going out there predicting 
things happening sooner so 3rd Quarter is more likely.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management LLP. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
First question is just from the nature of conversations and the number of conversations you are 
now having with customers if you could throw some light as to what is the texture of that now 
versus how it was one year ago and two years ago and whether those conversations have 
suddenly picked up in terms of number? 
S. Ganapathi: 
The nature of conversations again, when I say two years ago during COVID was highly uncertain 
post-COVID there were some buoyancies, but at the moment the way the nature of conversations 
vary from customer-to-customer. There are some customers who have liquidated inventories 
who are quite hopeful of demand picking up from spring 24 and are hinting that they will come 
back and start buying from the 3rd Quarter onwards because in the 3rd Quarter we produced our 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
spring of 24 and 4th Quarter for summer of 24. The general consensus of brand seems to be that 
by 4th Quarter there should be market should reasonably stabilize that summer of 24 so we will 
have to see that. In the interim brands are playing it close to their chest, they are indicating that 
they will come closer to date to buy more based on demand traction and the good news is that 
some of the brands have actually come and followed through on it and have placed the near-term 
orders as well indicating that some amount of traction that they are seeing or that they are 
predicting. So, it is a bit all over the map, but that is how it is happening in the US. UK based 
customers are actively talking waiting for the FTA to happen and many of them are waiting in 
the wings once the FTA happens, they would start taking advantage of it and with that in mind 
there are quite a few of them are having an aggressive conversations. The market conditions in 
UK also seems to be similar, but duty delta plays a big role. So, it all depends on where the 
customers are located, but at the end of the day the mood I would say has it is not exuberant for 
sure. It was quite muted; it is slightly improving. There is a bit of optimism I would think, but it 
is yet to really translate into significant numbers at the moment. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
So, are there a lot more plant visits being done by various new customers now to kind of keep 
the work ready and then press the trigger if they choose to do so later, is that how they are 
approaching it? 
S. Ganapathi: 
Yes, we have considerable number of visits to our factories and our design showrooms. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Secondly, these two new customers that we added UK and US just trying to understand what 
was the individual thought process to give orders to you I mean is it more driven by China plus 
one are they even willing to pay a premium to kind of source from India or they are trying to get 
it cheaper, so what was there individual thought process? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, these two both of them are a bit fashionable brand and a little premium in the market. So, 
they have not seen as much of negative traction as many other mass market brands have. The 
UK one is motivated by FTA. So, they are clearly out here to take advantage of the situation. 
They like our ability to handle designs and our quality of production. The American one is 
clearly coming here because they like our quality and they have not seen as much of a headwind 
in their sales. So, they are just adding quality vendors and we have become one of them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Apurva from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Apurva: 
So, my question is on the your commentary so like as we understand the growth lever also comes 
from the wallets are increasing from our clients and if I look at our clientele also likes of gaps, 
Zara or H&M so they are very significantly large clients and our contribution or our revenue to 
them would be hardly significant, so I am just wondering why that part is not mentioned in the 
commentary case we are just focusing on the market outlook and like whatever is happening in 
the broader market, but not on the wallet share, can you throw some light on that part? 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, what happens is when we overall buy from a brand comes down by say 25% or 30%. The 
higher quality producers may not see as much of a drop because we will be grabbing wallet share 
from weaker suppliers in the ecosystem. Having said all of that so wallet share may grow, but in 
absolute terms from our own base we may not be able to grow because the volumes of buy from 
the brand have actually come down. So, it may be inappropriate for them to have certain vendors 
grow while other vendors take a deeper cut. So, while everybody will decline YoY there may be 
vast differential between declines across this segment, but it always accompanies with a wallet 
share gain and in such difficult market times wallet share gains are more easier for us to attain 
because if the demand is down they typically tend to shut down a few suppliers or significantly 
reduce the outlay for certain suppliers. So, we have actually gained wallet shares in some of our 
larger customers. 
Apurva: 
So, that was my point currently this might be a very favorable period for us, so as a company 
what steps we are taking to garner more wallets share and that could help us to sustain, so without 
we are adding a customer or not, but at least that would the existing customer base would give 
us some set of a revenue visibility or growth because of incremental wallet? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, that is exactly the point I am saying that if you look at the buy from brand they have fallen 
by about 20% odd percent or 25% in many cases whereas our revenue let us take the 4th Quarter 
as an example. Fourth quarter revenue has fallen by about 10%. So, our drop if 10% in relation 
to the brand buying 25% less clearly indicates that we are gaining wallet share. The specifics 
will depend on the individual brands, but across the board we have gained wallet share and the 
reason we have gained is because we have simply executed well. We have ensured on time 
delivery, we have ensured quality throughout the past period and been very, very consistent in 
that. Once we do that we automatically are in a position to grab incremental orders at the cost of 
other. We have taken orders from China and Vietnam; we have taken orders which were hitherto 
being done by others in India and so on and so forth. So, that endeavor continues and we have 
done that across most of the brands. 
Apurva: 
Sir final thing on the Bangladesh so as you mentioned we are waiting for more clarity on the 
market condition, so do we expect it to start this year or again it could be linked to the market 
condition only because Bangladesh can open a route for UK or maybe the entire Europe market. 
So, that is why we were curious whether irrespective market and it is a very small CAPEX 
compared to your overall balance sheet size, so why we are slightly conservative on that 
Bangladesh part? 
S. Ganapathi: 
Keep in mind that Bangladesh also has a lot of capacity. So, we want the market conditions to 
improve and time it appropriate. I believe that we should be doing that somewhere we should 
initiate the work in FY24 and it is only a matter of taking a call on the timing. We are keeping a 
close watch on it and we are also talking to some customers basis that we will take a final call 
somewhere during the year. 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you Next question comes from the line of Amruta from wealth managers India Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amruta: 
So, I have two questions first is regarding the other income, so in the past three quarters it has 
increased like a lot, so what is the reason behind that, is it the improvement in the cash balance 
that we have and my second question is regarding the knitwear facility, so how is our traction 
with our existing customers in the woven category like even they have knitwear products, so 
how are they taking our CAPEX and are we looking to add more customers there? 
A. Sathyamurthy:: 
With reference to the other income, it is primarily on account of our investment income accruing 
from the mutual fund and the fixed deposits on account of our cash surplus that had been 
deployed in the mutual fund and such income is reflected under the other income. 
S. Ganapathi: 
Coming to the knit versus open demand. I think the knitwear demand is a bit more muted than 
woven demand. I am speaking at a very macro level. Again, the situation will change from brand-
to-brand, but at a macro level that is the situation. For our knitwear unit which is expected to 
come by September. We are hoping that the knit demand situation might improve by then and 
we are also in advanced discussion with several customers to facilitate uptake of those products 
so all of that is going on as we speak, but at an overall level knit is going a bit slower than woven 
at the moment. 
Amruta: 
How much time does it take for us to onboard a new customer for the whole process and for 
them to actually start the ordering activity after they are onboarded? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, it depends on the business situation. In a weak market situation, it could take up to a year 
sometimes it can take even two years depending on the customer and their protocols and in a 
strong market condition when there is a growth many other customers may be under intense 
pressure to ramp up volumes and hence things may happen much sooner as well and it can 
happen in six months at least. As far as the ramp up goes it usually starts small in the first two, 
three quarters and it takes over a year before we can start really seeing meaningful revenue of 
anywhere between Rs.50 and Rs.100 crores. Again, in a strong market situation, things can 
happen faster depending on the customer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Abhineet from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Abhineet: 
You did indicate that there was an extra provision during 9 months which were written back now 
what is that number so if you can quantify? 
A. Sathyamurthy:: 
It is about Rs.6 crores. 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Abhineet: 
So, at the present raw material prices and what could be the maximum F24 revenue that the 
company can clock? 
S. Ganapathi: 
F24 revenue is that your question? 
Abhineet: 
Yes. 
S. Ganapathi: 
I wish I have that crystal ball at the moment. Our endeavor is to see growth in financial year 24 
over 23 for sure and we are working towards that, but to pin the number at the moment maybe 
harder for me three months from now and may be in a slightly better situation to predict it is a 
bit difficult for me to pick a number for now. 
Abhineet: 
What I was trying to understand that what can be the max and not  wanted to know exactly what 
you were guiding for ‘24, just trying to understand the current capacity that we have what can 
be the max revenue for FY24? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, I do not want to confirm a number given the market dynamics and situation. Our endeavor 
would be to do as much as possible. Raw material prices are not the determinant at the moment 
while it helps us from a cost standpoint it is really market demand which is the factor and that 
in turn is a factor of economy and several other situations out there. My best guess is that things 
should start looking up in the second half and we should start seeing good traction. The pace of 
growth etcetera will determine how much we can grow in FY24. It is a bit hard at this moment 
at the start of FY24 to pin a number on percentage growth. In a normal year, I would have been 
very confident to say that we will always do about 20%, but this year it is a bit harder to pick a 
number given that most of our customers are a bit unsure of how they are going to buy in the 
very short term. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Misra from RTL Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Misra: 
My question is one of the most important thing about Gokaldas Exports is ASPs is and kind of 
product mix we have and I mean we are primarily in woven and most of the knits have lower 
ASP and product mix is really not that great, so with addition of knits how would our product 
mix and ASPs would change and would it also make our margins or demand slightly more 
volatile as compared to where we are right now and once the full capacity ramp up happens 
whenever in next ’24, ’25, ‘26 what would be the breakdown between knit and woven in terms 
of revenues? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, let me answer the second question first. When the knits business fully ramps up, my 
expectation is knits will be anywhere between 10% to 15% of total revenue. Woven will still 
constitute to be a majority of our revenue and hence the impact on overall ASP may not be as 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
much knits will have its own set of characteristics and remember knits we are backward 
integrated as well into fabric. So, the EBITDA margin percentages may look different and may 
even be superior because of backward integration, but that said I would think that knits ability 
to impact ASP may be lower because of its lower contribution. 
Rahul Misra: 
And I mean see in woven we have really high outerwear and probably higher end products, so 
in knit also there is higher end products or it is more about T-shirts and all those kind of things? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, of course there are higher end products in knit and those are more like the Athleisure 
products. Unfortunately, most people in India do not do that because the fabric ecosystem does 
not exist, synthetic knits are not available in India and that is why China, Vietnam and even 
Indonesia are the producers of those higher value knits. Since we will also be in cotton knit it is 
likely to be the regular product, within that segment we will try to be as premium as possible 
given our customers basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Manish Sehgal an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Manish Sehgal: 
Sir just wanted to understand the first dividend has been paid out after a long time, do you have 
any policy put in place for that given the cash flows have been quite decent and we do plan to 
invest, but not that much in terms of capacity addition? 
S. Ganapathi: 
So, we did have a deliberation at the board about this and we thought that since we are generating 
adequate cash in the business we would like to start by giving dividend. We would in a normal 
course we would like to maintain this trajectory. We will look at the business conditions as well 
as our investments going forward, but that is where we are at the moment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
S. Ganapathi: 
Thank you everyone for listening to us and asking questions. We are happy to engage with our 
investors in full transparency and discuss our business prospects and we continue to do that. 
While the market conditions are somewhat unknown at the moment given the macroeconomic 
situation we continue to explore ways to improve our operational efficiency and thereby hold on 
to our margins. There are certain headwinds which challenge us in terms of cost structures, in 
terms of pricing, etc., but we are doing our best to offset it. As I had mentioned, in a steady state 
we would like to continue our 20% plus kind of growth trajectory and we would like to work on 
a 1.5% EBITDA improvement. This road may take a little longer given the given the current 
market condition, but we will get back on the trajectory as soon as possible as soon as the market 
permits us to do so. We are cautiously optimistic about how the market situation will improve. 
I believe that from the 3rd Quarter which is when we will be producing for calendar ‘24 we 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
May 29,2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
should start seeing improved traction. It is also an election year in principle market both the US 
and UK. So, we should hopefully have the economy perform a bit better in an election year. We 
will see how things evolve, but we are very opportunistic and we will work with our customers 
and not let go any opportunity to seek growth which become available to us. Thank you for your 
support to Gokaldas Exports. We will remain committed to driving business performance as we 
go forward. Thank you one and all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Gokaldas Exports Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
