 
 
 
           
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:  17.08.2023 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
 
NSE Symbol: AVROIND 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543512 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors Conference Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of the Investors Conference Call of Avro India Limited (‘the Company’) held on Monday, 14th 
August, 2023 at 02:30 p.m. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully 
 
For AVRO INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
Sumit Bansal 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
M.No: A42433 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
  
 
 
SUMIT 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by 
SUMIT BANSAL 
Date: 2023.08.17 
11:16:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Avro India Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Results Conference Call” 
August 14, 2023 
  
 
 
       
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL KUMAR AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN – AVRO 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. KAJOL GOWDA – KIRIN ADVISORS PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Avro India Limited, hosted by Kirin Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Kajol Gowda from Kirin Advisors. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am. 
Kajol Gowda: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to Avro India Limited Q1 FY24 
earnings conference call. From the management side, we have Mr. Sushil Kumar Aggarwal, 
the Chairman of Avro India Limited. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Sushil. Over to you, sir. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Kajol. Thank you very much. And a very, very good afternoon to all of you. Hello, 
friends. First of all, I would like to wish you all a very happy and successful day. We are very 
proud of our country. And as a citizen, proud citizen, I really want to wish you all a very happy 
Independence Day. 
To begin with, I'd like to say that it's a great pleasure to have you all on a conference call to 
discuss our first quarter performance. We started FY24 on a positive note by reporting total 
income of about INR23.34 crores, maintaining our EBITDA margin at almost 10%, we 
reported EBITDA of INR2.30 crores and PAT of INR1.01 crores. This is a testament of 
resilience, strategic investment, and our focus on cost control. 
 
I believe you all would have had the opportunity to go through the results published in the 
exchange. What I want to share with you all is the business prospect of Avro India Limited 
from a future perspective. We saw a reasonably muted Q1 from the standpoint of buoyancy in 
the market. There was some amount of latency, some amount of, let's say, recklessness, or 
some amount of let us say, low output, low offtake. But anyway, we are in the process of 
debottlenecking a couple of things, and out of which, a plastic recycling facility. 
 
And also bringing in new Molds and SQs as per customer taste and expectations to cater to 
ever evolving consumers across length and breadth of the country, which means we are going 
on adding product after product, new products so that we can actually challenge the consumer's 
mindset and offer them something better than that they have never seen. This approach has 
allowed us to tap the new market and expand revenues while maintaining robust growth. 
 
We are also enthusiastic in enhancing our regional presence and increasing our distribution 
share. This will eventually increase our presence in Pan India in line with our vision to become 
a leading plastic furniture manufacturer of India. We are already a national brand with greater 
visibility in channels across India. Currently, we are operating in 18 states across the length 
and breadth of the country, right from Jammu and Kashmir to Kerala and to Gujarat to Assam, 
and three UN territories. 
And expanding our reach beyond these geographies to reach out to prospective buyers and 
consumers due to our wide range of products, which are aesthetically designed, qualitative, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
and aggressive pricing to reach critical mass and double our existing turnover rapidly over a 
period of time. 
 
In the meantime, the demand for recycled plastic is rapidly increasing due to growing 
awareness about recycling through ESG to whatever government policies mandating the use of 
recycled plastic by manufacturers and the ability to maintain product quality even with reused 
plastic after recycling. 
One of our prime investments has been in the backward integration through the establishment 
of plastic upcycling plant. We call it upcycling from the standpoint of validation that we do. Of 
course, it is recycling in a way as a process, but yes, we are actually delivering value. 
 
This venture will play a pivotal role in driving profitability by effectively managing costs. The 
pallets or the granules manufactured from this plant are being utilized in our production 
processes 100% at this point of time. We do not have material to offer to others and this will 
significantly reduce cost over a period of time compared to market-sourced pallets of granules. 
This focus on cost optimization will be a crucial driver of our success in today and in future 
times to come. 
 
We're actively working on optimizing our working capital cycles to enhance liquidity and 
operational efficiency. Our focus on capacity utilization remains robust, allowing us to 
maximize productivity by upholding quality standards. Moreover, we've been actively 
expanding our presence in both online and offline sales channels to adapt to changing 
consumer behaviour and reach a wider customer base. 
 
We are in the investment phase with equal focus on production as well as increasing marketing 
reach. Lots of new resources in terms of manpower or anything else for that matter are being 
deployed in front end and back end in terms of social, digital media, etcetera, so that we can 
achieve this critical mass and achieve scale and growth. 
We believe our efforts will start seeing exponential results in FY ‘24 and in ensuing years 
because all the capital investment that is going in deployment of manpower, as well as SKU 
and recycling put together, we are the only company in the entire country today to become an 
integrated process manufacturer from post-consumer plastic waste to B2B and B2C having a 
complete value chain. This is something which is absolutely phenomenal and which means 
over a period of time, depending upon how much we are able to scale up our operation, this 
will start giving us the phenomenal results that we've all been waiting for. 
So I believe the demand outlook is very promising and would earn us the best rewards for our 
investment in times to come. I believe in the process and trust has been instrumental in a 
growth journey and we remain committed to creating sustainable advantages for our 
stakeholders and shareholders. 
Now, let's open the floor for question and discussion. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and answer-session. The first 
question is from the line of Alok Damani from Shree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Alok Damani: 
Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, our EBITDA margin is 
of 10%, is it sustainable?  
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Is that the only question you have, Alok? Or you have some other question? I will continue. 
Alok Damani: 
Yes, some other questions. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Okay, let me answer this one straight away for the time being. You know, interestingly, Alok, I 
believe that in a manufacturing setup, this kind of EBITDA is reasonably low. It's actually low. 
It should have been better and higher. But what happens is everything matters in the critical 
mass scale. And what we are trying to do is geographically we are spreading. We are spreading 
across the nation and 1.4 billion people with ever increasing rising disposable income and 
people below poverty line rising to that level. 
So when it comes to plastic furniture per se, we are in the category where we are talking of 
afforestation. We are supporting afforestation from the standpoint to look at these plastic 
furniture are indoor, outdoor, usable for more than two decades. When I say two decades, it 
means two decades. All right? And they're so cost effective. And another thing is that 4x to 6x 
it can be recycled and then later, finally it gets into making of the road. 
Now, this particular deployment, what is happening is not only the testing that we have, the 
range we have, the people that we deployed earlier, we did not have people in South India and 
West India. Now we have people including Mumbai and you know, Nagpur, etcetera, or 
Kerala, for the time being, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, etcetera, Assam, Bengal, wherever, we are 
having resources now being deployed. 
And because we have greater acceptability for past 21 years in the product category that we are 
into, we have leadership. And not only that, from the standpoint of aesthetically designed 
products, we have more than 25 designs which are listed in our register, which are very 
different and unique. And we are 40% cheaper than the national brand. So there are takers 
everywhere. 
So I believe that the moment we reach that critical mass and that scale, Alok, then this 
EBITDA margin will certainly go up dramatically, which will be very good. 
Alok Damani: 
 
Okay. And sir, could you please bifurcate for online and offline sales for the plastic furniture?  
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Yes, I'll put it this way, that in last year, we sold more than 36,000 orders on Flipkart, Amazon, 
Mesho, Jio, and FirstCry, and so on and so forth. In fact, we are number one on Amazon in 
terms of the reach or the product ranking rating both put together and more than 6,500 zip 
codes we have served across India out of approximately 19,000 zip codes. So that's take us. So 
in terms of revenue, I think, I had this note a number of 36,000-plus all that we have served, 
but revenue breakup I may not have right now, so I would urge you to kindly give me that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
time. Let me find out in case if I can give revenue breakup, because I did not want to give you 
a breakup which I don't have the number, so I'll try to give you that. 
Alok Damani: 
Okay, sir, no problem. Sir, if any new product introduced in Furniture Portfolio? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Yes, Alok, I'm so glad you said that. In fact, last week, Thursday, Friday, I was in Mumbai, 
and we have a manufacturer, a mold from China, which they've got it set up here in India. So I 
ordered a couple of new Molds. As a company, we believe that today, to let us say, excite 
customers, we need to give them new product categories on the line. For example, if you see 
mobile phones right from these large corporate software and so on and so forth, they keep sort 
of giving, or even Apple for that matter. 
Apple is the first in this particular category. We keep enticing customers with a new array. So 
does we. We always ensure that all the obsolete models which are let's say, probably low in the 
volume discard them. We keep getting newer products so that we are fresh in the industry. And 
that's probably the reason that today from Ghaziabad or Noida-Delhi to going up to almost 
2,500 kilometers deep down to South Kerala. It's not an easy job to go and sell metal there or 
in Karnataka. 
But last month we had one of the highest sales in Karnataka amongst the entire list of the 
entire July purchase. So which demonstrates that today because of this category of product that 
we are making and will continue to bring and assure and ensure that freshness remains in the 
market is what is our domain in 40 years’ time and we will capitalize on that. 
Alok Damani: 
Okay sir and sir as we hear about has we hearing a lot of recycling but it's not transferring into 
our result. So when can we see the scale in the vertical? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Thank you Alok, you ask a very valid question. This is true that the capacity that we have 
today, we are unable to debottleneck that for various reasons. When it comes to establishment 
of a process which nobody has ever seen in the country, because to process post-consumer 
plastic waste, let's say, we are talking about cement bags, fertilizer bags, wall putty bags, milk 
pouches, so on and so forth. There is a science behind that and it entails certain process where 
right from the washing to the grinding, to add loads to so on and so forth, scientific process. 
And when we build that, there are no standard specifications of the machine, the infrastructure 
that are required or desired or that are available in the country. In fact, we are at the national 
stage in the country when it comes to let's say, recycling or upcycling, most consumer plastic 
waste, not the industry. Industry, anybody can do. All right, we have to just grind it, that's it. 
But in this case, because this is science, so what is happening is we are building that scale, we 
have built that scale. In fact, we had a space of over 30,000 square feet, we added another 
25,000 square feet. So right now we have 55,000 square feet. 
We have a production ability of more than 600 tons per day. I'm talking to you. We are able to 
reach about 250 tons of both, but the moment we reach that symmetrical mark and we'll 
continue to expand month-by-month, month-by -month. And by this year, and we believe that, 
because our own consumption itself is about 600 tons, 700 tons. So we will consume anyway. 
And the moment we consume that our cost of production will be low naturally we'll be able to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
offer aggressive pricing, so our production output of our finished goods also will increase. And 
once it increases the consumption in our consumption also will increase so whatever we are 
producing will get self-consumed. 
Naturally, we are the only able to reach that particular mass so what is happening two 
advantage one is the final product that we're able to sell and offer to the across the country for 
that matter. Two, the in-house capacity that we're building up in terms of recycling and using it 
in-house and consuming it. So these dual advantages that we will have will certainly make it a 
very different company altogether. So the process is taking some time and I believe, we lost 
Q1, we might probably have challenged Q2 also, but Q3, Q4 onwards it will start looking 
very-very positive. 
Alok Damani: 
Okay, sir would you be required to quantify the capex for the same? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Yes, Alok, there are two things. One is that we set up capex, slowly, progressively, step-by-
step. That's what we're doing at this point of time. But we are also been contemplating that, I 
said in the last couple of con call that we have had, that we are also probably looking at a bulk 
deployment of capex, and which means a greenfield infrastructure, which will have a huge 
mass, which will be a beautiful, different, scalable model and sustainable model. Because, let 
me put in numbers. 
For example, today, in the pan-India today, more than 60 lakh metric tons, 6 millimetre ton of 
plastic is available, which is post-consumer plastic, out of which 66% is TP HD LD, which is a 
primary source of material, which is the most widely spread and used material for that matter, 
and we use TP in our company. So now that material is available, but there are no takers, there 
are no refiners, there are no processors. And we got into that first mover advantage, we learned 
the tricks of the trade and business, and as I said, even the deep bottleneck is happening. 
So over the present, because of the abundant availability of this material, we are in a position 
to actually scale up. Number one the military is available, number two we can process we need 
to scale up we need infrastructure capex for that. Number three there's a consumption, number 
four there's an offloading of material also because the consumption is there in the market. So 
these things I know integrated advantage that we are getting is what we're looking at. 
So naturally, there are two choices. One, you go organic. You just go step-by-step, step-by-
step, you know, go on increasing capacity month-by-month. That is one choice. Second, we 
continue to do that, but you know, we also bring in a large capex and ensure that you know, 
okay, all of a sudden, we scale up this to the next maybe 5x, 6x or 10x also. So we are 
certainly looking at that option also. 
Alok Damani: 
 
Sir, what is the plan of funding for this capex? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
That we need to know from you, Alok. Because we as a company, whatever small IPO that we 
did long back, was very, very small. But in any case, I think the right time is now, where the 
company actually needs to really go big. And it can. And it has to bear with all. Because we 
are not just geographically located in North India, we are a pan-India company today, 
operating out of 21 states. So it's 18 states and three units directly. And we're ever increasing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
and rising, and I'm sure we will complete the entire value chain across India. So which means, 
when we are at the front end, we are a product company. When we are establishing our product 
everywhere, that means there are takers, there are buyers, and it will be reputed in sales. 
Now, we have to only go inward with the, recycling of materials, which is so easy for us to do 
because we have learned the trick of the trade. Now, only thing that we need to do is expand, 
which means capital. So when it comes to capital, we are also looking at various options of 
instruments that are suitable, depending upon what kind of appetite we have, what kind of 
mark-up we're looking, what kind of scale we're looking at, what kind of investment is 
possible, doable, and if there are takers, investments actually coming forward for that. And the 
moment we have a right strike, we'll certainly go for it. 
Alok Damani: 
 
Okay, thank you, thank you so much, sir. 
Sushil Aggarwal:  
Thank you, Alok. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Miraj from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead.  
Miraj: 
Hi, thank you for taking next question, sir. I have just a few questions. First is, sir, if you could 
give the volumes for the quarter. And the second one is that I just wanted to have some clarity 
on the post-consumer plastic recycling line that we have. 
Last quarter we had the capacity of 300 tons and right now as you've mentioned it is close to 
600 tons. So if I could get some clarity on how is the debottlenecking currently going? How 
long it will it take till it becomes sustainable and when by when do we aim to take it up to 
1,000 tons? These are my first two questions. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Right, right. First question, Miraj, can you repeat? You had asked about some volume. What is 
that? 
Miraj: 
Yes, volumes that we processed this quarter. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
No, no, not recycling. You were just talking about, first question was of something else 
because I could not hear the problem. 
Miraj: 
It was about the volume, sir. Volume in furniture that you sold this quarter. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
You want volume quantity? 
Miraj: 
Yes, sir. I'm so sorry, Miraj. I'm not having the quantity in front of me, but I will certainly send 
that details to you, no problem. I'll probably will figure it out and give you that. Okay. So, but 
in any case, coming to this particular recycling aspect, which said, no doubt as per the 
disclosure that we did, I love you asked. We had only mentioned 300 tons. Yes, we did have 
more than 300 tons, but we know we did not want to over-leverage and say that what is not 
possible. So anyway, we are reaching 250 tons, 260 tons, 270 tons and that kind of some, we 
are anywhere reaching.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
But right now we are not just sitting quiet. What we're doing, Miraj, is that we have, as a 
company, we have taken as a policy that we will go on expanding this particular ability of ours 
to in-house process capability, because the moment we reach, let's say, if we have 1,000 ton 
capacity, and we're able to reach 70%, 80% of the production efficiency, naturally, the moment 
we have that, we are able to reach 70%, 80%. But if we don't have, we cannot. 
So what we're trying to do is we are balancing that out. And when it comes to debottlenecking, 
they're very, very small issue. Let's say, you have labour challenges, they need to be trained. 
You may have equipment, instruments, systems, etcetera, because nothing is very, very 
standard in the country. And if at all there is something standard coming from China or 
Europe, it is so expensive, Miraj. Let's say, for example, a washing line from China will cost 
INR8 crores and when it comes from Europe, it might be anything, it could be beyond our 
understanding, but we don't spend money like that. We don't splurge.  
We understand the logic of spending on capital goods, that it has to be logical. So, what we do 
is we ensure that without compromising the quality and the cost we actually are able to deliver 
that kind of value and we are -- what we are trying to do is we are building capacity to a 
certain amount of material management as a vendor management and through that we not only 
get the efficiency we also proacticespra we are keeping it very close to our chest at this point 
of time.  
And over a period of time, the moment we keep adding these equipments, it will continue to be 
debottleneck and ensure that we are able to deliver that kind of volume. So, I think we are 
slowly. What is happening in a Miraj, there are ways, one can always stack up numbers and 
say this is the number. Second way is yes when it becomes a building capacity, so there are N 
number of challenges and issues that happen. But yes, we are absolutely slowly cruising, at the 
moment we pick up the traction, then it will be a different ballgame altogether.  
Miraj: 
Okay, got it, got it, sir. And sir, if you could just highlight a bit on the demand scenario, how is 
it looking for us right now, if that?  
Sushil Aggarwal: 
For furniture, plastic furniture?  
Miraj: 
Yes, yes sir on plastic furniture.  
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Incidentally, Miraj, there is a 15% organic growth across India on the plastic furniture. Let's 
say we are about a billion dollar industry across India and there's a 15% organic growth. So, 
we know that there are people who are sitting and waiting and watching and probably we need 
to reach out.  
So I'll put it this way, that in the existing market, the demand is silent, which means there's 
neither going down nor going up. But in the expanding market, the newer market that we are 
touching, we are getting very good reception. So, we believe that even if the existing market 
keep performing the way they have been, in the moment we touch these newer sources, then 
we will be able to reach the different mass altogether.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
So we'll get process, and I'm sure we should be able to do that. Miraj, you were asking about 
this quantity. I have this quantity in front of me. This is 6,49,000 pieces we have sold during 
the June quarter. I think approximately it's 6.5 lakh pieces we have already sold.  
Miraj: 
Could you clarify that in tonnage if you can clarify that in tonnage?  
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Tonnage, Miraj, I have to check because what happens because there are products ranges from 
2 kg to 6 kg, 8 kg and so on so forth. So, right now I may not have tonnage in front of me, but I 
can certainly share that tonnage also.  
Abhishek: 
I just want to understand in our new state apart from UP, which are the states we are getting 
very good feedback from the customers and which are the states you are facing challenges at 
this point of time and we have entered into Karnataka in some of the states where logistic cost 
is much higher. So how we are going to be competitive there?  
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Incidentally, Abhishek, thank you very much for asking this question. Number one, when it 
comes to new state, we never expected that Karnataka would be a, let's say, multibagger for us. 
Last month we sold more than INR35 lakhs in that particular state in one month alone and 
probably one of the highest-grossing earners.  
Now, what is happening interestingly is that new states having a great receptibility because 
they probably had been waiting for such products to come because regional specific players 
were not able to deliver neither the range nor the quality nor the pricing for that matter. So, we 
were able to do that.  
So not only Karnataka, even Bihar, Jharkhand, Assam and West Bengal, these are newer 
markets that we are touched are doing excellently well, number one. Number two, when it 
comes to logistic cost interestingly, let's say our median logistic cost is about 7% freight, and 
we offer, prima facie we offer X factory prices. So, invariably the distributor pays for the 
logistics.  
But in the case of these people who are sitting far off places, what we've done is we've added 
in logistic cost. We added 14% to the cost of our product and still it was viable for them 
because instead of 7% to 10% that costed them, another 3% to 4% they are paying extra. But 
interestingly what happened was that because we have started taking large vessels and volumes 
in 36 feet, 40 feet containers, etcetera, so instead of INR6, INR7 lakhs material in the 
container, now we're able to sell INR9, INR9.5, INR10 lakhs material.  
So the cost of the logistics instead of 14% has come down to 10% or 11% or so. So, about 
median in terms of the rest of the market still remains 7%, but the external market has come 
down to about 10-12%. So, I will put it this way, that 3% to 5% difference does not 
differentiate or does not derail our pricing policy or our costing to the distributor of 
profitability that we want to give the market. That's how we have takers. That's how we are not 
balance. 
Abhishek: 
Got it, sir. And so final question, if you could give us the brief of raw material cost for the 
quarter in virgin polymer in post-consumer and post-industrial?  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Raw material costs have been absolutely muted. There is no rise because we are all connected 
to hydrocarbon and if you notice, couple of months, the crude prices have always been in some 
range bound kind of stuff. So, when this remains like that it obviously, reliance drives the 
market to a greater extent or international markets also for the bilateral.  
Now from that standpoint of view, I think polymer prices of virgin or for that matter, recycle 
remains the same. For example, virgin, let's assume that it was in the region of INR90 to 
INR100 rupees. It still is in the same region, but of course, last couple of weeks, there has been 
a slight increase of INR4 to INR6 on the virgin polymer prices.  
But this is where beauty lies Abhishek. The beauty is, let's say, Reliance has the tenacity or the 
gut to change prices overnight. But markets don't change. But interestingly, when it comes to 
recycling, because it's a post-consumer plastic, so let's say if there is an increase of INR1 on 
the Reliance price, then the post-consumer plastic waste might go up by 10 paisa, 15 paisa, or 
20 paisa. Even if sometimes it may not go up also because there are no takers.  
What is happening interestingly, Abhishek, when it comes to, for example, your milk pouches 
at your home, your cement bag, sugar, fertilizer, onion, potato and so on so forth, there are a 
lot of things of this kind, there are no takers. So, invariably they want to push that they want to 
see somebody takes this and we are once we know we're taking it. So, we don't really face the 
heat when it comes to raw metal costs for that matter and if there's an increase in the polymer 
price of virgin, by let's say we use consume 30% of that, so it doesn't really hurt us so much.  
We wait for markets to understand or them to rise and only then we probably try to pass on 
that excess cost to the consumers of the distributor for that matter because we have to be 
conscious of the fact that we're in a competitive market and because we're able to mitigate and 
offset to the in-house capacity that we have.  
So, we don't really say that challenge and heat, it is not like that. We can always take that call 
and pick up and say, all right, when is a good time for us to do that, when is a buoyancy on in 
the market, markets are forward looking. For example, we are connected to mostly festivities, 
for example, Ganesh Chaturthi and so on and so forth, then Dussehra, Diwali, and then 
marriages season, etcetera have picked up.  
So, we believe that we should have a reasonably good time and right now we are not actually 
looking at enhancing, increasing prices here and there. We are in the process of building scale 
and volume. So, what we are trying to do is we are becoming very aggressive in the market in 
terms of deployment of resources as well as the production ability and offload that entire 
material across India into various pockets, wherever there is a acceptability and reception is 
there and to ensure that you know we reach that critical mark where I said you know probably 
we're looking at doubling the turnover from the furniture standpoint of that's our major goal 
and the moment we do that not only that scale will offer me a EBITDA, but also the recycling 
will also add to the benefit of that. 
Abhishek: 
Right sir, sir if you could also help with the prices, if you have that handy, depends and what 
would the prices for virgin? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Yes, as I said, Abhishek, it fluctuates between INR90 to INR100. For example, Reliance at 
times, last month or so, they were offering INR4 INR6 per kg for extra discount also because 
they had to offer a lot of material. So, I think this ranges between INR90 INR100 and I think 
today it should be around INR100 to INR104 polymer, which is PPh110, that's the grade, or 
which will be prime facie. And when it comes to recycling I told you, that there isn't any 
change in that.  
Abhishek: 
Okay, got it. And sir, what would be the input constituents, how much would you be using as 
virgin polymer right now and post-consumer recycled right now as compared to last quarter? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
 Yes, what we are able to do is 70% we can use post-consumer or let's say recycle material, 
30% virgin. So, we continue to buy this 30% virgin in any case. Out of this 70% also, because 
our in-house capacity is very low, so we are almost buying 40% from outside sources this 
point. So, only 30% we are able to produce ourselves.  
The moment we reach this critical mass by debottlenecking that not only will self-consume 
this, and recycle this particular virgin also will increase because what is happening is this 
quality material that we are delivering for market are absolutely spick and span and they're 
virgin, they're made out of 100% virgin product and they're very good in terms of gloss, color, 
look, let us say, you have the oranges and green and yellow and so on so forth they can’t be 
manufactured and recycled. Recycled metal have to be little darkish color. So we are 
delivering that. 
So because there's a greater acceptability, because Pan India today, people can sludge, they can 
spend, and they're looking for quality products and a branded one, of course. So what we're 
trying to do is we're offering them that excellent quality at a reasonably cheaper price than the 
national brand. So we are able to succeed there. And when it comes to recycling, of course, we 
have developed 14 domain out of them. So we are capitalizing on both these things. 
Abhishek: 
Got it. And for the 40% that we are sourcing from outside, I believe it must be post-industrial 
or post-consumer? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
It's post-industrial because there are no people actually doing some post-consumer at this point 
of time, Abhishek, because it requires a very different dynamic. It is of course as I said, if 
today a company like us, furniture industry and my elder son Sahil Aggarwal is fully dedicated 
to this particular cause, he is focused only on doing this recycling, upcycling because we 
believe that, there is not only margin scale but you know benefit and it is serving the interest of 
the nation. 
Also in terms of the revenue success and let's say labour, employment, etcetera, that we 
generate. And plus, of course, the cost effectiveness that we have. So we are focusing on that. 
And I'm sure over a period of time, as and when we are able to do that, this entire 40% that we 
buy from the market will shun it, will make it zero. 
Abhishek: 
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. I'll get back in the queue. I have a few 
more. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siom Sarma from PCR Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Siom Sarma: 
Hello. My question was about recycling. Is everything consumed internally or sold outside? 
Also, who are the buyers of recycled plastic? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
First and foremost, Sarmaji. Our in-house capacity is reasonably low at this point of time. So 
we are self-consuming everything that I said right now. And the moment, we reach that huge 
mass, because let us say, we are getting that scale and benefit from this recycling. And the 
beauty is, I'm National President of Furniture Manufacturers Association. Across India, all the 
manufacturers consume 5 lakh metric ton of plastic every year. And right now, we are talking 
of only 5000- 6000 metric tons per annum that we have capacity. 
Just can you imagine this not even 1% in a day. So I assume that over a period of time, the 
moment I have more access to offer to these people, I can always call them up and say, all 
right, you're buying from others, take it from me. That's it, simple. So it's very easy for us to 
sell, it's a commodity. It's like, you know, gold, you sell granules, you sell grains, you sell rice. 
It's like that. You can sell it anytime, anywhere. No issue at all. 
Siom Sarma: 
Okay, sir, I got it. Also, earlier you were talking about expanding region-wise. Are there any 
targeted regions the company is looking to increase its presence in? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
You know, Sarmaji, incidentally what happened, long back we thought that we should be a 
North India based company, we should not go out of this domain, because sometimes we know 
it doesn't auger. We are unable to service. But the moment we found takers in West Bengal or 
in Assam or let us say for that matter in Karnataka or Tamil Nadu, we were shocked, because 
we never ever thought that we can go this far and still sell the material. 
And these markets are performing well. So now we have opened up our minds. We are so 
much open, we are thinking, we will accept from wherever we get the order. Because today I 
am serving 6500 zip codes across India and we are selling 36000 and odd orders. So if you are 
able to service to consumers on a B2C model, why not through B2B? If there a taker? So we 
only need to reach out. 
And I'm sure over a period of time, with deep distribution and branding because we have 
anyway, we have the complete value chain as a product range, as a new SKUs and this and 
that. But we need to do this deep distribution and branding. The moment we're able to do this, 
nobody stops us in increasing and enhancing our ability and capacity from what we're doing 
right now. Is that enough. 
Siom Sarma: 
 
Yes, sir. Also, what is your marketing spending? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
See, we have been very low on the marketing spend. We are actually spending only on the 
resources, with salary, plus let's say traveling, convenience costs, etcetera. But progressively, 
we are in the process of actually also doing certain of branding and through a brand 
ambassador. So we have been looking for quite some time that we want somebody who's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
affordable, who's sellable, so that we can leverage our production as a brand, our quality, our 
range, given is the existence with a brand or brand ambassador and probably take it forward.  
So I think this, I believe that, maybe third quarter, fourth quarter onward, marketing spend 
might increase a little more. And I believe that, the moment we have scale and volume coming 
in, obviously that cost will be offset with a certain increase in the volume. So we are trying to 
balance the act. We do not want to splurge money just because, Sarmaji, let us say, we can 
always spend mercilessly, but we want to be very, very low. We want to be very fragile. We 
want to be ensuring that, we don't overspend or over-leverage our expenses. We want to be 
very, very, let's say, conservative about it. 
Siom Sarma: 
 
Okay, sir. What branding budget are you planning for the future? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
What is the branding budget? Which area of branding are you saying? ATL or BTL? Because 
right now we are doing a lot of BTL activities Okay. Let us say, advertising material to flex 
and catalogues and this and that etcetera, in shop promotion. We are doing watches, etcetera. 
Siom Sarma: 
 
Okay, I mean it's branding and marketing? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Yes, when it comes to ATL. ATL is most of television, hoarding, newspaper, print and so on 
so forth So we are not spending on ATL right now because ATL requires deep pockets. We 
want to be very conscious. We want to be very, as I said, we do not want to hit arrows in all 
directions blindly. We want to ensure that, wherever we spend, we get the radish for our 
money. So as and when, we have the strength or need and necessity, we will ensure that 
specifically geographically we will do that. If possible and if we can do it, we will do national 
level. 
Siom Sarma: 
 
Okay, sir. Thanks. 
Sushil Aggarwal:  
Thank you, Sarmaji. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Miraj. 
Miraj: 
Thank you for taking my question again sir, this is more on clarity part only. So just wanted to 
clarify that, you mentioned the current post recycling consumer plastic that we're taking that, 
we have in our plant, we're able to do 260 to 270 tons, right? 
Sushil Aggarwal:  
Right. 
Miraj: 
That is the current. Right. And our current capacity of plastic manufacturing that we have, that 
is of 8000 tons. So we have a plan to double that. How are we positioned there? So have we 
taken any steps or any plans regarding, do we want to do it in this year or gradually over next 
two years? Any plans on that part, sir? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Yes, certainly. Miraj, this will go hand in hand. Let's put it this way, 8000 metric ton or 
whatever 26 lakh pieces, etcetera, that we sold last year, 25 lakh pieces. You would like to 
bring 25 lakh pieces to 50 lakh pieces over a period of time, which is not going to happen 
overnight. I'm sure we will expect, next three years or so for us to do so. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
We are keeping FY ‘26 as a target. We will double the turnover. Or maybe earlier than that, 
depending upon how fast we are able to cruise, depending upon the capex that we deploy. So 
naturally for that, you'll require a couple of machines, couple of molds, and we'll just add on. 
It's not that, we require a Greenfield project, it's not necessary. 
Just keep on adding one after the other. it's like, scaling up, increasing the volume. So I think, a 
couple of about five to 10, I'll put it this way, approximately about INR10 crores will go into 
the capex as far as the furniture manufacturing is concerned, in terms of adding machines as 
well as molds, etcetera. And this INR10 crores should certainly give us almost a double 
volume from what we are doing now. And when it comes to recycling, assume that from 
8,000, we go to 15,000 metric tons in the next couple of years, depending upon how fast we 
can. 
So when I'm saying three years, it doesn't necessarily mean three years. It might mean it can 
happen maybe in the one or two years also depending upon how fast we are able to deliver and 
move. So today let's imagine that from 8,000 we go to 15,000 tons. Right now, we have about 
6,000 metric ton capacity in our plant right now, in a recycle. Or maybe 6,000 to 7,000 tons, 
let's assume. Because I have 600 tons, so it comes to 7,200. Okay, but we're not stopping it.  
What we're doing is, parallelly we are going on increasing this, we want to take it to 12,000, 
15,000 tons or so. So that over a period of time, 70% that we consume should be available 
from in-house production itself. And while we are doing that, naturally approximately, let's 
say, if we reach 15,000 tons and 10,000, 12,000 tons, we are able to consume and manufacture 
in-house, it will be very good. So which means we don't have to go and sell and request 
anybody for that matter. And just whatever 3,000, 5,000 tons we have, we can certainly offer 
to others. 
But please, we do not want to stop that at here in, Miraj. We are very conscious. I was 
mentioning about capex. The moment we have a little bit more access to the capital, then we 
will ensure that we set up a big plant, Greenfield plant, which is apart from the existing 
running capacity that we will have. This will continue to operate. But we will set up a big plant 
because as I said, I am repeating this again, that the material availability, raw material 
availability is so abundant, Miraj.  
Today if I were to, let's say in factory, we normally have a challenge. People say, take my 
goods first, take my goods first. Because they just come without our information. So 
availability is good, conversion is good, or let's say we have only process, that's the problem, 
we have to sort out that, and there's a consumption also. So what's the problem? There's no 
problem, except that we need to deploy the capital. 
So to deploy capital, we have sources, that is one day the internal accrual, plus certain access 
to debt, we can certainly leverage that. But otherwise, in case there's a large capital that we can 
spend, and there's certainly availability of capital, then you should certainly give us a leverage 
over that. Then overnight, instead of waiting for a couple of years a month, we can maybe next 
six months or so, we can set up a big plant. So we are in the process and we are scouting for it, 
looking for it, and since all of you are listening to it, I'm absolutely open to this idea, let's say 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
suggestions or let's say advises etcetera from all of you, how we can scale it up, how we can 
go. 
As a company today, I can assure and say one thing, Miraj, that we hold the greatest potential 
that is of possible in a SMe segment company like us. Because we understand the DNA and 
geniuses of plastic molding injection extrusion technology with a complete 360 degree value 
chain from post-consumer to B2B, B2C, I said earlier and we understand the geography, the 
demography also. And I think I had mentioned sometime back, long back probably, I'd like to 
repeat today that I lived in Bangalore for about 25 years. So I speak Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, 
and Malayalam also a bit of Malayalam. 
So geographically since I travel across India, I resonate and connect with the masses and the 
people. So it's pretty easy and comfortable for me to be crisscrossing between the across 
nations to ensure that we are everywhere. So these are a couple of small-small advantages that 
Miraj we have. It is just that, what happens is, we need to scale it up. And to scale up, we can 
go gang-ho. All right, overnight we scale up to the next level. That is one choice. Second is go 
organically, step-by-step, baby-step. Right now we are doing baby-step. But we are certainly 
looking for an opportunity to scale up to the next level. 
Miraj: 
Got it sir, got it. That's very clear. And sir, just one final part. Currently what we are doing is 
260 tons per month, which we have the capacity to take to 600 right now through 
debottlenecking. By when will we be able to do that? Any timeline on that? Will it be a couple 
of quarters from now? Or how will we be able to do that? 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
I wish, Miraj I could have used AI to deliver that result but in a manufacturing process You 
know, interestingly Miraj Because there are no standard specific manufacturers across the 
country for post-consumer plastic use So we have to teach people, make the machine like this, 
do it like this. And you know half the time I'm so sorry to say that our homegrown 
entrepreneurs, especially in the SME segment, are deprived, short of technology, commitment 
and understanding, and in-depth understanding of the engineering for that matter. 
This is a challenge we face. Had we got the ecosystem, let's say for example in China, China 
has got a developed ecosystem today and I could have suddenly said, all right, I need this, this, 
this, x, y, z, come on, get these things, put it in my shop, shop and let's start operating. So 
today from 30,000 square foot, I added another 25,000, 55,000 square foot facility I'm 
operating. For why? Not for 250 tons, but for 22,000 tons. So today I want these people to 
understand and deliver those equipments and other things to me. 
As I said, I can always buy Chinese stuff and say, alright, I bought Chinese. For what cost? 
What cost? Why should I pay for vessels? I understand the technology. We know how it can 
be done. So why should we be spending this large money? What can be taken from China? We 
will do it for 25% cost here. What can be taken from Europe? We will do it for 5-10% cost per 
year. 
So we are in the process of that. Of course, as you said you know there are hiccups also 
because we are relying on these people and its taking time to teach them to brain, to brain, to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Avro India Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
brain from them or to probably take them on board. It’s okay it’s a process but we’ll certainly 
be able to do it I am sure, as you said, you how fast I wish I could do today like itself like a 
genie, I could have said Allahuddin, do it today. I'm waiting for it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Well, that was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the conference 
back to Ms. Kajal Gowda from Communited Vendors. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Before that, Riyo, I'd like to thank Alok, Miraj, Abhishek, Sharmaji, everybody and all those 
who have not asked questions. I can assure you one thing, friends. As a company, this 
company, I'm only a trustee. And me and my family, my two young children, plus the team of 
people, they're all dedicated to ensure that over a period of time, we become a sustainable, 
scalable institution. It stays forever. 
And because I believe in the story of Pan India, the GDP growth, the economic condition, in 
my own see, the kind of, let us say, the rapid improvement that are likely to happen from $3 
trillion, we're looking at becoming $33 trillion by 2050 or 2047. That's the vision of 
Honourable PM sir. And I'm sure, I can assure all of you, that as a company we are the in the 
forefront. We are the leaders. But we only need to take this to the next level. 
And all this will come through advice, suggestions, guidance, support. It could be morally, 
financially, emotionally. And I'm absolutely open to any idea from all of you for that matter, 
not only offline, online, including personally, physically, feel free to come to the factory. This 
is your factory. You know whatever questions you have today, once you visit and feel the 
entire presence yourself, it will give you extraordinary excitement and that will percolate into 
your confidence in turning this company to the next level. So we are waiting for it and thanks a 
lot to all of you for joining today. Thank you very much. 
Kajol Gowda: 
Thank you sir. Thank you everyone for joining the conference of Avro India Limited. If you 
have any queries, you can write us to at research at kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you, 
everyone. Thank you, sir. 
Sushil Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Kajol. Thank you, Riyo. Thank you very much. Have a nice day, all of you. And 
very, very happy Independence Day. Thank you. 
Kajol Gowda: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of the Kirin Advisors that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
