 
                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2023-24 
June 02, 2023 
 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064 
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2023 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023 
conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on May 25, 2023. 
 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://www.suvenpharm.com/index.php/investors/financial-info/quarterly-release 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
K. Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
HANUMAN
THA RAO 
KOKKONDA
Digitally signed by 
HANUMANTHA 
RAO KOKKONDA 
Date: 2023.06.02 
11:00:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 26, 2023 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suven Pharmaceuticals’ Q4 & 
FY23 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now have the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you sir. 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on this call to discuss the Q4 & FY23 
Earnings for Suven Pharmaceuticals. 
We have with us Mr. Venkat Jasti – the Managing Director; and Mr. Venkatraman 
Sunder – Vice President (Corporate Affairs); and Mr. Subba Rao – CFO of the 
Company. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Documents relating to the company's performance have been emailed to you earlier. 
I would now like to request Mr. Jasti to share his perspectives on the performance 
and outlook. Over to you, sir. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you, Rishab.  Thank you everyone for tuning into this conference call for 
discussing the Company results for the year ending March 31st, 2023. 
As I was telling last year that the Year 2022-23 will be flat to a little bit lower on the 
revenue side and later we have updated that it may surpass a little bit. So, finally it 
has come out with very muted growth from an overall perspective and it is in line with 
what we have expected and as earlier informed. 
The CDMO Business in the pharma reduced by roughly about 10% due to some of 
the molecules which are being used for the COVID were not repeated, whereas, the 
Specialty Chemicals has gone up by 15% to compensate for the things that has been 
lower in the CDMO Pharma. 
Overall, other than the one-off of last year's sale of covid stock, otherwise the results 
are in line and we have a positive growth. If you see on quarter-on-quarter basis, 
there is a very good jump in revenues and profitability, but year-on-year basis if you 
take out the one-off item then, it will be the same as last year more or less. 
So, this year it is very early for us to give you any guidance, but we also see a little 
bit softness in the Spec-Chem side with the deferrals because of the climatic 
conditions. Otherwise, we expect the same performance in line and we will have much 
more visibility as we pass through. 

Page 2 of 10 
I think it's better for me to answer your questions because you have the results with 
you so it's better I answer the questions rather than giving you upfront commentary 
and any other information which may not be relevant. 
So, I now ask the moderator to go for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from O3 Securities.  
Rushabh Shah:
I have a couple of questions. My first question is in the formulation business, is it 
possible to focus less on that business and focus more on the business where our 
revenue share is 60% which is CDMO, since the formulation business from past two 
financial years it has been flattish? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, formulation business, it's not a big item for us, but it's in a leverage exercise as 
we told you earlier and we are expecting something to grow, but it also depends on 
the approvals that are now to be in place. So, we have filed around 27 ANDAs. So 
far we have only 12 approved and not all of them as you know it is very specific 
molecules, not a blockbuster volume-based molecules. We expect more 7 or 8 
approvals during this year and that will add to revenue eventually. But in general, it 
is a flattish growth, not much to talk about on the formulations. 
Rushabh Shah:
If you could give me the repeat percentage of orders of the business, what 
percentage of clients do come back with the repeat orders for the business and if it's 
on the larger side? 
Venkat Jasti: 
This is not a generic business as you know. When once our molecule is supplied and 
if there is a success in the clinical trial, you will automatically get the repeat order. 
And similarly, on the commercial scale, you will have a repeat order once a year or 
whatever it is on a continuous basis depending on how the product is growing. If it's 
growing, you will get a little bit more orders. If it's less, you still get the repeat order 
but it will be a little bit less. So, this is the way it works. Unlike a generics where you 
would go and sell it. Here it is automatically because we are one of the suppliers for 
this particular molecule so it will be coming that way. So, repeat orders are based on 
the success of the molecule in the clinical trials at the early stage. And if it is 
commercial, it is success of the molecule in the market. This is the way you get 
repeat business. 
Rushabh Shah:
And my last question is in the previous con-call you said that the duration of a project 
three to four months or even it would take five to six months, which is very lumpy in 
nature. So, how do you take the guidance for it and how do you project the revenues 
going ahead? 
Venkat Jasti: 
That's why we don't give you guidance and the revenue projections. They come as 
and when its time, this cannot go quarter-on-quarter basis, you have to go more or 
less on year-on-year basis only. Again it is based on the success of the molecules 
both in clinical trials and when it's launched on the success in the market. So, it's not 
straightforward but at the same time, if you see the last four years, we have 21% 
CAGR growth. So, it tells you something about the regularity with which we are 
getting it and but it cannot be on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
Rushabh Shah:
So, do you expect the same going ahead in the next three to four years? 

Page 3 of 10 
Venkat Jasti: 
We hope to, and maybe better that we cannot tell because as I said, we have only 
the visibility of five to six months, more than that we don't have. But based on the 
past record, if we go by a decade and especially last for five years, it's going well. 
And with the increase in the infrastructure and hopefully the new technologies which 
we are going to base on the request of the customers and especially on the success 
of the molecules. Certainly in one year it can go much higher than what the average 
was, but that you cannot tell at this time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sir. One question related to this offer, we are seeing that this time in this quarter 
there is a higher share of CDMO Pharma and lower share of CDMO Specialty 
Chemical business. Despite this our gross margin on a YoY basis and on a quarter-
on-quarter basis contracted and our EBITDA margin is high because there is a lower 
cost in terms of manufacturing and other expenses. So, what is happening on the 
cost side and why are the gross margins contracted if you could give us the specific 
reason for this? 
Venkat Jasti: 
I think you know very well the type of business we are in and it is not the same 
molecule so you cannot compare it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The product mix is 
the one that gives you the margins, right. So, in a quarter it may be high value product 
and maybe that will you get a high gross margin, whereas, sometimes some of these 
small early-stage products are there where the gross margins will be less. This is the 
way it works. So, it cannot be catered to one or the other, it all depends on the product 
mix that determines the gross margins, EBITDAs, and the net profits. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And on the cost side are you taking some cost control initiatives because I'm just 
seeing that quarter-on-quarter our expenses are actually come down, which has 
actually led to improvement in the EBITDA margins so if you can throw some color 
on it. 
Venkatraman Sunder: No, there is no major changes that has happened. The only thing is that quarter-on-
quarter sometimes what happens is like other manufacturing expenses and other 
costs, there is a slight reduction, if you really see, compared to the previous year 
same quarter it was Rs. 18 crore for other expenses to this year it is about Rs. 15 
crore. It changes as Mr. Jasti was explaining, with the variable cost related to the 
product changes. There is cost changes in effluent treatment, power cost all those 
things are variable in relation to the production and that's the reason it has happened. 
There is no major cost reduction as such. Overall, it is the same kind of thing. In fact, 
there is no cost increase as such, that efficiency has been maintained. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
My second question is on the acquisition and merger process, where are we currently 
in this process related to the tender and related to the acquisition process and the 
merger process? 
Venkatraman Sunder: We are still waiting for the regulatory approval for the acquirer to get all the approvals 
from the DOP. They are still waiting for that. Once that is completed, probably they 
will announce it to the public and at that point of the time the transaction will be 
completed. At this point we have not got the approval as such. We are waiting for 
approval. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Once the regulatory approval comes in at that time Advent will first acquire the 
promoter stake and post that only the tender would start right, is that understanding 
correct? 
Venkatraman Sunder: That is correct. Once after the acquisition of the promoter stake then they can go for 
the open offer process. 

Page 4 of 10 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
A. Puranwala: 
On the CDMO Pharma side, just wanted to understand the spike what we have seen 
in this quarter and is this more related to some new product getting commercialized 
or just some movement happening between the clinical trials? 
Venkat Jasti: 
So, it’s a combination of both. You cannot pinpoint to one thing that has come, there 
is nothing new that has come. Sometimes what happens is that some of the material 
is almost ready but not shipped in the last few days so it goes into the next quarter. 
Those things also can happen. Not much change, only the values are based on some 
of the product mix, but as you're asking what is better this quarter there is no new 
launches or anything that has taken place. 
A. Puranwala: 
On the new molecule inflow front, how is the traction with our key customers, are we 
seeing some renewed interest there and if you could also highlight the number of 
molecules which are under Phase-2 now and Phase-3 as well? 
Venkat Jasti: 
What I'm saying is the traction of getting the new RFQs and all that stuff is still a little 
bit slower. We thought it would happen post-COVID and it's coming but renewed 
interest is there but the pace is a little bit slower. And none of the molecules in various 
phases has not moved from one stage to another to have a substantial impact on 
the results as of now. 
A. Puranwala: 
And just a final one on the Vizag plant, any updates from the customer audit part as 
we were earlier expecting it to happen in this fiscal? 
Venkat Jasti: 
The update is that as customers are coming and auditing and once the validation 
orders will be given eventually, but it is a long-run process because it will take 1 to 
1.5 years before you see full-fledged approvals. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financials.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Congratulations on delivering the guidance and maintaining the EBITDA margins. 
Sir, I want to understand if there are any expected new approvals from Pharma side 
in the coming two years FY24 & FY25, any indication on that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, even the customer will not know until the clinical trial data comes out and then it 
moves to the next stage. So far we don't have any indication as of now any of the 
Phase-3 molecules will be moving into the commercial or any Phase-2 coming into 
the Phase-3. So, no indication as of now it can happen any time as I said right now. 
They don't have an indication. Unless they have an indication they can't tell us. So, 
we will not be able to give you any guidance at this time. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And on the Spec-Chem side, apart from the earlier three products, is anything 
moving there? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Last year itself, I told you it will be in 2024 timeframe it will be moving to another 
commercial products not until that time. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir, if we look at the global environment, you highlighted that it is slightly slower, but 
we hear a lot around the China Plus One movement. Is there any update on the 
overall R&D outlook of our partners and how do we expect this to pan out? Any 
thoughts from an industry perspective and our business perspective, it will be helpful. 

Page 5 of 10 
Venkat Jasti: 
Industry perspective, the China Plus One, yes, it may be possible in the non-
regulated regime like maybe generics or some intermediates and something else. 
But on the innovator side, it takes time for any changes or any new things to come 
and have a tangible results. As you know, when we came back from the DCAT, the 
feedback from there is, yes, we are thinking of moving away from China and all that 
stuff, but there is a thinking, then they have to implement it. If it's a regular product 
buying in a regular intermediate or chemical then it is much easier for them, but when 
you are going for an innovative product and aligning it takes time. But that is a 
positive sign, and time will tell when those things come. I think that is a good omen. 
In the long run, yes, it will be good but right now, what I was telling you is on the 
mindset of the COVID-related activity moving into the regular activity we thought by 
this time we will have a little bit more traction on the new projects, but it is a little bit 
slow, but it will come. As you know the CPHI itself, they were saying about moving 
towards India. Similarly, DCAT also they were saying the same thing. So, I think it 
will come, but for a general purpose for the industry sake, yes it will come. It will take 
time, especially this space where we are in, it will have a long-drawn effect. And 
when once it starts, yes, it will be good and in the years to come it will be very good. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Did we share the number that if we remove the COVID portion from the base, what 
will be our growth for FY23, did we share that number? 
Venkatraman Sunder: No. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Can we share that number if it is available? 
Venkatraman Sunder: We said earlier, it was about Rs. 120 crores what was there in FY22 and whether or 
not it may be muted in FY23. It is lower this year. 
Venkat Jasti: 
And I already told you 10% is less because of that already. It can be CDMO revenue 
in the pharma, that's the only thing I can tell you. 
Venkatraman Sunder: We might not be able to specifically profile the customer and tell in the conference 
call and then and it's very difficult for us to maintain that because of the confidentiality 
what we have with our customers. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir just one question on the raw material and logistics side how do we see the 
scenario now as we hear a lot of peers saying that there is improvement in both the 
sides, has it happened for us and do you see the trend improving going ahead and 
given that we have delivered annual level almost of + 42% EBITDA margins, do you 
see this improving further with the help of softening of logistical and raw material 
cost? 
Venkat Jasti:
Naturally, what happens is the shortages is going to be a problem not the cost 
structure. Our cost is more or less vis-vis being compensated because of the nature 
of the business we are in except one or two places where we may not be able to get 
the compensation. So, when it goes down naturally the price to the customer when 
the repeat business comes, it will go down. So, we hope to maintain the same 
margins, but based on that we do not think you will have any improvement in the 
margins. The only reason is not able to have the things and get the raw material 
somewhere else and high prices and suddenly sometimes it may affect it, but in 
general the trend is good now, the availability is good and the prices of the raw 
materials are also stable. 
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP BlackRock.  

Page 6 of 10 
Chirag Dagli:
Sir our commercial supplies in pharma excluding the COVID supplies has there been 
a dramatic change in that number for the full year of FY23? 
Venkat Jasti: 
There is no dramatic change. As I said, if it is a dramatic change there should have 
been an improvement in the sales revenue of the CDMO Pharma as I said year-on-
year it is 10% less than the last years. So, there is no improvement and whatever 
the decrease is mainly because of the some of the molecules which they use for the 
COVID are not repeated during this year that is why that was there. 
Chirag Dagli:
The 10% is lower because of that COVID not coming is what you are saying? 
Venkat Jasti:
Yes. 
Chirag Dagli:
Secondly, sir we are seeing some players talk about funding winter and this 
impacting the funnel for CDMO business from a lot of emerging biotech companies, 
are you seeing similar trends if you can just talk a little bit about the overall 
environment as far as your mix and match business as you traditionally call, what 
are the trends that you are seeing over there? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Actually, as you know we are dealing with only the medium size and big pharma only 
and that part of the problem will not be there. We are not working with any bio techs 
for that matter. So I am not aware of that and I did not see that trend as far as big 
Pharma is concerned, but the only thing is the changing of the COVID related 
activities to the regular activities. So, we thought it would be fast track, but it is coming 
slowly, but I think we see with the way people are talking and all that stuff in a couple 
of quarters from now it should come back to normalcy and maybe fast tracked also 
for the regular items. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranshu Jain from Neo Markets.  
Pranshu Jain:
I just needed some guidance on the open offer which has been there, so when you 
are expecting the process to get completed? 
Venkat Jasti: 
That is not in our hands. It is based on the regulatory approvals that has to take place 
when the regulatory approvals take place I think they will announce the date. I think 
it will be within the fortnight they will launch the open offer after regulatory approval 
comes in. I think we are still waiting for that and that will be guided to you through 
the notifications as and when happens right now we do not have an idea, but our 
thought process is it should be happening before July 1st that is a long stop date. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments.  
Varun Bang: 
Congratulations on the steady progress during the year. Sir, increasingly what we 
are seeing is molecules are becoming smaller and high potent so 500 mg becoming 
50 mg and 50 mg becoming 5 mg, so the quantum of supply could be structurally 
declining, how is it evolving and how could it impact our business especially the 
commercial terms that we have with innovators? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Commercial terms is based on molecule to molecule not based on milligrams to 
milligrams. It is the molecule that brings the value. If you see good olden days you 
have 1,000 metric tons, 2,000 metric tons, but in this innovative last 10 years if you 
see very rarely you see any volume-based molecule everything is on a 20, 30, 40 or 
50 tonnes for the whole year something like that other than one or two. So, I do not 
see any difference on that it will not affect anything because what we are saying is 
what we are giving is the number of steps we do, the difficulty of the steps that involve 

Page 7 of 10 
all of Specialty of the chemistry which involves all those things will get you the pricing 
not the volumes. 
Varun Bang:
I understand when we are working with innovators things do not move too fast, but 
just to get a sense of the progress on our plans to extend offerings to innovators 
through the initiatives that we have spoken about so becoming part of life cycle 
management, manufacturing casings and also forward integration into API, so how 
has been the progress in the last one year and what milestones do you think we have 
achieved and what are our plans for next one to two years? 
Venkat Jasti: 
We have not achieved any milestones as you know because of the COVID it was 
delayed. Now only they started coming into India for a visit of the customers after 
three years of gap I think it will take time and even when they start it will take a 
minimum three to four years for any new opportunity to come in other than the regular 
products that are going into the next step. So that is the different departments in the 
same company if it is the life cycle management they have to do due-diligence and 
do the all the validations and all that stuff. So, it will not be overnight thing scenario, 
but now it is starting back again because there was a pause for a couple of years 
actually supposed to be done in 2019 then this because of the COVID and last year 
I thought they will start coming in, but still they have not showed up, but this year we 
see three or four people even for the regular visit itself they have just started coming 
in and we hope that things will start accelerating so that we will have an opportunity 
to sell ourselves on various aspects what we are talking about. 
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram Mutual Fund.  
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Sir, how is this inventory situation in the CDMO specialty chemical given some 
climatic condition of the inventory overhang at the inventors side? 
Venkat Jasti: 
The second quarter will be little bit soft that is what they claim to be because they 
may be deferring the orders and all that stuff, but sowing the crop and all that stuff, 
but post that it should come back to the normal that is why it said little bit soft at this 
time. So quarter-on-quarter basis is not clear but year-on-year basis it will match that 
is our hope. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
So, is it the case for all the molecules in spectrum? 
Venkat Jasti:  
Not all the molecules, some of the molecules for us only one molecule.  
Saurabh Kapadia: 
And the second question on the CDMO Pharma, so if you can give your pipeline for 
Phase-3 and Phase-2 molecules? 
Venkatraman Sunder: We have 5 in Phase-3 right now for three molecules we are supplying right now. But 
it is still they are in Phase-3 we do not have the visibility as of now from the customer 
when it is going to be moving to the commercial as and when it happens probably 
we will be able to inform you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Sir my first question is on Cohance if we can share some update some numbers if 
you can the last we had updated was what they did in FY22, so if you can share 
something about that? 
Venkat Jasti: 
This is regarding Suven Pharmaceuticals nothing has been done. We have signed 
the definitive agreement, but I cannot tell you anything about somebody else’s 
numbers here please excuse us. 

Page 8 of 10 
Pratik Kothari:
I understand that so when we made this announcement we were also thinking that 
we will get someone from Advent sometimes on the call because for an existing 
shareholders ultimately that you could do. 
Venkat Jasti: 
Let me tell you something. This is an ongoing process; nothing has been changed. 
Suven is run by the existing management nobody will be coming from the other side 
until the transaction takes place. 
Pratik Kothari
So my second question is on the pharma usually we always say we have a 6-month 
outlook or 6-month demand that we can see, so you did talk about what the 
challenges that we are seeing in chemical, but can you talk about what is happening 
in pharma? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Pharma is going in the same way there is nothing. As I said, this is the very beginning 
of the year, we have visibility over four to five months and everything is as usual as 
last year, nothing different. While on the Specialty Chemicals because we see some 
softening in the second quarter we just mentioned that is soft otherwise everything 
going on in the same manner as last year for the Pharma side. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Last question on Casper I mean have you started any commercialization there or not 
yet? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Casper only one product has been launched and we are expecting other approvals 
sometime in July, August and September time frame. 
Pratik Kothari:
So, how many molecules should be launched this year? 
Venkat Jasti: 
In Casper it is 5, we have approved and waiting for the gold dates for these in the 
next four to six months.  
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Rushabh Shah from O3 Securities. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, in the formulation business it is a business that provides services to other pharma 
companies which is also a bit lumpy business? So, for Suven we make the 
intermediates or the molecules post receiving the project or directly start with phase 
1 then come to phase 2 and then look out for projects, so I wanted some clarity on 
that and the same question regarding the R&D? 
Venkat Jasti: 
No, I do not think you understand right. In the innovative molecules, when you get 
into the phase one and the molecule we supply in the phase one supply and if it is 
successful in the phase one if it goes to Phase-2 you get to the repeat business and 
when the Phase-2 is successful in the clinical trial then you get the Phase-3 supplies 
and if the Phase-3 is successful then you get the commercial launch supplies and 
that is the way it works. There is nothing like that, but there is no guarantee that the 
molecule that we entered everything will go into the next stage which is a mix and 
match of these things and then if you see we have done more than 980 projects over 
the years and we have only 11 commercialized one. This is a mix and match that 
gives you the business opportunity. There is nothing like you do not go in Phase-3 
directly to the customer they do not because it has to start at atleast minimum Phase-
2 not after that they will not change any customer. I mean the same customer will be 
supplying same product they will have two or three sources for each intermediate to 
their sourcing that is the way it works in innovation.
Rushabh Shah: 
And my last question is sir how are we different from our competition let us say a big 
player like Divi’s, how do we compete with the player who is operating at such a big 
scale? 

Page 9 of 10 
Venkat Jasti: 
It is not a big scale or thing. We are not into generics. We are not in a big way into 
the API's and all. We are into innovation. You have to understand is innovator does 
not go and serves the Phase-1 molecules in two different companies if they come to 
Divi’s they go Divi’s only, if they come to Suven they come to Suven only. And after 
that it is success of the molecules and based on the repeat business comes there is 
nothing like a competition that way. It is not the volume of the business that comes 
in. It is only at the commercial level that may come in and the generics place that 
comes in the picture. Otherwise, it is the process that takes the clinical trials and the 
success in the clinical trial will give you the business opportunity for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital Advisors.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
My question was that we spent Rs. 285 crore on capex in FY23, can you please 
elaborate in terms of what was the areas where we spent this capex on? 
Venkat Jasti: 
It is mainly the replacement block in Suryapet bulk of the money goes there. The 
remaining are already balancing equipments and all that stuff. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And the capex was the R&D move that is still underway? 
Venkat Jasti: 
That is not yet happened because this is only proactively we have taken the 
permission from the board as and when the government asked us to move we need 
to be prepared that is why we have taken and as of now there is no GO issued, but 
it can be in the minute it will happen sometimes soon. I think it all depends on the 
pharma city being ready for the operation. I think that time they will issue a GO that 
you need to move from that time we have two years’ time at least. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
But the replacement of these equipments of the capex would it be adding to the sales 
or improving productivity for us? 
Venkat Jasti: 
See, when you are talking about a 35-year-old company and the old blocks are rare 
which is regulatorily may not meet and also the structurally may be a problem safety 
aspect is a problem so we need to have a replacement block. So, in the new process 
you may have a little bit of additional capacity that comes into the picture and more 
than that it will be having a regulatory, automation and productivity related benefits 
also will accrue to us, but not substantially mind you it is a replacement, but with the 
benefits accruing to it so that you can take more projects. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And just on Casper, when we acquired this facility the intention was to do certain 
molecules on the formulation space, but is there a possibility for us to offer 
formulations for our existing innovator clients as well where we are providing them 
intermediate chemicals and then we do formulations for them as well? 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, the Casper facility is only a formulation facility. It is not a bulk facility. So, we 
can offer R&D services to anybody and if they are interested in getting it and that is 
their forward integration and also life cycle management is getting space that is what 
we are looking for and not only in Casper, but also in the Suven Pashamylaram site 
we have the same facility so we can do that too. So, it is not just and it takes time 
and for the customers to come and do that, but in Casper you cannot do the APIs or 
intermediates only the formulation and R&D. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And lastly just on the Phase-3 molecules you mentioned that there is no visibility of 
them moving? 

Page 10 of 10 
Venkat Jasti: 
Yes, as of now, there is no indication that are within striking distance because unless 
the results are out we will not be able to know. Right now, we do not have any 
guidance on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir.
Venkat Jasti: 
Thank you everyone for tuning in for the update on the results year ending March 
31st, 2023, as I said, it is too early to give any guidance for us other than that pharma 
plans are going good at this time and the traction is a little bit slower in the new 
project acquisition. But we hope that based on the conversations we had at CPHI 
and DCAT we are likely to get that in the third, fourth quarter timeframe. In specialty 
chemical side, there will be some small deferment tone shipments and because of 
the climate conditions elsewhere and that will come back to third or fourth quarter 
into the full swing. We hope to continue the business as usual with the same margins 
we will be keeping and hope to tune into the results update by next time in August. 
Thank you.  
Please note:
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of the 
content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
