
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“City Union Bank Limited 
1QFY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. N. KAMAKODI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CITY UNION BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. J. SADAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRABAL GANDHI – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to City Union Bank 1QFY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prabal Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I welcome you all to 
first quarter earnings call of City Union Bank. From the management side, we have Dr. N. 
Kamakodi, MD and CEO; and Mr. J. Sadagopan, CFO. Without further ado, I'll hand over the 
call to Dr. Kamakodi for his opening remark, and post which we can open the floor for 
question and answer. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Good evening, everyone. Hearty welcome to all of you for this conference call to discuss the 
unaudited financial results of City Union Bank for the first quarter ended 30th of June 2023. 
The Board approved the results today, and I assume all of you have received the copies of the 
results and the presentation. You might also have seen the announcement of our Annual 
General Body meeting to be held on 23rd August 2023, which will happen through virtual 
mode. On behalf of the Board and the bank, I invite all of you to participate in the AGM. 
 
During Q4 FY '23 con call, we had detailed discussion about the headwinds in margin, base 
figures and growth. Despite those challenges, we had said that we should be closing FY '24 
with a decent PAT growth, substantial reduction in net NPA, improved coverage ratio and 
ROA close to our long-term average of 1.5. Our advance had grown by 4 % in Q1 '24 as 
compared to Q1 '23, that is 30th June 2023 to 30th June 2022, and stood at INR.42,405 Crs. 
 
As we said in our earlier con call, the first quarter will be quieter in terms of the growth. As 
announced earlier, we are aiming for double-digit or at least 12 to 15 % whatever we had 
announced earlier, which would be skewed towards the year-end. No major changes expected 
in the composition of advances what we told you. 
 
As said during our last con call, we had appointed Boston Consulting Group as our consultant 
to upgrade our existing digital lending processes. We expect that benefit of digitalized lending 
process, will get transferred into the growth in the second half of the FY’24. 
 
Our deposits stood at INR 51,655 Crs for Q1 '24 as compared to INR48,772 Crs for Q1 '23, 
registering a growth of 6 %. Our net interest income had grown by 15 % in Q1 '24, increased 
to INR1,266 -- our interest income has grown by 15 % in Q1 '24 and that increased to 
INR1,266 Crs from INR1,099 Crs in the Q1 '23. 
 
Basically, we had a subdued growth, as we discussed during the last con call. When we 
compare our growth rate with almost all of our peer banks, the growth rate is lower. But the 
growth rate in the retail, agriculture and MSME together, particularly on the retail front, all our 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
peer groups have shown substantial growth. And also the co-lending and all have helped them. 
We are also in the process of evaluating those prospects and those processes. 
 
Until last FY, we used to consider recoveries made from the slippages and upgradation 
happened in the NPA accounts from the quarter ended to the date of approval of the accounts. 
Because of the regulatory observations in this quarter, we had not considered the recoveries 
and upgradations happened after the quarter ended. However, NPA accounts, which got closed 
between the quarter end and the date of accrual accounts have been considered. 
 
The recoveries from the slippages in the Q1 FY '24 to the tune of INR 75 Crs and upgradation 
to the tune of INR 23 Crs in the live NPA account were not considered in the NPA collection 
happened from 1st of July to the date of audit, which we used to do it in the earlier times. 
Because of the above changes in accounting, the slippages for the current quarter is elevated at 
3.6 % (annualized basis), our gross NPA is at INR 2,081 Crs, Gross NPA stood at 4.91 %, our 
net NPA stood at INR 1,039 Crs and NNPA ratio to 2.51 %. Had we followed the old method, 
the slippage would have been less by 70 basis points, that is about 2.9 % annually. And our 
gross and net NPA would have been lesser by 23 basis points. 
 
The spike in the slippage and the NPA will be one-off this quarter, and will get back to the 
normal levels, as I said above, based on the collections of about INR 98 Crs will be included in 
the second quarter that has happened between quarter ended date and the audit date. 
 
With respect to the provision coverage ratio, we had stated that we will reach 70 % PCR with 
the technical written-off and 50 % PCR without technical written-off in the second half of the 
FY. But we have achieved the target in this quarter. Our PCR, including the technical written-
off, as on 30th of June 2023, stands at 70 % and our PCR without technical written-off is at 50 
%. Mainly, we use the extra provisions, whatever we had made for the Spicejet account which 
got closed. We will strive to maintain this level in the future also. 
 
Overall, SMA 2 numbers to total advances now stands at 2.45 %. Our standard restructured 
assets got reduced to 2.69 % of the total advances as on 30th of June 2023, from the peak level 
of 5.91 % to the total advances in September 2021. On the yield front, we had passed policy 
rate hikes and it started to show our yield on advances increase and it currently stands at 9.53 
% for the current quarter, showing a sequential increase compared to previous 2 quarters. 
 
Similarly, the policy-rate transmission had its effect on the cost of deposit front also. Our cost 
of deposit stood at 5.36 %, showing a sequential increase. The net interest margin for the 
current quarter ended is 3.67 %, similar to what we had in the last quarter. 
 
Our other income for Q1 '24 is INR 191 Crs, against INR 218 Crs in the corresponding period 
last year. It was mainly because we had a few major recoveries in lumpy cases in the 
corresponding period last quarter, which is not available in the current quarter. The cost-to-
income ratio for the first quarter is 41.98 % compared to 39.78 % in the corresponding period 
last quarter. Our expectation for current FY will be between 42 to 44 %. In the absence of 
treasury profit what we had in the last FY, despite increased provisioning and elevated 
slippage, the current quarter profit is at INR 227 Crs as against INR 225 Crs in the first quarter 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
last year. Our ROA stood at 1.4 % for the current quarter, showing sequential growth from the 
last quarter. 
 
During the second quarter, we had declared a profit of INR 275 Crs because of various 
favorable factors, so many factors may not be available this time. So for the second quarter, 
there will be, some amount of dip in the profit, but it will be compensated in the H2 because of 
expected lower slippage and the improved recovery for the year as a whole. 
 
Even though we had about a sanctioned the limit of cash credit limit by about INR2,000-odd 
Crs, the utilization in the CC limit currently stands at about 70 to 72 % which used to be 78% 
to 80% earlier. And also lot of growth by our peer group banks is from opportunities of co-
lending and growing assets by retail. We are also now looking at opportunities to use that. 
 
Taking into consideration all these things and also the expected digital lending to come on 
track, we should be able to, get to the double digit and close to 12 to 14 % as what we have 
promised during the second quarter. So all the actions are currently in place. We should be in a 
position to see that in the second half. 
 
Board had its meeting held today, formed a subcommittee for a smooth succession planning. 
As you all know, my current tenure will get completed on 30th April 2026. The committee is 
assigned with the task of finding a successor and ensure a smooth transfer of responsibility 
when the tenure ends in 2026, considering the fact that there has to be an overlapping period 
between the successor and myself, which will be a slow and steady process happening over a 
period of time. 
 
And also, in this tenure, my focus will also be on 2 things. One, as I said, accelerate the proper 
implementation of the digital lending, the project initiated with the BCG, and ensure that the 
growth is accelerated. And also to strengthen the leadership team, which will make the 
organization future-ready with added expertise on digital, retail and other areas where we need 
to strengthen our skill sets, which will become the growth engine for the future. 
 
To sum up, we are taking measured and right steps towards the growth in advances, enhancing 
the customer experience by a way of digitalized lending and better efficient underwriting 
methodology. This may take a few quarters to show the benefits in our top line and bottom 
line. We are working hard to achieve the FY '24 double-digit advance growth between 12 to 14 
%, PAT growth, and etcetera. As I told earlier, last year, during the second quarter, we had 
declared a profit of INR 275 Crs because of various favorable factors. So for this time, 
sequentially the trend will be followed, but it may not be crossing INR 275 Crs, unless and 
otherwise any one-off thing shows up.  But all these dip will be compensated in the second 
half and overall the year. We are saving hard to achieve, a 4-digit profit figure for the current 
year, for which the important drivers will be reduce the slippage going forward and the 
improved recovery as we have shown between FY '22 and '23. 
 
With this opening remarks, I leave the forum for the discussion. Over to you all. 
 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, in the opening remarks, you mentioned that you will be looking at evaluating certain co-
lending opportunities. So if you can just elaborate further on what kind of businesses and what 
kind of partnerships you're looking at? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Basically, just now we are starting and when we got into the first-level interactions, we are 
able to discuss with a few of the NBFCs based out of the Tamil Nadu where the bulk of the 
lending is happening on the vehicle front and also in gold loan. What we are basically looking 
forward is the co-lending opportunities in the secured front -- secured advances, predominantly 
we are expecting them to be in either the gold loan front or vehicle front or the housing loan 
front. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure. And just when you're looking at gold loans, so we also do directly. So will the customer 
segment be different of these NBFCs? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Basically, these gold loan companies with whom we are discussing the opportunities, 
bulk of them, the majority of their business is coming from the non-Tamil Nadu where we are 
very strong in the gold loan. But the the names and other things, which I don't want to disclose 
now. Basically, their main areas of operation is predominantly non-Tamil Nadu. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Got it, sir. Second is that in terms of the digital lending that we are evaluating at the consultant, 
so when do we intend to launch that? And what kind of customer profile will be target to that? 
What kind of businesses are we looking to do?  
N. Kamakodi: 
See, basically, as I discussed in the last quarter con call, initially, we are starting with our 
existing customer base and to make the part quicker and give better approval rates and things 
like that. So it will first start with the MSME lending, less than INR 5 Crs. Parallelly, it will 
process the renewal which will give a lot of free space in our processing capacity. 
 
So after that, it will be getting into improving our presence. We have a small housing loan 
portfolio. The opportunities where we can improve our TAT is the fundamental requirement of 
these digital lending processes for which the policies have already been finalized and the 
preparation of the software and scoring model are underway. So they should be coming on 
track during the second half. Our current level of  turnaround time is 1 week to 15 days. This 
will improve that probably to 1 to 2 days for giving the soft approval, followed by other policy, 
the legal opinion and the other procedural aspect, which has to be taken into account. 
 
So we are not starting with the unsecured lending. Apart from our existing portfolio and focus 
areas like MSME, commercial trading and also the housing loan, we find a significant number 
of our existing customers using housing loans from other banks. Hence, this particular action 
will improve our penetration or improving the wallet share. 
 
After that, the other secured products like LAP can be introduced slowly, for which the digital 
lending process will improve the TAT. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sure, sir. And sir, in your opening remarks you said that whatever collection would have 
happened in July, you were adjusting that as part of recoveries in the slippages part. So I just 
want to understand, earlier when that recovery was adjusted, was the account going back to 0 
DPD or below 90 DPD for you to classify in that recovery? 
N. Kamakodi: 
0 DPD. So you can upgrade the account only when they become 0 DPD. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. And then lastly, why was the tax rate lower this quarter? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Basically, you have 2 things - in terms of write-off and in terms of extra provisions. Basically, 
the taxable income is reduced by INR 133 Crs after taking into account the provision and the 
write-offs that have been made in this quarter when compared to Q1’FY23. Hence total tax 
provision is reduced by INR 133 x 25.17 % i.e  INR 33.50 Crs. So we have made about INR40 
Crs for this quarter against INR 70 Crs we made for Q1’FY23. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alagusundaram, as an investor. 
Alagusundaram: 
In terms of the bad debt, there seems to be a substantial increase in provisioning in comparison 
to the previous quarter. And also, there is a reversal of provision towards contingency. So is 
there any specific details which can be shared on this? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Basically, we had that extra provision for the Spicejet. Since that account is closed, we 
had to reverse that. We were talking and a lot of discussion about improving the provision 
coverage ratio above 70 and 50 taking into account the technical written-off and free from 
technical written-off respectively. So we use this opportunity of that reversal to, improve the 
provision coverage ratio, and that's how it has gone. 
 
If you had a chance to look into the NPA slippage for FY '22 and '23, they were hovering 
about INR 1,200 Crs to INR1,300 Crs. And this year, we expect the incremental slippage to 
come below INR 1,000, maybe between INR850 to INR1,000 is what is expected this year. 
Year as a whole, you might have seen the total live recovery plus technical written-off 
recovery also improved between 2022 to 2023, about INR 250-odd Crs. We expect some 
improvement over there. Year as a whole, we expect our net NPA to come below 2 %, closer 
to whatever we had during the pre-COVID level of 1.75 % to 1.80%, something like that. 
Alagusundaram: 
No, that is comforting. And also, you were mentioning about digital lending, where you're 
saying that the focus will be more towards gold loan and also vehicle loan, am I right? That is 
what you are mentioning. 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. The question was on co-lending and the portfolio buy out. That will be secured - like  gold 
loan and vehicle lending. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sir, first question is on opex, right? So if I look at our staff -- number of staff or staff spend, Y-
o-Y, it has increased by around 20%, from around 5,300 to 6,300 headcount. This is also a 
year of where at least while we are not attached to IBA, but still the IBA salary, banks have 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
started making provision, anywhere between 10% to 15%. And we also have a 19%, 20% rise 
in the headcount. In that context, sir, what do you think would be your staff cost for FY '24 Y-
o-Y? I mean what kind of staff cost growth can happen in '24? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, basically, you might have seen Q1 last year to Q1 current year, there is not much growth 
in terms of staff cost. It is basically because, when you make the staff cost, it is your basic 
salary and other benefits plus the provisions you need to make for the leave encashment and 
other future benefits, which is a function of the interest rate for which you need your actuarial 
calculations and things like that. There was no need for making additional provisions this 
quarter because of the increase in the interest rate assumptions and things like that. 
 
Number two, we are not part of IBA. And we have already slowly and steadily getting 
ourselves into the CTC remuneration structure. Also we had never been a part of the pension 
scheme, as our pension is defined contribution and not defined benefit. So overall, our 
expectation is that definitely in tune with the overall headcount. There will be some amount of 
increase. So around 10 % average incremental, maybe 10 to 12 % incremental salary will 
definitely happen. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. So sir, 10%, 12% is the wage revision. And we also have a 20% higher headcount also, 
right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No pay revision. It will be because you are into the CTC structure and annual incremental 
thing will continue, and there is no concept of pay revision at all. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. Okay. But -- okay. And sir, is this -- the second question is related to growth, right? So 
while every first quarter, we see a QoQ decline. But in this quarter, the absolute rupee decline 
from March level has been very high. It is even higher than first quarter when the COVID had 
hit us or hit the banking sector in first quarter of FY '21. So is that also a function of the bank 
moving to CTC? Is that -- I mean the growth -- the lower growth is also a function or 
somewhat related to CTC migration? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. Actually, we had about INR 835 Crs negative, which was the earlier highest, as you said 
rightly, in the year '19-'20. This year, basically, we are seeing a pattern. As you know, 
typically, about 55, 60 % of our non-gold loan portfolio is from the cash credit and balance, 42 
%, is from newer term loans. What is basically happening, what trend we are seeing is that the 
cash credit utilization, which normally used to hover about 78 to 80 % is getting moderated to 
about 70 to 72 %. That's the lowest we are seeing. 
 
And also some amount of repayment in the agricultural gold loan happened. So for which we 
need typically the acceleration of about INR1,000 Crs to INR1,200 Crs every month to have 
my average growth rate going forward. 
We have not gone into the retail lending and also on the services lending or NBFC lending in 
the past. Now I think we have to get into those segments and also to take it to the double-digit 
growth rate for the current year, for which we have started making our initiatives. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question that is from the line of Amish Thakkar from Siguler Guff India 
Advisor. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Yes. I have 2 questions, sir. One is you just mentioned that banks will have to get into some 
newer segments to get to a 10 -- 12% to 14% sort of a growth rate in loan book this year. So is 
there a short-term challenge in terms of the core MSME segment, which has been the bread 
and butter and the core segment for the bank? And what will be long-term average -- because 
some of the other things that you mentioned would be new to the bank. Is there a separate team 
or a separate vertical that is being assigned? So that's question number one. 
 
And question number 2 is on you've been maintaining that the gross slippages and the net 
slippages are improving, which we have seen over the past 2 years, but -- versus whatever you 
indicated for the whole year. This quarter has been slightly higher. If you could just maybe 
help us understand why this number is looking so high versus the annual guidance? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, on the first 2 questions, in terms of going for the newer opportunities, our expectation is 
that when we want to grow by a double-digit growth of 12 to 14 % for year as a whole, the 
arrival of digital lending process will improve our task going forward and it will just get us to 
the double-digit growth. 
 
We have existing team to take care of dealing with the other NBFCs, portfolio buyout, co-
lending and tie-ups with the NBFCs etc., and we have started working on these lines 
 
But for improving the retail loans like housing loan and other segments, we need to go for the 
verticalization, for which we have started the action. But to have them in place and have a 
meaningful incremental, it will take a few quarters, if not a few years. 
 
So the initial growth rate has to both come from our existing MSME, commercial trading, etc., 
where, we have started seeing requests for capital investment and expansion. On the co-
lending and corporate relationship, we have our existing mechanism and some amount of 
internal capacity is already there. But for other retail things and all, we have to take a few 
quarters to build them, and it will be the future growth engine, as I started at the beginning. 
 
And coming to your slippages front, we had always taken collections, if the account is closed 
or if the account is upgraded with a total repayment. We hope this year, our total slippages for 
the whole year should be less than INR1,000 Crs. We should be getting about not less than 
INR 200 Crs to INR 300 Crs benefit in the slippages. So about INR98 Crs the benefit which 
we did not take in the first quarter right away, which is available for my second quarter and 
which we'll get to average it out as they move forward. 
Amish Thakkar: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, as a follow-up to your first explanation. If I was to look at or we 
want to look at a 3- to 5-year glide path for the bank, how much -- what would be your 
aspiration and achievable goal in terms of a 5-year loan book growth rate? And at the end of 
that 5 years, what would be the contribution of these newer verticals, which are housing loans 
or some of the other things that you would want to set up with self-sourcing engine. What 
would be the contribution of that loan book? What would be the aspirations? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
Going forward, my expectation is that it should be close to 15 % is what we are expecting in 
that newer portfolio of the co-lending. 
 
When we use the capacity created by the NBFCs and other fronts, this should come close to 
about 7 to 10 % of our overall loan book maybe 5 years down the line. Under the retail, our 
regular MSME, commercial trading, gold loan etc., can have a growth rate of about 10% to 
11% and incrementally about 25 % of the growth rate will be constituted by these new lines of 
activities. Together, they should be constituting about 12 to 15 % in our overall book in a 4- to 
5-year timeframe. 
Amish Thakkar: 
So 10%, 12% of loan book would be co-lending and portfolio buyouts. Another 10-odd 
percent will be self-source retail loans for which you are setting up the verticals. And the 
balance, 75% to 80%, would be the core book that we have today, the MSME loans, the agri 
loans and the agri gold loans and gold loans. Is that... 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. No, no. The 85 % will be from my existing portfolio combination, 15 % will be from the 
new areas. In that 15 %, about -- around 8 to 10 % will be from the co-lending and other areas. 
And about 5 to 7 % will be from the increased retail and other area which we are building our 
internal strength. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes. Sir, just firstly, slightly going in the background, we have had quite a strong rise in the 
funding cost, term deposit costs going up by around 90 bps or so. In the previous quarter also, 
we had quite significant rise in the term deposit cost. And so overall funding cost has been 
rising. So what is the reason that we reduced our MCLR by around 25 bps in previous quarter. 
So what is that causing us to take that decision? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, it was mainly because of regulatory observation. In the regulatory observation you have 
various components of the MCLR like your basic funding costs with your other margin and all. 
In that, we had a markup within our model for which, there were a lot of discussions. And 
based on the regulatory observation, we had to take that margin up and that's why it is there. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Sir, this specific regulatory observation, what you are saying that has happened to us actually 
to the bank... 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. It was an observation when they look into the components of the MCLR. This is extra 15, 
20 basis points mark-up, what we had in the MCLR, we had to take it out of the MCLR. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So this is the occurrence of this quarter or it happened in the previous quarter, sir? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. It was based on the observation last year. This is after so many discussions happened later. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So implementation has started taking place from Q4 or Q1, sir? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, it started from the Q4 '23. Finally, overall yield in the first quarter is more than the Q4. 
Even though the MCLR has reduced, other transmission and the individual calculation change 
has helped the overall yield of the portfolio to sequentially increase. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Got it, sir. So actually, I was correlating the kind of reduction that we have seen, and this was 
kind of outlier in the entire banking sector that we have seen in this last quarter. And second 
thing also that the credit volume growth was also kind of quite tepid. So is it the case that just 
to remain competitive, are we catering to a completely different segment of customers? Is that 
the case also? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. Basically, it is the same customer, same business what we are doing. The difference 
between us and our other peers who are showing other volume is that, over and above the 
regular businesses from the MSME lending and all, the contribution of the retail products like 
housing loan and co-lending are giving them substantial tailwind in terms of growth. So far, 
we had restricted and kept ourselves out of that particular segment. The change in the 
environment is coming to a point that we also need to get into the bandwagon to take things 
forward. 
 
And one good thing is that, in terms of the granular, there are not many changes. And that's 
why earlier, we focused more on the other business lending, but the market has now repeatedly 
showing that the risk-adjusted returns should not be as bad as we were thinking originally, 
which is making us to really look into our focus and also get into this bandwagon. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Punit Bahlani from Macquarie. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Just on the slippages bit, you had mentioned that 70 bps is -- the slippages must have been 
lower by 70 bps because you didn't recover close to like INR 98 Crs. Or you didn't account for 
that? Could you elaborate on that because I missed the opening comments. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. See, basically after the quarter end, before the audit, if the account is fully closed or if the 
account has come back to 0 days past due by totally making the payment, we used to give 
credit in the NPAs. But based on the regulatory observations, what we have now done is that 
we have not given any credit for INR 98 Crs in the first quarter, which we will be having it in 
the second quarter. 
Punit Bahlani: 
Okay. So INR 98 Crs, those accounts are only partly paid, like you have not completely... 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, no. INR75 Crs -- where total overdue is paid. And the INR 23 Crs, it is in the opening 
balance. In normal course, we have all along been using them and that is the way that's been 
practiced. And this time, we have changed that, which is a time difference, which will be 
observed in the second quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakhar Agarwal from Elara. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Just a follow-up to previous question. So you possibly also didn't account for the additional 
slippage that happened between the balance sheet closing and the audit date. So what would 
that number be? 
N. Kamakodi: 
About INR 30 Crs, INR 40 Crs will be the normal thing, which we will be considering  
Prakhar Agarwal: 
So you said there were some repayments on agri gold loans and the utilization levels has 
dropped to historically low level. What do you anticipate the reasons are for these 2 
statements? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, we discussed at length in the last couple of calls. It was on the agricultural gold loan on 
which a few observations by the regulators on the interest subvention and hence, we had to 
withdraw the particular product. Now we have made another product different from whatever 
that was given. Now things have started coming back on track. So gold loan we have started 
seeing positive growth in the non-agri front, wherever people need more money and things like 
that. So we don't have any issue. 
 
Coming to the lower utilization of the cash credit, after many, maybe not just quarters, years, 
now only we have started actually seeing request from the customers on the capacity 
expansion, investment in the power generation and like solar or windmill and things like that. 
Maybe after 2019, almost after 4 years, now only we have started seeing those discussions 
which is giving me some hope that those things should be back on track. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Got it. Sir, in terms of overall, when I look at growth versus margins and given where your 
cost of deposits are moving and the yields that you probably highlighted, first is where do you 
anticipate to close your full year margins for this FY '24? And in case that growth doesn't pick 
up, are we willing to sacrifice this for growth? What is our thought process? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, this is my 49th quarter I'm discussing. Out of the 49 quarter, if you see about the 40 
quarters-or-so, our overall net interest margin, except for COVID period, it used to be between 
3.4 and 3.7. It used to expand when the interest rate cycle is on the northward trend, and it used 
to contract when the interest rate cycle is coming back. 
 
In the last cycle, because of PCA and a lot of things, the margins have stabilized around 4 %. 
As I explained, our average CD ratio we had to get it to 82 % from 85, 86 % where we used to 
operate. Our expectations for the current year is, our current level with maybe plus or minus 10 
basis points, we should be able to move forward. And of course, good traction for the growth 
which will be translating into net interest income growth, compromising for a few basis points 
for the net interest margin. It always happens when you get into the decreasing interest rate 
cycle in the past. 
 
Due to the inflation and other things, the expectation on the rate hike is diminishing. And 
maybe at the beginning of the next year, decreasing interest rate cycle may start. Before that 
point, both the cost of deposits will stabilize. Net interest income will also stabilize. And when 
the decreasing interest rate cycle starts, you will get into this dilemma and probably every 
cycle it happens in this way only. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Sir, just 2 more questions. What happened to the tax rate? I missed the comment. So what 
happened to tax rate this quarter? And the numbers seems to -- the rate seems to be reasonably 
lower. 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the total taxable income is INR 133 Crs less compared to the last quarter of this year. So 
after you consider the 25.17 % tax rate, the net tax incurred for the current quarter is less by 
INR 33.50 Crs, and hence we have provided INR 35 Crs as against INR 70 Crs in Q1’23. 
Prakhar Agarwal: 
Got it. Sir, just one last question. In terms of your succession planning, what is the logic of 
having this plan starting so early? So you have tenure until '26, and you just got a term for 3 
years. What is the thought process of starting the succession planning so early? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the point is it's always very difficult to find somebody exactly on time. Our planning is 
that you will need not less than 6 months to 1 year to identify a successor. And he needs to be 
with us for not less than 1 year for a smoother transition. After that, you have to apply to RBI 
to get the approval and it is a long-standing process. Probably, you will need some time to 
discuss what type of successor you want and things like that. 
 
So it has to be done in stages, have multiple choices, evaluations and all. And it's something 
which happens over a period of time. I mean in all other cases where the successor just comes 
on the last day or even 1 or 2 days after the incumbent left, that process, it will take not less 
than a year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sorry, sir, I missed your comment on the expected loan growth for '24. So did you mention 
12% to 15%? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. We said 12 to 14 % in the last con call. We are still working towards achieving that 
towards the end of the current year. 
Gaurav Jani: 
So sir, just an extension of that, right, 12 to 14 is what you're targeting or probably at least that 
is what you're starting to achieve. So tying that up with around the comment you made on 
BCG, right? So could you highlight as to what were the findings of this consultation with 
BCG? And what gives you the confidence that in the next 3 quarters, you'll actually achieve 
this sort of a loan growth? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. As I explained earlier, BCG is only helping us to digitize the process, improve the TAT 
and make the underwriting process better. In that, what is going to basically happen is that the 
digitization, along with the introduction of the scorecards and things like that, the TAT which 
we take currently about not less than 1 week to 15 days, it could be reduced to even 24 hours 
to 22 hours for soft approval. So that is the major requirement which we have given it to the 
BCG on which all the requirements are being worked out, which will enhance both our 
approval rate and also our conversion rate. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
I also clearly explained, our existing business mix of MSME, trading, agriculture and gold loan 
put together, they will be taking us closer to the double-digit growth. When we compare our 
performance with most of our peers, apart from the growth from the core sector, whatever that 
has been done earlier, significant growth is coming from the NBFC lending, co-lending, 
portfolio buyouts and these sort of things which we had resisted in the past. Now the overall 
developments in the market and also the practices and all, we have to get into that practice 
also. 
 
Along with that, another major factor, which is giving them all incremental growth prospects 
are from the retail lending from the housing loan, loan against the properties and all such 
things for which we have to build the capacity. So all these things put together, our hope is that 
it should be getting us to what our growth rate that is coming into. 
 
And also, as I told, there was a significant reduction in the CC utilization. And after many 
years, now only we have started seeing the requirements of our capacity expansion and the 
capital investment in the MSME sector, almost after 3.5, 4 years, we are seeing the trend. So 
all put together, this should be our core growth comprising of our MSME, commercial trading, 
gold loan and things like that should get us close to the double digit. And the balance, 4, 5 %, 
should be coming from the areas of whatever I explained now. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Just one subpart to this question. Why I ask this to you is because, well, generally whenever 
you hire a contractor, it just takes time to actually sort of reflect that on the balance sheet, that's 
number one. I mean the kind of segments you're targeting; typically, those would have lower 
ticket sizes, right? So it will mostly be focused on volume. So what's... 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes, yes, yes. See, basically, they are not making any bigger changes in the overall business 
mix and things like that. Their support is purely for streamlining the processes which they have 
successfully done for a few of our peer banks, which is now getting replicated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhilash Hiran as an individual investor. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir, so you mentioned about the BCG hiring. One of the reason was to better the underwriting 
process. So can you explain what was the usual process? And what changes they are going to 
bring? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The major change will be in the TAT. So like I said, this improvement in the process through 
digitization can reduce the soft approval rate from the current level of about 1 week or 2 weeks 
to 1 or 2 days. Making the tie-ups with the fintech the data can be automated and the 
processing can be automated. So those things, which they have successfully done in a few of 
our peer banks, that process is getting replicated in our bank. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Sir, two questions on the data front. Can you give an advances mix? You're working on INR5 
Crs ticket size for FY '23 and FY '22? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Overall in terms of the gross advances, above INR 5 Crs is 21 %. About 80 %, it's less than 
INR5 Crs. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Abhilash Hiran: 
This is for FY '23, right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It is for the June 2023. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
Okay. Historically, has there been any segment that we had entered into and then we closed it 
out later after understanding perhaps that was not our -- from an underwriting or any reasons 
perspective? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, normally, we don't enter any segment in a hurry. We make our own judgment overall. 
That is the reason why in the previous bad asset cycles, be it in a consortium lending or be it in 
the infrastructure lending or be it in the unsecured lending, in the past 25 years we track 
results, we don't do anything in a hurry. And whenever we have gone inside we had not got 
into any major accidents or anything like that. Things have been steady always. 
Abhilash Hiran: 
So sir, basically, we have never exited any segment that we have entered into, historically? 
N. Kamakodi: 
For example, in gold lending, we started with the single digit. We increased it to 16 %. We got 
back to 8, 9 %. Then we, once again increased it and it is currently at 25 %. This entry and the 
exit will depend upon the profitability and the opportunities available at that point of time. And 
we have not exited any segment because it has given us lots of losses or whatever. We do it on 
a practical basis, depending upon the alternate opportunities available to us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
What would explain the composition of the slippages? If you were to look at the INR 380 Crs 
and allocate it to MSME or agri or probably on the retail side, how would that slip look like? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It's almost proportional to our overall exposures only. By and large, your gold loan is not going 
to have a bigger thing. So everything is going to come from the MSME, commercial and 
agriculture lending only. So as usual, out of that INR 382 Crs, INR 227 is from the MSME. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
In your assessment, when you look at this segment of the customers, they still haven't 
recovered from COVID as of date. What explains the persistence of the slippage? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the issue is I can put it this way. If you take some of our peers, they had huge issues with 
the corporate lending or the consortiums. The bulk of their problems got cleared, then at the 
point itself. Our problems started late and expected to get completed late. 
 
So we see we are almost in the last 10, 15 % of the issues. We typically used to have about, 2 
to 2.5 % slippages before the COVID, which increased to about 3 to 3.5 %. This year, our 
expectation is that we should be getting back to that 2.5 to 3 %, and we are almost in the last 
leg of that particular issue. So the visibility we are getting now. 
 
As I told in the last con call, we used to have about a 6 to 6.5 % SMA 2 numbers. That number 
is currently about 2 to 2.5 %, which is giving us sufficient confidence that we are entering into 
the final segment. I mean almost everybody, either who had problems pre-COVID, are those 
whose capital got cleared, or who doesn't have a proper business model to make profit in a 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
formalized environment. All of them are, by and large, either already dead or almost in the last 
stages. Those who survived this period, they will be thriving and growing forward. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is also linked to this. Roughly about INR 1,400 Crs of technical 
written-off pool is still available. But yet, recoveries in that book has been a bit slow. Given 
the nature of the collateral that sits there, what explains a slow recovery in that segment? 
N. Kamakodi: 
The main impediment which is happening currently is your legal system. The recovery 
happens through 3 things. One, negotiated settlement; number two, DRP; number three is the 
SARFAESI. We go for both legal routes in terms of DRP and also through the SARFAESI, 
which makes some pressure for the borrower to come for the negotiation table. Last year, you 
had almost half of the DRPs did not have a presiding officer. Amendments were made in the 
SARFAESI Act and particularly during the COVID period of 2 years, the legal system, 
particularly on the recovery front, was not basically working. 
 
So our expectation is that out of this INR 1,400 Crs 40, 50 % should be recoverable. To take 
the physical position through SARFAESI Act, that power is now given exclusively to the 
Chief Judicial Magistrate. There is also some amount of delay happening. But overall, 
whatever we are recovering in the past, we are able to see that happening on an ongoing basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Agarwal from BNP Paribas. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
Yes. Sir, in the last call, you highlighted that your approval rates have gone down primarily 
due to tightening of your credit standards. Do you see stress kind of set in the MSME 
segment? And how do we see disbursements from here? Because I know you kind of 
mentioned that your loan growth came out due to repayments of agri gold loans and utilization 
of lower credit limits. So are you seeing any stress in the MSME segment, which could impact 
your disbursements from here? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Definitely, we have started seeing improvement in the approval rate. That is one of the 
reasons, we accelerated the BCG project because of  which it will improve things further. 
Already, we have started seeing things improving. And we should be seeing that approval rate 
improving from where they were. 
 
And I have to admit some amount of rejections, we were too stringent more than what it was 
required. And now we are getting back to our normal pre-COVID level of approval rate, 
whatever we want to, by properly trying to have some extra points to measure. Things are 
definitely improving on the positive side. 
Ashish Agarwal: 
I guess, sir, just a follow-up on that. So what is the approval rate for the quarter, if you can just 
mention that. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes, yes. See, we used to have about 50 to 60 % approval rate during pre-COVID. After 
COVID and last year it came down as low as 25 to 30 %. Our expectation is that we should be 
getting back to that 50 % plus when digitization gets completed. Until that point of time, we 
will be seeing a step-by-step improvement from 30 to 35%, 35 to 40% and things like that. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Chintan Shah: 
So just expanding on the previous question on the BCG. Any timelines on when we will be 
starting with this digital lending or the co-lending arrangement?  
N. Kamakodi: 
It will start from the third quarter. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So sir, considering that we have guided for a loan growth of 12 to 14 %, any 
ballpark numbers of what could be the growth from H1 to H2? Since considering that we 
already had de-growth in the first quarter, 12% to 14% looks kind of on the very much 
optimistic end. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. See, normally, we used to have about 1/3 of our growth in the first half and 2/3 of the 
growth in the second half. This time, since we are also looking into some amount of the co-
lending, you're concern is rightly placed. But we are taking all our steps to get into that point. 
One of the things which is giving me some amount of extra confidence is that, after almost 3, 
3.5 years, some sort of investment cycle in the MSME cycle, we have started seeing. When the 
CC utilization improves, that itself should be giving me some amount of incremental growth. 
So let's hope for that, and we are putting our best effort to achieve those numbers, what we are 
discussing. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sir. And sir, lastly, on the opex front. So given that we have done the tie-up with the 
BCG and many digital initiatives are in place, so this is likely to keep the opex elevated, as you 
mentioned. So then what should be the key ROA drivers in this FY '24 apart from treasury? 
Anything more on the operating front? Margins are probably likely to be stable. So anything 
else I'm missing? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Bulk of our expectation is about INR250 Crs to INR300 Crs reduction in the slippage. So 
that should give me some amount of a breather. The maximum amount of that lever has to 
come from the credit cost. So we should be getting back to our pre-COVID level net NPA 
position during the year-end with reduced credit cost, which would be giving us the lever for 
that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aravind R from Sundaram Alternatives. 
Aravind R: 
You were talking about this new co-lending business. Like when we talk about vehicle loans, 
is it like commercial vehicle or personal vehicle? That is one of my questions. 
 
And in terms of our growth in the first quarter, like I could see like MSME being very weak, 
and that is one thing. And where do you think the growth will come back from, again, in terms 
of sector or something like that? 
 
And just one more thing, like the yields have improved, but also I could see like a lower 
yielding segment like agri in terms of proportion of the loans are just coming down. That is 
one of the lower yielding product. So I was trying to understand like how much of the mix 
change actually contributed to the yield? Or is it just from the repricing effect? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Your question on the vehicle loan, it will be a mix of commercial vehicle and personal 
vehicle, but bulk of it will be for the commercial vehicles. The question, on the yield front, it is 
mainly not because of any major change in the product mix, it is because of the interest rate, 
passed on because of monetary policy.  
Aravind R: 
I was talking about like MSME growth being -- where do you see the growth coming back 
from like -- which sector or which segment would be the driver for it? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. I mean two things I'm basically expecting. One, after many years, some sort of proposal 
for the capital investment has just started coming, which I hope should accelerate in the second 
half. And number two, the digitization and the digital lending is available during my second 
half for the MSME. It should reduce my TAT and improve my capacity utilization. And, the 
cash credit utilization also we expect to see some improvement. All put together, it should be 
helping me to get back to the double-digit growth. 
Aravind R: 
Okay. Just one more question, if I can, like what could be the guidance for NIM for this year? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Current level, plus or minus 10 basis points. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the conference 
back to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Thank you all for attending this conference. We are taking all efforts to improve the growth, as 
we said, and all the initiatives we are taking should be helping us to get it to the next leg. So 
our focus now will be to streamline the existing processes, augment the skill sets and the 
capacity needed for the new areas, be it retail lending or other co-lending and things like that, 
and ensure that the organization is future ready by building the bench strength as we move 
forward in the next couple of years to take things to the next level orbit. 
 
So if at all, you have any specific data points or other things, the contact details of our General 
Manager, Mr. Jayaraman, is there in the presentation, which you can connect as such. And 
thank you all for attending this con call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of AMBIT Capital, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
