Regd. Office: 1st Floor, August Kranti Bhawan, Bhikaji Cama Place, R.K. Puram, New Delhi-110066 
Tel: +91-11-26738299, Fax: +91-11-26182957, Email: Info@rvnl.org, Web: www.rvnl.org 
CIN: L74999DL2003GOl118633 
RVNL/SECY/STEX/2023  
       02.06.2023 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with Investors 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 30.05.2023 regarding 
intimation of the Audio Recording of Conference Call with Investor on the 
website of the company. Transcript of the said Concall is enclosed herewith. The 
same is also available on website as follows: 
www.rvnl.org  – Investor -Board Meetings, Board Committees & General 
Disclosure-General Disclosures
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
(Kalpana Dubey) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trade Wing, 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers, Dalal Street Fort,  
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code:  542649 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: RVNL 
KALPANA 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
KALPANA DUBEY 
Date: 2023.06.02 
18:15:48 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP GAUR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PRASAD – DIRECTOR, OPERATIONS – 
RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEB KUMAR – DIRECTOR OF FINANCE – RAIL 
VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VISHAL PERIWAL – IDBI CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rail Vikas Nigam Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q4 FY '23. This call may contain forward-looking statement about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. The statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. Periwal. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes, thanks Seema. Good afternoon everyone. I welcome you all for the post result interaction 
with the management of Rail Vikas Nigam Limited. From the management side, we have with 
us today Mr. Pradeep Gaur ji, CMD, RVNL; Mr. Rajesh Prasad ji, Director, Operations, RVNL; 
Mr. Sanjeeb Kumar ji, Director of Finance, Rail Vikas Nigam Limited. 
Now, as usual, we'll have a brief overview from the management on the business and then we'll 
open the line for Q&A. Yes, sir, over to you. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Okay. So, very good evening. See, this Rail Vikas Nigam Limited was basically the vision of 
the then Honorable Prime Minister Bharat Ratna Shri. Atal Bihari Vajpayee and this particular 
company was incorporated on 24th January 2003, meaning thereby we have spent around 20 
years plus. We started operations in 2005. We got Mini-Ratna in 2013 and we have now 
graduated to Navratna on 1st May, 2023. 
We have commissioned more than 15,500 route kilometers of railway infrastructures. We 
contribute more than 30% of the total Indian railway infrastructures. The MOU rating for the 
last 12 years has been excellent by Department of Public Enterprises. In the financial year 2022-
2023, we had got our CARE Rating done, which was AAA with Outlook Stable. 
We have got Pan-India presence. We have started executing overseas projects. So we have 
become from local rail infra to global all-infra and we have had more than INR1 trillion of 
project expenditure and the revenue from operations, the turnover in FY '22-'23 was INR20,282 
crores, standalone I am talking about the top line. The bottom line was INR1267.97 crores and 
the gross margin upon turnover of 5.77% and these are the financial numbers. 
Now if you see the physical numbers, we had commissioned 1,044 kilometers. So in FY '22-'23, 
the top line of INR20,282 crores, bottom line of INR1,268 crores, physical commissioning 
INR1,044 crores, all these three parameters are all time high for RVNL. So the revenue, the 
turnover growth was 4.65%, whereas, the profit after tax had a growth of 16.61% and for the 
last two consecutive years, we crossed the commissioning mark of 1,000 kilometers. 
So if you see the year-on-year basis performance, there is a growth but with respect to the Q4 of 
the previous financial year that is FY '22, it is less but in terms of the -- with respect to the 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 3 of 18 
 
performance of Q3 of FY '23, it is again high. So what I wanted to convey is that the performance 
in FY '22-'23 was all time high as far as the top line was concerned, as far as bottom line was 
concerned, as far as the physical delivery was concerned. 
The highlights of the FY '22-'23 was as I said, the Care Rating of AAA, then graduation to 
Navratna status, then local rail infrastructure to global all-infra that we started executing 
overseas projects other than railways. For the last 12 years, we have been rated excellent, 10 
times out of the last 12 years, number one under Ministry of Railways. Then the various 
magazines, like, Fortune 500, ET Top 500, all rated us less than 100. 
We completed and commissioned more than 140 projects out of 182 projects assigned by 
Ministry of Railways, and if you see the performance with respect to SENSEX, BSE 500, BSE 
Infra, NIFTY, all went down in FY '22-'23, whereas, RVNL's growth was more than 105%, and 
in fact it was Top 10 stocks of the country, and for the first time the market capitalization was 
more than INR25,000 crores and the market has also appreciated. 
We have got a CAGR of around more than 20%, 25% whereas the appreciation, market 
appreciation is more than 50% if you see the cumulative part, and if you see the last one year, it 
is more than 100%, and the SPV, the Special Purpose Vehicle, Angul-Sukinda rail line, we have 
got it commissioned and there is a turnaround in the performance of the Special Purpose Vehicle, 
and what I want to tell you is that in Kutch Rail Company, the loading, the traffic went up by 
27%, in Krishnapatnam it was around 79%, BDRCL it was 140%; and in terms of rates also it 
has gone up and the fact from the Kutch Rail, KRCL, BDRCL, and even HPRCL, they have 
shown growth varying from 22% to 124%. 
So what I wanted to tell you is that there is a turnaround in the existing SPVs, we have started 
getting earnings and with the internal resources, the Kutch Rail Company Limited could 
commission the entire doubling and the electrification, and for the first time in the Indian 
Railway System, in that particular SPV line, the double container movement had started and as 
I said, Angul-Sukinda, we have commissioned and the project was dedicated to the nation by 
Honorable Prime Minister on 18th of May, the operation started in the month of March, and it 
will be the game changer for the transportation of the basically various kinds of traffic like iron 
ore, coal, steel in that particular region connecting from Banspani to Meramandali or Talcher-
Haldia to Dhamra port, to Jajpur area, Kalinga Nagar to various destinations. 
So this is going to be a game changer. In 2020, we had commissioned HPRCL, so these two 
SPVs will completely change the dynamics of the transportation system in that particular region. 
So with this I will just close the opening remarks and now we are ready for the question-and-
answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We take the first question from the line of Mr. Dixit Doshi from 
Whitestone Financial Advisors. Please go ahead sir. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is regarding the order book. So what is 
our current outstanding order book and how much order we received during the current financial 
year? 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Okay, give me one minute. So regarding the order book, yes, presently we have got an order 
book of INR56,000 crores plus, out of which railway share is INR36,977 crores, which includes 
the double line of INR6,400 crores, new line of INR18,000 crores, metro and others it is around 
INR11,000 crores and from bidding we have got the order of INR20,000 crores. So out of 
INR56,000 crores, we have got order of INR20,000 crores through the bidding and around 
INR36,900 crores from the Ministry of Railways, which were given on the nomination basis 
earlier. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And how much was the order win for the current financial year? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I don't have the break up right now, but I will just come back to you. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And this INR20,000 crores when you mentioned, we won through the bid, I assume that this is 
only our share, because many of the projects we have bid in SPVs or a joint venture with some 
other partners? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes. 
Dixit Doshi: 
So this is our share of order? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Now my second question is regarding the execution. So historically our execution has 
been very good and now we have order book of INR56,000 crores and many of these orders are 
actually received recently in last one year. So how do you see execution over next couple of 
years and particularly in FY '24 given many of these contracts must be having a long cycle also. 
So this INR20,000 crores revenue this year, where do you see it next year? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, you will have to appreciate one thing that we started bidding in the market only one year 
and nine months back, and the first project, which we got through the bidding is Indore Metro 
where we got the two packages through the bidding, approximately INR1,500 crores and that 
project turnover in the last financial year was around INR500 crores, slightly less than INR500 
crores, and this year we are planning to have more than INR600 crores. 
So what I wanted to tell you is that the focus of the company is not only to get the project from 
the market, but also to execute timely with best quality possible following the highest safety 
standard. 
So and every project has different kind of challenges. They are having the different requirements. 
They have got the different kinds of the basically period of completion, time of completion, and 
normally on an average I can tell you that the project completion time varies from 2.5 years, two 
years to around 3.5 years, and we expect that the order book, which we are having and the kind 
of turnover, which we are having, we are going to have more and more orders from the market 
in time to come, and we would like to maintain the same kind of turnover in coming years. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Yes, so I completely agree that we have started the bidding just one year back and actually 
we have done exceedingly well. 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Rajesh Prasad: 
One year and nine months, I said one year and nine months. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes, and we have actually done exceedingly well in grabbing the orders. So as you mentioned 
that it’s 2.5 to 3.5 years, so maybe FY '24 would be a consolidation year where revenue may not 
grow significantly but as more orders built up one can expect a good growth from FY '25 
onwards? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, what I said in the opening remarks is that we had achieved the top line, we have achieved 
the bottom line, the growth of the top line was around 5%, but at the same time the bottom line 
growth was more than 16%. So the bottom line is more important from the investor point of 
view, from the public point of view, and we are also concerned that our profits should remain 
intact, and we should be able to give good return to the investors. 
So what we see is that the bottom line will grow with the same kind of growth and in time to 
come, you can see that once we get more and more orders, we will concentrate on the margins. 
We have already started working on increasing the margin. I will cite a few examples that we 
have opened the procurement cell, we are working for a legal cell, then we have already extended 
our design cell. So we are working in that particular direction and the idea behind this is that the 
bottom line should remain intact with the same kind of growth, and yes there will be some kind 
of consolidation in FY '24. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. So my next question was relating to the margin only. So what we heard from the many of 
the competitors and the private players that the intensity in the bidding, competitive intensity is 
quite high. So we have been doing 5.786% margin. So do you see any pressure on this margin 
going forward once the execution from the bided projects? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
We have got few models. One model is the project, which we have been assigned so that margin 
will remain the same. The second model is that whatever money we have got, we put in the bank 
and we get the interest that is also more or less fixed. Then we execute some of the SPV projects, 
which are more or less over. Some leftover items are there, so that has also got a similar kind of 
model, which Ministry of Railways assigned. And the fourth model is the business development 
model or through, which we get from the bidding. 
So what I want to tell you is that we are working and see whenever we are participating in a bid, 
we are doing a lot of value engineering at this stage of even the tendering. We work out and say 
see it has got some kind of risk and we allocate some of the risk factor also. So all together we 
can see that since we are in the market, the margins are likely to improve upon by doing the 
value engineering and we are quite capable of doing that. 
So we have got the complete team. We have been working on that and in time to come you can 
see the result that the margin is improving in the order, which we have faced from the market. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. One last question and then I join back in the queue. We were expecting some large order 
from Kyrgyzstan. Any update on that? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See we have signed MoU and we have already formed a joint stock committee, the DPR 
company, and we have already prepared the DPR, etc. So things are moving in the right 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 6 of 18 
 
direction. See in any project a lot of steps are involved in this like from the concept and then 
DPR, then signing of MoU, opening of a company, formation of an SPV. So it is on the right 
path and it is only a matter of time then we will get some good information about this company, 
and see we are governed by LODR. So whatever information’s are there, we always disclose in 
the public domain. So you will also come to know through our website in time to come. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes and what was the size of that order approx.? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
It was approximately INR18,000 crores. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
It was INR18,000 crores. Basically what is happening is now the Government of Kyrgyztan is 
tying up with a European fund company, which is also almost in the final stage. So I think we 
will get things moving on this sooner than later. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Sandeep Satodia, Shivam Gilmark. 
Please go ahead sir. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
Good evening to everyone here. First, sir, let me congratulate Mr. Pradeep Gaur on his extension, 
and we do hope sir that with your extension the company will continue on the same trajectory 
growth that we have seen in the last few years. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Thank you so much. Thank you so much for your kind wishes. Thank you. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
It came as a big relief sir as an investor to know that you are going to be there for another two 
years and take the company possibly at much greater heights. 
Now sir, for my first question in continuation to the previous one, sir the INR56,000 crores order 
book position as of now, how does this compare with the same period of last year? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, if you see the turnover of the company, we had around INR20,282 crores. So last year was 
also it was approximately like this only INR55,000, NR54,000 crores. So you can imagine that 
the inflow and the outflow was equal. So and it is necessary that suppose we are doing a turnover 
of INR20,000 crores, ideally it should be three times, minimum three times. 
So considering that now this chunk is coming from the market, we have been able to maintain 
the INR56,000 crores as on 31st March 2023. So it is a big achievement for the company that 
we have not only survived, we have done exceedingly well in doing the all-time high turnover 
and at the same time getting the orders from the market just to sustain the order book of the 
required value. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
Sir, there has been multiple commentaries from the side of the company to say that the bottom 
line will be maintained and we have seen that the top line has gone through a bit of stress in Q4. 
So do you see any further stress in the coming quarters as far as the top line is concerned, or do 
you think the same growth momentum that we saw in 2022-2023 will be maintained in 2023-
2024? 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I can tell you one more thing that since we have become from local-to-global, we are eyeing for 
so many infra projects, not limited to railways, in other overseas, in other countries. And 
whenever we get some orders, these will be intimated through the website, through the stock 
exchanges, and in time to come you can find many such orders. 
We have already started executing the overseas project and regarding this financial year FY '22-
'23, see you said that the top line has growth, less growth. If you see the performance of 
SENSEX, it was 59,000, it went down by 0.5%, BSE 500, 24,000, it went down by 3.5%, BSE 
Infra, 288, it went down by 1.8%, NIFTY, 17,670, it went down by 1.8%, whereas, RVNL share 
went up from INR33.40 to INR68.40, and it has further grown to INR115 or INR120, it is 
moving in that particular range. 
So what I wanted to tell you is that FY '22-'23 was not that good from all perspective, but RVNL 
has performed exceedingly well and in time to come the top line growth of 4.64% is going to 
increase. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
I’ll just add to what Mr. Rajesh Prasad mentioned. Yes, it’s a bit of a transition now, because 
this was an organization, which was completely doing the projects assigned by Ministry of 
Railways, and now we have expanded our footprint beyond railways. So I can share with you 
with some sort of conviction that the adaptability and the flexibility this organization has shown 
to transition to the new this, you can appreciate it from this thing that the non-railway orders 
also we have been able to get, and definitely there is a slight consolidation, but things will start 
moving upwards very, very soon because our focus is now on getting more and more orders 
competitively, and then this organization has got huge technical and managerial capability with 
that, we will be able to maintain even the bottom line. 
So our focus is not only on bottom line, after all bottom line will come from the top line only. 
So the focus is in both the directions, and I am very confident the kind of talent, the kind of -- 
what I should say, the versatility of this organization we’ll be able to give you excellent results 
in time to come. Thank you. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
That's reassuring sir. My second question is with respect to some recent news in the media 
regarding some sort of not really a dispute maybe, but a thing with your Russian counterpart 
regarding the Vande Bharat orders that you have secured from the government. I think there is 
some sort of a tussle as far as the holding is concerned, or the shareholding is concerned, and 
due to which that particular order has not been able to go forward. Can you update us sir on what 
is the present position and how likely is it for the matter to get sorted out? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, yes. You have rightly mentioned that it came in newspaper. See, I’ll tell you there is 
absolutely no problem on that. It is a question of confidence of everybody including ministry, 
because please don't quote me, because I’ll be very frank here. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
Yes sir. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Because I should be very frank with my investor. So basically because of some situation what is 
happening all around, I mean, many of the suppliers and because not everything can be 
manufactured by us, many of the suppliers and the bankers they were more confident to deal 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 8 of 18 
 
with this one, if RVNL is having slightly majority, I mean major share. If not majority share, a 
substantial share, because they felt if an Indian PSU is there, they’ll be more confident because 
many of these companies, I mean they may be guided by some sanctions or this thing because 
of the Ukrainian situation. So that was the issue. 
So some sort of -- and I mean expectedly Russians were not very comfortable with this, but now 
there is a lot of intervention is there, and I am sure this matter will be get sorted out within a 
matter of two, three days. So and things will be back on, I mean, what I should say back on a 
fast forward movement. 
So this I have explained to you in absolute frankness. Otherwise there is absolutely no problem. 
There is no dispute or anything between Russians and us. This was only in the interest of a 
smoother movement, because of confidence of suppliers, because many of the suppliers are from 
European, Western European countries and even some parts may come from American firms. 
So that was the only situation we were trying to figure out, so that once we get into this things 
move very smoothly. That is the whole thing and this is a very frank sharing of information with 
my investors. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
Appreciate that sir. Once this is sorted out, do you have a timeline on when you would probably 
be able to rollout the first set of trains? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, yes. The timeline is absolutely fixed. There will be no compromise on the timeline. The 
time given in the contract is two years from, say, today is around May '23. So it will be 
somewhere around May, June '25 when the first two prototype trains have to be ready for testing 
and then the trials will be there. Everything is as per the contract. Time is available and I can 
also share we are going to follow the ICF design. Of course, we will be doing lot of innovations. 
We’ll make this touch and feel items. We’ll be improving a lot that will have lot of passenger 
comfort and all those things. 
So that timeline will be absolutely followed and even see this is a minor issue and because the 
whole technology is available and Russians are also highly technically capable. So we respect 
that, and we have got excellent license with Russians. 
So it was only a question of comfort this thing. So timeline will be met, and there is a timeline 
given each year starting with 12 trains, 18 trains, 25 trains and something 15 trains to match 120, 
and that we will stick to it including when there is a maintenance period of 35 years beyond. So 
there is absolutely no problem. It’s a very long-term contract. This is a minor issue, which I 
expect to get solved within next two weeks. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
Thank you sir. Sir, my next question is with respect to the Q4 top line. We have normally seen 
that the Q4 top line is always much higher than the previous three quarters. I think it’s probably 
the last four years, four financial years that we have seen a drop in the Q4 top line for 2022-
2023. Any specific reason over there sir, because normally a lot of government orders mature in 
Q4 and they reflect in the books. So can you just…? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes, I will explain it to you. There are two basically parameters, one is the physical and the other 
is the financial. So what you are talking about is the financial, but if you see the physical 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 9 of 18 
 
performance in the last quarter, the physical performance was much more with respect to the FY 
'22, Q4 and regarding this the financial, the top line you were mentioning about Q4, normally 
we compare on year-on-year basis and in the beginning I explained the various reasons, and I 
also said that Q4 of FY '23 was much better than Q3 of FY '23. Yes, it is less than Q4 of FY '22, 
but in totality if you see the performance year-on-year basis, the performance in FY '22-'23 for 
the top line, bottom line and the physical commissioning, it is all time high for RVNL in this 
current financial year that is FY '22-'23. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
So, sir, in that case, in case the physical performance of Q4 is much better than the corresponding 
period of last year, can we hope to see an effect of that in the Q1 of FY '23-'24 where the physical 
achievement of… 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes, yes. It may get reflected in the financials, may be in Q1 of FY '23-'24. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
That is very reassuring sir. Sir, my last question is with respect to our SPV, we've seen a 
continuously improved performance as per management commentary in most of the SPVs with 
new ones getting, going online, being commissioned but the profit share from the SPVs, if you 
actually see year-on-year is really not showing the same kind of growth that RVNL parent 
company is showing, or it is sort of stagnating with a 10% plus minus contribution to our profits 
to RVNL. And with more spread, with more emphasis on coal, iron ore, bulk commodities 
getting transported by rail, how come it’s not reflecting in the contribution of our SPVs to our 
company? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Okay. So I will cite examples. Let us first take the example of BDRCL. Two years back, it was 
totally red. The company was in a stage to basically get closed also, getting declared as NPA. It 
started giving the profit in the previous financial year, and if you see the PAT of this particular 
company, it increased from INR29 crores to INR46.89 crores in FY '22-'23. So the PAT has 
increased to 61% by 61.3%, and if you see the loan position, the debt part, the BDRCL is having 
a debt of only INR8.77 crores, and on it, on any day it can become debt free company. 
So it is getting reflected. So the money which it used to earn, which was going to the bank, now 
it will come to the various shareholders and in this particular case, the shareholder, the 
shareholding of RVNL was 35.46%. 
Now take the example of Kutch Rail Company. The PAT has increased from INR137 crores to 
INR232 crores. The increase is around 70% and with its internal resources and with a subsequent 
debt of around INR1,000 crores, the company could complete and commission the entire section 
of doubling and the railway electrification. So in time to come, we are going to have more and 
more traffic over here but if, since some assets have been created, some liabilities are there. 
Now take the example of Krishnapatnam. In FY '21-'22, the PAT was minus INR115 crores and 
this financial year, the PAT has gone up to INR28.5 crores. What I want to say is that this 
company is again showing a lot of profit, and the traffic has gone up in Krishnapatnam by almost 
80%. In FY '21-'22, it transported 3,093 rakes, whereas, in FY '22-'23, it transported more than 
5,400 rakes. 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 10 of 18 
 
So what I wanted to tell you is that the efficiency of the SPVs, the PAT of the SPVs, the output 
of the SPVs all are going up and in time to come and for the first time this BDRCL and HPRCL 
have paid dividends. So you will have to appreciate that there is a turnaround in all these SPVs 
and we have already commissioned this ASRL. So they have already started moving traffic. In 
the month of March, it transported around 177 rakes, in the month of April 200 rakes. So in time 
to come these SPVs are going to play a major role, and I am very happy to inform that they have 
generated revenue. If you combine all these SPVs, they have crossed the mark of INR1 lakh 
crores. 
So INR1 lakh crores of revenue without the investment of Ministry of Railways and we have 
been able to execute project worth INR11,800 crores with our equity infusion of INR1,144 
crores. So these SPV models have been working well and in time to come you will see more and 
more, better and better results in terms of the PAT, in terms of the loading, in terms of the 
transportation of number of rakes. So it is only a matter of time and the trend will continue. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
These are very encouraging figures, sir, and we do hope that they will contribute substantially 
to our company and us as shareholders. Sir, my last question is with respect to the non-core 
orders that we are taking in the infrastructure sector, more like ports, canals, roads, what is the 
expertise that the company has, or are we totally relying on our joint venture partners to deliver? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See, if you see the strength of this particular company, this has been only the project delivery, 
the focused approach and we have been able to deliver under the worst conditions in the past, 
and it is only because of the focused approach we have got the efficiency of a private sector, 
authority of public sector, and the technical issues, we solve it technically and this is the expertise 
of this particular company, we are very vibrant, young and we are aware about the project 
requirements, all projects are different, and we are involved in the complete project life cycle, 
starting from the concept, design, DPR, execution, then completion, the defect liability. 
So what I wanted to tell you is that we have got the sufficient expertise, we have got the 
manpower who have got the exposure of execution of all kinds of projects under very adverse 
conditions and we would be able to deliver, see all the projects are very complicated and require 
different kind of approaches, and we have got the experience, we are having the exposure of 
execution of the project under different conditions, and we will be able to deliver whether it is 
an irrigation project, whether it is a metro project and today we are executing so many projects 
in different metro cities. 
We are executing tunnel works, we have got tunnel works in three, four project sites and in 
Karnaprayag-Rishikesh, in the last one and a half years, we have executed 100 kilometers of 
tunneling, so -- and this irrigation project is also having a canal and four, five kilometers of 
tunnel. So these are simple with respect to the projects, which we have executed, or which we 
are executing. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
So, sir, when you say this tunnel works and the canal works then I assume that the same would 
go for the various road projects also that the company has taken that you have managed to gain, 
or get sufficient expertise even for the road projects? 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes, yes, road project is simpler than the railway infrastructure projects. In fact, if you see the 
railway infrastructure, typical railway infrastructure, the day, the formation is over then the 
railway infrastructure, real railway infrastructure starts, wherein, the road sector immediately 
you just do the black topping and the road is open, whereas, the railways are much more 
complicated, and if you are able to commission more than 15,000 route kilometers of railway 
infrastructure, the road sector is very, very less challenging with respect to the railway 
infrastructure. 
Sandeep Satodia: 
Thank you sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ms. Smita Mohta from Kredent InfoEdge. 
Please go ahead ma'am. Ms. Smita, your line is unmuted, please go ahead with your question. 
Looks like the line for Ms. Smita has got disconnected. 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead sir. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes sir, thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, can you guide us how -- I think we are doing, I 
mean like as we are trying to become a full-fledged company and going for bidding and then 
having a procurement, legal tender, other cells are also there. So what exactly are we planning 
to do at capex for FY '24, if you can just give some guidance? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So your question is that what is going to be the capex in time to come. You are talking about the 
turnover, the future turnover of FY '23-'24? 
Vishal Periwal: 
No sir, I think any equipment that we plan to procure. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes, we are also working in that particular direction. I will cite one example, we have been 
declared lowest bidder for three underground packages of Chennai Metro, and there we are going 
to procure the equipment, the special kind of equipment, for example, trench cutters. We would 
be purchasing those machines, we will be operating it and we want to maximize the margin. The 
idea behind of this is that we want to diversify ourselves, we want to test ourselves and since 
this particular company is very vibrant, young and we have got the expertise, we want to utilize 
this in this particular field and the idea behind this is also to increase the margin from these 
projects, these kind of projects. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay sir. And sir, there is, I mean, the cash in the books, that is own cash excluding the advances, 
will it be handy with you right now, if you can provide? 
Sanjeeb Kumar: 
We have our own cash as well as most of these tenders, the contracts we get have a provision 
for mobilization advances also, but we bid on our own credentials and we have bank guarantees 
fully backed up through fixed deposits and our own credentials. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay sir. Sir, next and maybe last thing from my side, and then I’ll come in the question queue. 
I think you mentioned order book of around INR56,000-odd crores, railway is INR36,700 crores 
something you mentioned, remaining is what sir sector-wise? 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I said INR36,977 crores. Now if you want to have the breakup of this INR36,977 crores, this is 
as on 31st March 2023, the double line is around INR6,358 crores, new line is INR18,826 crores, 
the metro and other is INR11,285 crores, and maybe a very small amount of GC. So we have 
got the complete basket of INR36,900 crores around INR20,000 crores. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sorry sir, I think I just missed on the last line, railway is INR36,900 crores, remaining is, which 
sector sir? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I said bidding, bidding means business development. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sure sir. And then will that sector be handy with you in terms of which sector they are in the 
bidding pie that you think sir? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See we have identified the sectors where we should participate in the bids and the metro segment 
is one, the road segment is another. We are also thinking to participate in all kinds of 
infrastructures like the municipality and the irrigation, but the requirement is that the volume 
and the size of the project should be big. It should have some kind of technical challenges and 
where we can really contribute for this Atmanirbhar Bharat, and execution of the projects, which 
is timely following quality and the safety norms. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sure sir, got it sir. Thank you very much sir, I’ll come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ms. Ankita Shah from Elara Capital, 
please go ahead. 
Ankita Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations sir on very good performance in FY '22. 
Sir, wanted to understand the margin a little better. So you mentioned that we are doing a lot of 
value-added activities, which is leading to better margins. So we already know that for the 
nominated projects from railways, we have 8.5% gross margins. So for the bided projects what 
would be the average margins blended for those kind of projects, or do we have break up within 
segments, which kind… 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Ankita ji, it’s a very nice question, but I’ll tell you one thing that the first we are very new in 
this particular bidding process, and we started bidding only around one year and nine months 
back, and the first two projects were from Indore Metro and they have started fetching the 
basically results, and I can tell you that the margins, which we are getting from the Indore Metro, 
the first two projects, which we got from the bidding is more than the projects, which we got on 
nomination basis from Ministry of Railways. 
So things will differ, there will be a project where the margins will be less, but we want to 
optimize, we want to make sure that there is a value addition and we want to make sure that the 
gross margin upon turnover remains in that particular range, which we have been achieving in 
the past. 
Ankita Shah: 
Got it. Also sir any range in terms of margin, how well -- see, currently we are at around 6%, 
6.2% for the full year? 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Rajesh Prasad: 
It is not that simple calculation, see no two projects are identical, the projects have got a full life 
cycle and it passes through the different kind of challenges, and some of the challenges we also 
do not anticipate and we do not understand in the beginning. So it will depend once the project 
is over, completed, commissioned, then only we can work out. 
So in the beginning we are not in a position to say that what exactly will be the margin, but we 
will be doing a lot of value addition. We are trying to procure the machineries, the construction 
material and in time to come you can see so many changes in our company's execution plan. We 
have already started bidding in the market for the last one year and nine months. We have already 
become from local rail infra to global all-infra. We are executing all kinds of projects. 
So the diversification is one of the strengths of this particular company. We were having the 
focused approach, we were basically very much flexible, and now we are diversifying. So these 
are the strengths of the company and in time to come, you will see these things affecting the 
project delivery and also the margins in time to come. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Just I’ll add to what is mentioned. See basically we are going in a two pronged approach. The 
first one we have to be competitive to get the work, and second in order to have the good margins, 
we have to be innovative. So it’s a double pronged strategy and we are moving on that, so that 
we are able to not only have the margins what we had from the railway project and even go 
beyond that and still having a good order book, so that our top line continues to show a good 
CAGR. 
So that is the ambition, on which we are all of us are working very hard and in a very focused 
way and as my colleague mentioned, you can kindly appreciate the way this organization has 
been able to get orders of almost INR20,000 crores in last one, one and a half year when we 
started bidding. I am sure you will see a very good and an exciting period from RNVL. I am 
very confident of that. 
Ankita Shah: 
Yes sir, much appreciate the smooth transition and the strong influence that the company has 
received. Sir, also I wanted to understand on these new projects, do we have escalation clause 
for material price increase variations? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See all projects are different and the clients are also different and the contractual requirements 
are different. The documents, the provisions made in the various documents are different. So all 
are having the price variations, but the calculation formula differ from project to project, and yes 
price variations are there. Sometimes it may not escalate to the level of escalation in the market, 
but we are working at the stage of pre-bid, the pre-tender stage, and we are basically calculating 
all kinds of risk of the price escalation and accordingly we are participating in the bids. 
Ankita Shah: 
Got it, got it, sir. Sir, last one, what should be the share of international orders in the current 
order book? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
See the order book, the Maldives project was around INR1,500 crores, which we are executing. 
We have already started execution and we have already got some advance around INR250 crores 
from the authority who has assigned this particular project from whom we have gone, which is 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 14 of 18 
 
an interest free advance, and at present this is the only project where we are executing, but there 
are so many things and so many projects, which are there in the pipeline. 
Ankita Shah: 
Okay. Got it sir. Thank you and wish you all the very best. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Maitri Korecha, Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Maitri Korecha: 
Sir, I am asking this question off record. Good evening sir. Sir, this is just an extension to what 
the earlier question was about the TMH and RVNL for Vande Bharat. So sir, there are 200 trains 
sets, right? So this will be like 16 coach or eight coach moving forward and on the timeline, sir, 
this is two to five years is being kind of estimated, but if you are saying that the 12 trains or 18 
trains will get released every year then will the timeline get stretched, and what is the size of the 
contract approximately? How does the disbursement of payment happen, sir? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, as far as, see that original tenure was for 200 trains and the condition was this order will be 
distributed between L1 and L2 offer -- offerors. So we were the L1 offeror, we were L1 and we 
were given the order for 120 trains and the 80 trains order was given to the L2 at the price of L1. 
See we had quoted INR120 crores per train set. So we were given order of 120 trains at INR120 
crores. The L2 had quoted INR139 crores, but they have been given order of 80 trains at INR120 
crores per train. So as far as… 
Maitri Korecha:  
Titagarh…? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
 
Titagarh and BHEL, joint venture. 
Maitri Korecha: 
Okay. Understood, sir. The size of the contract for this will be 200, INR120 crores into 120, 
right? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
That is our order. And there is an order of 35 years maintenance, which is also, that will come 
to around INR130 crores per train set for 35 years. So the total order will come to around 
INR30,000 crores, INR32,000 crores. Secondly -- sorry? 
Maitri Korecha: 
Please, please go ahead. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
So this contract is not only for manufacturing, this contract also includes maintenance over a 
period of 35 years for each of these train sets, and that cost will be more than INR120 crores per 
train set. There is a price given around, it comes to 3% every year approximately, averaging. So 
it will come to 35 into three, approximately 105% of INR120 crores. So that is also part of the 
order. 
Now coming to the timeline, the timeline is very clear. Within two years we have to make two 
train sets prototypes, which will go undergo trial. The trial period is normally five to six months, 
and once the trial is over, then and the trial is approved, the prototype is approved, then we go 
for manufacturing. 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 15 of 18 
 
So we will be manufacturing 120 train sets over a period of five years after the prototype is 
approved. So it will be effectively two years plus five years. So the… 
Maitri Korecha: 
Two years plus five years. Yes, I understood. And sir so basically in the next two years you will 
be releasing two train sets, that’s what you're saying? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, those will be prototypes, which will undergo trials. And once those prototypes are 
approved, those also will become part of the 120 trains. 
Maitri Korecha: 
So the disbursement of the payment will happen when you -- if you bring out two train sets, then 
the disbursement for two train sets will happen in terms of payment? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, what will happen, once the prototype is approved, then 90% of the payment will be released, 
90% of INR120 crores, once the trials are over and prototype is approved. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Ms. Smita Mohta from Kredent 
InfoEdge. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Smita Mohta: 
Okay, okay. So my question is, sir, in the last phone call, you had said that for '23-'24, you expect 
top line to be INR20,000 crores plus and bottom line to be between INR1,300 crores and above, 
okay? 
Second of all, last phone call, you had a bidding revenue of INR70,000 crores, which is this year 
INR56,000 crores, this quarter is INR56,000 crores? 
And my third question is, so why is this revenue so less and what can we expect moving forward? 
And the last question is that this train revenue, that is 150 trains ordered that you have got, so 
how much margin are you expected to make in that? Because in the last phone call, you had said 
that your gross margins is 6% to 7% and your net margins would be 5.6% to 5.8%. So just few 
in that, and why are your trade payable so high? That's it from my side. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Okay, madam, I have understood your question. So you were making the reference of the last 
con call. So what we have said is that in FY '23-'24, the top line will be more than INR20,000 
crores, INR21,000 crores plus and the bottom line will be more than INR1,200 crores. 
So in FY '22-'23, we have already crossed the mark of INR20,000 crores and in FY '23-'24, we 
are likely to exceed this INR20,282 crores, maybe around INR22,000 crores, INR23,000 crores. 
The fact, the bottom line this year was INR1,268 crores and we are 100% sure that in next 
financial year, that is FY '23-'24, it will be better than this. 
Now coming back to the margin, now you see the, I had said in the beginning that we have got 
three, four models, and the model which is variable is now the projects, which we are getting 
from the market. We have been working on that. We are trying to maximize the profit and what 
are the steps which we have taken, we have already deliberated upon, we have already told you. 
So in time to come, you will see that the gross margin, which is 5.77% in FY '22-'23, will 
definitely be maintained and maybe we will have some better margin in some of the projects. So 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 16 of 18 
 
since these projects are in the beginning, in the initial stage of the project life cycle, so at this 
stage, it is difficult to comment upon that what exactly will be the margin because every project 
passes through the different project life cycles, different kind of spaces, different kind of 
challenges, and only at the end of the project, we can say that this was the margin, which we 
could achieve. 
But the focus is very much clear and the idea behind our approach has been that we should 
maximize the margin and we can assure you that in time to come, we are going to have the same 
kind of margins, at least the margins which we have achieved. And I have cited one example 
also, the projects, which we have taken from the market, which have started resulting, basically 
giving the dividends like Indore project, there the margin is better than the margin, which we 
have been -- for the projects, which we have been getting from the nomination basis. 
Smita Mohta: 
Okay. One more question sir. Currently your nomination and your bidding ratio is 80/20, so your 
nomination is 80 and your bidding is 20, and you said in last con call that it is going to change. 
So over how many years are you expecting and what kind of ratio change are you expecting in 
this? 
And second of all, in your results, you mentioned one expense amount, which you have not 
received from KRCL. So what is the timeline to receive that? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Okay. So let me answer one-by-one. So you are asking about the ratio. So you see, one and half 
year back, the 100% project was on nomination basis. Now we are having INR36,900 crores in 
nomination, INR20,000 crores through the bidding. So you can appreciate that one year and nine 
months, the ratio is changing very fast. 
And in time to come, the nomination work is getting reduced, the Government of India's 
nomination project and maybe through the business development and bidding, that particular 
ratio will go up and we have been working in that particular line. 
Now regarding the KRCL, you are right, there is a trade receivable, but I have said during this 
meeting, this investors' meet, that there is a total turnaround in the KRCL performance from 
minus INR115 crores if the PAT was more than INR28.5 crores. And there were two stations, 
which we have got it commissioned. The traffic efficiency movement has gone up. The number 
of racks transported has gone up. 
And see, these trade receivables are basically depending upon the outcome of the arbitration. A 
tribunal has already been formed. It is in almost completion stage. The last set of hearings are 
likely to take place in the third week of June 2023. And we are likely to get a positive result 
because the issues, the disputes are only two number of major disputes, that is the terminal cost 
and the freight apportionment for the siding. 
See, the commissioning took place starting from October 2008 to June 2019 in different phases. 
And the Government of India, Ministry of Railways had decided to give these from 2017 
onwards, whereas, the KRCL wanted to have from the date of commencement of the train 
operations. So, this is very logical and if Government of India and Ministry of Railways has 
agreed from 2017, they should agree from the 2009. 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 17 of 18 
 
So the thing is that the system is very clear and the case is very strong. The tribunal is likely to 
publish the award and the moment these awards are published, everything will set right. And we 
are very hopeful about the claims and the dispute is very simple, which I have narrated, which I 
have tried to explain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Ram Chakarborthy, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ram Chakarborthy: 
Good evening, sir. Heartiest congratulations for the very good set of numbers and for the 
positivity.  
 
Ram Chakarborthy: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Now my question, I have just a small -- three, four small questions. The 
thing is, of the current year's revenue, what is the percentage, which is attributable to the 
nomination basis orders? And in your order pipeline, which you have right now, what is the 
bidding pipeline, which is there? Can you please tell that to me? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
I said that the present order book as on 31st March 2023 is INR56,000 crores plus out of which 
around INR36,977 crores is the nomination and rest is bidding. And in time to come, we are 
going to have only from the business development bidding and no nomination from the 
Government of India. So the ratio is going to change in time to come. So this was your first 
question. And what was your second question? 
Ram Chakarborthy: 
And my second question is that one more question, which I have, which is that regarding this 
Kazakh order, in how many years would that be executable? 
Management: 
How we are going to execute… 
Ram Chakarborthy: 
Three, four years? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, yes, sorry. Kyrgyztan, the execution will be same, exactly in the same way, the way we do 
assigned projects of Indian Railways, because that project also will be on assignment basis to 
RVNL. 
Ram Chakarborthy: 
Okay, sir. And my final request to you, sir, is if you can please supply a comprehensive investor 
presentation, so that we can track the order inflows and execution better and all the financials 
with the ratios, free cash flows and everything. If you can present this investor presentation like 
other companies do, that will be very helpful for us sir. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, yes, we will do it. We will do it. Absolutely, I think we want to give as much information 
to our esteemed investors, so definitely we will do it. 
Ram Chakarborthy: 
Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, sir. Okay, and best of luck, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, that was the last question for the 
day. We will now conclude the earnings conference call. On behalf of Rail Vikas Nigam 
Limited, thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
May 30, 2023 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Pradeep Gaur: 
Thank you so much. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Thank you very much. 
