30th May, 2023 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
 
 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,  
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                                        
 
Scrip Code: 500201  
 
 
Symbol: INDIAGLYCO 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Q4FY23 Results Conference 
Call 
 
Further to our letters dated 24th and 26th May, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Results Conference Call for 
Q4FY23 held on Friday, 26th May, 2023 is attached. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
www.indiaglycols.com. 
 
This is for your information and records please. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
For India Glycols Limited 
 
 
Ankur Jain 
Head (Legal) & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
ANKUR JAIN
Digitally signed by ANKUR JAIN 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=f12d4be1c5c932a2c1642c6dad9bb0e5db224de40e1e7299308e2
b62dfc73e0c, postalCode=110091, street=East Delhi, 
pseudonym=3ba84cb22d38849571ef2c66476c2da3, 
serialNumber=36bf2107a358d674b88b6a7f2f49ebabe2ecd54621cb28fbe5
bc6616fcae41f0, o=Personal, cn=ANKUR JAIN 
Date: 2023.05.30 15:10:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“India Glycols Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RUPARK SARSWAT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR ANAND SINGHAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. RAJESH MARWAHA – HEAD – SALES & 
MARKETING (BSPC) 
MR. S K SHUKLA – HEAD – LIQUOR BUSINESS  
MR. ANKUR JAIN - HEAD (LEGAL) AND COMPANY 
SECRETARY  
  
ANALYST: 
MR. AKASH KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the India Glycols Q4 FY2023 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Akash Kumar from 
ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Akash Kumar: 
Thanks Evelyn. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on India Glycols 
Limited Q4 and FY2023 Results Conference Call. We are joined on this call with India 
Glycols management represented by Mr. Rupark Sarswat, Chief Executive Officer, Mr 
Anand Singhal, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajesh Marwaha, Head, Sales and Marketing, 
Mr. S K Shukla, Head, Liquor Business, and Mr. Ankur Jain, Head (Legal) and Company 
Secretary. I would like to invite Mr. Rupark Sarswat to initiate this proceedings with his 
opening remarks post which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you Sir! 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you Akash. Good afternoon everybody and we welcome and thank you for taking 
out the time to join us and I hope all of you are doing well. Let me now take you through a 
brief statement of performance for India Glycol Limited for the quarter as well as the full 
year. You may have seen the results so I will quickly go through some of the highlights. If 
you look at the quarterly performance, we received a gross turnover of Rs. 1,616 Crores 
which is roughly 8.1%, a net turnover of Rs. 619 Crores which is down by 3.6%. Our 
EBITDA for the quarter of Rs. 100 Crores which is up 19%. We have seen a healthy 
EBITDA margin improvement so the EBITDA margin for the quarter is 16.1% which is up 
306 basis points. If you can see for the quarter overall business has shown a good growth 
momentum during the quarter and you can also see marginal improvement which is 
supported by cost as well as some focus that we have had on better margin businesses. I will 
take about it a little later in a minute. If you look at the yearly performance, we have 
achieved a gross turnover of Rs. 6,642 Crores marginally up 0.6%. A net turnover of 
Rs.2651 Crores down by 7.6%. Keep in mind that when we are looking at the comparative 
year for one quarter. For the prior year we also had the business which eventually became a 
part of the joint venture. EBITDA for the year on a consolidated basis is Rs.319 Crores up 
15.4%. EBITDA margin has also seen improvement at 11.9% which is up 237 basis points. 
As I mentioned to you, it has been impacted to some extent by the transfer of the EOD 
business to the JV which was still part of IGL for the Q1 in the prior comparative year and 
we have also discontinued some lower margin businesses which has impacted our turnover 
but at an overall EBITDA and EBITDA margin level it has remained healthy. As you have 
heard from us before the pressures on energy cost have largely affected the entire year and 
having said that we have taken actions for cost mitigation which has helped our margin 
improvement. Giving you a quick snapshot of what happened through the year so you can 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
see, I have already advocated the numbers. We have had good revenue growth in terms of 
potable spirits which is up 10% and Ennature Biopharma which is at 22% and a decline in 
the BSPC or Bio-based Specialties and Performance Chemical top line with 15.9% again 
this is the part of the business from which the specialty portfolio was carved out and put 
into the joint venture and this is also part of the business in which we discontinued some 
poor margin businesses which is something that I have already mentioned. EBITDA in the 
quarter improved by 19% on a year-on-year basis compared to the same quarter of prior 
year and it improved 15.4% for FY2023 and you can see that there is a margin 
improvement across sectors so for the BSPC EBITDA margin for Q4 is 14.9% which is up 
300 basis points and for the year it 9.7% which is up 270 basis points. For Potable Spirit for 
the quarter EBITDA margin is 16% which is up 40 basis points and for the year it is 14.1% 
which is up 50 basis points. For the Ennature Biopharma about 20 basis points 
improvement in EBITDA margin. That is also a business which is the highest margin 
business as such so that margin has been maintained. It has moved marginally up from 
28.4% to 30.2%. Overall margins improvement across sectors we have had good margins 
sustained in ennature biopharma and we have also seen some positive impact on the cost 
including in house manufacture of grain-based ethanol and as I mentioned discontinuing 
some poor margin businesses. For Q4, PBT after exceptional items and share of profits in 
the joint venture is up by 43.4% on a year-on-year basis and PAT for the quarter stood at 
Rs.40 Crores and Rs.141 Crores for the full year which is FY2022-23. 
Coming to some other non financial kind of highlights for the business. As I mentioned cost 
pressures have continued with high international ethanol prices however we see some 
softening energy prices and as you all know a significant reset on freight which has been a 
relief to us. I will talk about in a couple of minutes about some signs of softening future 
ethanol prices but it is too early for me to say whether it is going to be permanent. If it 
happens it is good for us. We have talked about grain based ethanol plants that we have 
installed, we have commissioned. The originally planned capacity has been achieved. It is 
helping us mitigate the impact of huge feed stock price increases and we are working on 
further debottlenecking the ethanol capacity to get more ethanol out it. May be we will do 
some bolt on capacity increases as well so as a result for the last many months we have 
completely stopped importing ethanol and if you go back one and a half to two years all the 
ethanol requirements for our business was actually coming from imports so I think that has 
been a major rise I would say strategic actions on the part of IGL to have taken that step I 
think it is helping us clearly. We have also from time to time spoken about new value-added 
products to the new specialties unit so that project is by and large as per plan. It has got 
multiple units to be commissioned smaller units to be commissioned one after the other. 
One has already been commissioned. Of course businesses like this need much more than 
that. It needs significant amount of work in terms of product development and business 
development which is work in progress. We are working with several good customers 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
domestic and international and we have started initial commercial supplies to a few 
customers I think which has been a good start as we expected. On Ennature Biopharma we 
have successfully completed the EU-GMP audit conducted by the European directorate for 
the quality of medicine at our plant in Dehradun and this allows us to sell some of our 
nutraceuticals products in the Europe because it is a kind of a standard in Europe like FDA. 
On the joint venture front, we had a strong top line growth for the year but margins have 
continued to be under pressure overall because of the increased cost of ethylene oxide, feed 
stock and energy. IGL is also sold its entire stake in Shakumbari Sugar and Allied 
Industries Limited and the sale of the parent company’s entire investment and equity shares 
and preference shares of the subsidiary is contemplated in one or more transfers to be 
completed before May 31, 2023. I stand corrected here. I have been told that it has been 
moved to 15th August 2023. 
To give you a quick snap shot on what has happened in various business segments. As you 
know we have classified our business into three broad segments Bio-based Specialties and 
Performance chemicals which is BSPC, Potable Spirits and Ennature Biopharma. So, 
talking about BSPC Q4 revenue stands at Rs.389 Crores down by 9.3%. Full year revenue 
is at Rs.1705 Crores down 15.9% and we said that EBITDA for Q4 is up 12% and EBITDA 
for the full year for BSPC is up 17% and Q4 EBITDA margins at 15% are up 300 basis 
points. Full year EBITDA margins at 9.7% are up 270 basis points for BSPC. As I had 
mentioned and repeating it again business transfer to the joint venture was part of the Q1 
2021-2022 results as far as BSPC is concerned so that is also in terms of comparative terms 
affect these numbers. We focussed on better margin businesses. We have discontinued 
some core margin businesses that has shown in terms of a reduction in top line but we can 
see a healthy growth as far as EBITDA and EBITDA margins are concerned. We have 
taken a number of actions including operational changes to bring down cost that has helped 
and we are developing new niche customers for our green products which are an ongoing 
process for us. The advantage also was that we now have in house ENA or ethanol available 
from grain based so not to a large extent to a significant extent mitigated the cost of increase 
in ethanol prices for us. New specialties unit is also going to help us build this business. It is 
a business that will grow slowly not a plant to set up and starting operating at 50%, 60% 
and 70% capacity right on day one. I think the entire exercise is about developing products, 
working with customers, and doing their business development work so that is in progress. 
On the Potable Spirits front, Q4 revenues are up 6% on year-on-year basis. Full year 
revenue up 10%. EBITDA for Q4 is up by a very good 32% and EBITDA for the full year 
is up 13%. On the EBITDA margins for Q4 it is 16% up 300 basis points. For the full year 
it is at 14% up 50 basis points. In summary, on the branded country liquor spirits, we have 
maintained a strong position in UP and Uttarakhand which has been the case for a couple of 
years. We also see that packaging material costs have gone up but they are stabilizing and 
they are giving us some room for margin improvement. There have been policy changes in 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
several states. I think the biggest policy change or change after change I would say has been 
happening in Delhi where the government reverted to now only the government-controlled 
bodies since September 2022 after all that has been going on in Delhi which means that 
there will be no private retailers for whiskey. It is in a way myself from the point of view of 
managing outstanding. The UP government has given some price increases as far as country 
liquor is concerned and this is expected to have a positive impact in the upcoming financial 
years. 
I am talking about Ennature Biopharma Q4 revenue was 16.7%, full year revenue was 
22.7%, EBITDA in Q4 up 15% and full year up 22%. Margins for the quarter at 30.2% is 
up 30 basis points. Margins for the full year at 28.4% up 20 basis points. One of the good 
developments for the year has been a four times growth in the nicotine business segment 
compared to last year. We have continued to maintain this position as far as 
Thiocolchicoside is concerned. The market has been challenging from the point of view of 
demand as well as pricing and Thiocolchicoside is the API what also good is that the 
dependence on the business on API has been reduced by growing the business in terms of 
nicotine and in terms of branded nutraceuticals. That trend is expected to continue in the 
year ahead as well. You must have seen the financial summary so I will not go through the 
other details on the financial summary. I have covered segment wise performance and I 
have largely talked about the EBITDA performance but in terms of the reported results you 
will also see EBIT numbers because that is how it is supposed to be reported. I did not go 
through them because I have made that general commentary in terms of business of coming 
to segment wise performance. I have enclosed some details in terms of feedstock prices. 
The coal prices have softened a little bit which is good. Ethanol prices have continued to 
remain high, and I will talk about them a little bit. Ethanol has been important for our 
business, and I have from time to time spoken to you about the global ethanol scenario. I 
have mentioned to you that from a landed ethanol price of close to Rs.40 a litre we went up 
to Rs.70 a litre and the prices have continued to stay quite high for quite some time which is 
quite unusual if you look at it historically so obviously there are several considerations over 
there which includes ethanol blending, which includes the war. While everybody talks 
about war affecting everything but I think clearly you would understand that it has a 
significant connect. Energy prices in Europe went up very very high so a few things have 
happened some of which are encouraging. One is that there has been an extension of the 
grain day in Russia to allow export of grain through Ukraine navigating through Black Sea 
or the Bosphorus Strait. You would know that Ukraine is actually a big supplier of grain in 
the world. 10% of wheat, 15% of corn, and 13% of barley so that immediately impacts the 
grain prices and ethanol prices in many ways. You know the gas prices in Europe actually 
went up more than 10 to 11 times to something like €340 per megawatt which was down to 
close to €30 now so that has been a big relief based on the actions that Europe have taken. I 
understand that they have very significantly reduced the dependent on Russian gas. Energy 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
prices of course were also putting pressure on ethanol prices for two reasons. One is that the 
increased blending of ethanol for the country to become more energy independent and also 
in general people have higher cost and likely more blending. I also understand that because 
of this constraint that Ukraine had they are also putting up their own ethanol plant so it will 
be very interesting to see what that does because they are finding difficulties in supplying 
the grain.  
In general, rising interest rates and weaker prices of the agri commodities like wheat and 
corn paddy has had an impact. There is a broader projection worldwide that longer term 
gasoline usage is expected to decline at least in US and some of the major markets and I 
think in India, it will probably see a similar trend for whatever it means you can all feel a 
little proud that India now is the world's largest producer and consumer of sugar ever since 
we were children, we thought Brazil was number one and we were number two but as I said 
I have just spoken about trends and we all know that in today's world it is very, very 
difficult for even the best experts to make predictions and I am no expert, but since it is 
something that impacts our business, I thought I will give you a quick update. So that is 
more or less what I had to talk to you about in terms of how our business has been doing 
across segments, what are some of the factors that have been impacting us or what are some 
of the actions that we have taken and hope I was clear in communicating what I had to and 
over to Akash for us to take a few questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Thank you for taking my question Sir. Congratulations for a good set of number so just 
wanted to understand the kind of margin expansion which we have seen in this quarter? 
Obviously there was some bit from the low margin businesses which we have discontinued 
and most of the benefit maybe would be coming from the grain based plant so what other 
apart from this what are the other factors has contributed to margin expansion and how 
much we are seeing going forward that could be possibility of further margin expansion in 
context of this grain based plant? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So Rohit to answer your question, I think first of all there are several factors. One of course 
is the fact that we have put in grain based ethanol capacities in house and as far as that is 
concerned in the last quarter we were using all in-house ethanol so a big jump coming from 
adding grain capacities by itself is not going to happen except that if we start to get cheaper 
ethanol from imports we could always direct what we are manufacturing largest parts of 
that for the biofuel segment or if we add capacity. The other thing that we have done as I 
said is we have taken steps to reduce poor margin businesses. In fact to tell you one of our 
challenges was that we run continuous plant and if you run continuous plants, various 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
products get produced at a minimum support rate anyway one of them being MEG so which 
means that in a very, very bad market, there really has been a bloodshed as far as MEG is 
concerned not only for IGL but for other people as well, but most of IGL given our higher 
costs so we had no choice but to held the energy that we producing so we have taken some 
operational action based on which we could operate our plant at much, much lower energy 
output and shifting the mix of product which we could sell. That has helped us, so 
obviously that business which sometimes could also be loss making. We are not doing in 
terms of top line and some other things that we are working on some action that we taken. 
We have been trying to run a very comprehensive energy equipment programme on the site. 
A number of those actions have been taken. Had it not been for some of those actions we 
would not have seen such results. That I believe will continue and we will get some more 
benefits out of those actions in the years to come because some of these actions are slightly 
longer term. It may take us six months or even one year to complete based on equipment 
that has been ordered. It is too early for me to say what outlook I gave for you to margin, 
but I think there is enough reason to believe that the margin improvement that you saw this 
year and this quarter is not a one stop happening. It is based on fundamental things. It is 
based on ethanol capacity. It is based on energy. It is based on changing the operational 
philosophy for our plant which allowed us to not do poor margin business so I hope that 
answers your question Rohit. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Yes Sir thank you. Secondly, I mean as we were talking about the debottlenecking grain-
based plant so just wanted to understand what is the update there when we are expecting 
new capacity to add and would we be looking for selling in the market also ethanol and if 
we have a better pricing scenario? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
You have answered the question Rohit. Look I do not have numbers to give you right now 
in terms of what capacity increase, but we are quite encouraged that we have done the right 
thing and we are also aware that the government is quite bullish on continue to blend more. 
As you know the government has actually preponed their target of ethanol blending from 
2030 to 2025 so which means there will be a requirement for ethanol and from our 
perspective anything additional that we produce, we believe we could always sell it for 
biofuel blending largely. Of course it is a little more complicated than that because there are 
geography constraints and transportation constraints. It is not that suddenly you could ship 
it all the way to Tamil Nadu, but yes the generic strategy will be of course we will also have 
to look at how to allocate our capex and so on but the generic strategy is to get some more 
capacities out of our plant without spending an awful amount of money and if we have 
whatever amount of surplus ethanol we have we could contribute more towards the biofuel 
opportunity. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay great. One last question before I come into queue in the Potable business as we have 
mentioned that earlier we have got price revision from the UP government so for other 
regions what is the update and given the size increase there I mean from Q1 FY2024 maybe 
we should be expecting better margin in the Potable business also or it could be in the 
similar line? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See I think we are talking about branded country spirits and maybe I can ask and you want 
to comment or may be Deepak can comment and you can add. 
Raju Vaziraney: 
I will comment on IMFL. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Deepak are you there. 
Deepak Satya: 
To answer your question. In the country liquor the EDP increase will be having be having a 
kind of a positive impact across the strength of business that is 25%, 36% and 42.8% there 
has been a significant, not a significant one, but considerable price rise given by the UP 
government and when it comes to Uttarakhand the introduction of tetra packaging in the 
country liquor segment, it also gives us another kind of an area to improve our margins in 
this business. 
Raju Vaziraney: 
As far as IMFL is concerned in Delhi, as our CEO mentioned a few minutes ago Delhi 
offers a good opportunity for newcomers and Indian companies because number of MNCs 
are not approved this year. You would have read it in the newspapers so what we have 
consciously done is in states like UP, where our deployment of working capital is very high 
because we have to offer duty paid credits. Here is an opportunity where we deal with 
government and government pays us within 30 days so the entire cash flow cycle improves 
number one. Number two, we have made huge gains in terms of as many as three Vodkas 
we are doing one plain and two flavors and cautiously we are trading the product mix and 
also the state mix so ultimately in the long term this will give us very good results because 
our dependence on our home states of UP and Uttarakhand number one will not only 
reduce, it will improve the cash pricing as well as the bottom line. Cautiously the 
management has taken a call to enter into markets which are corporation driven where the 
money is secure and the payments come in time so we are opening up in states like 
Rajasthan which is a corporation lead market and it is a big white spirits market and our 
Amazing Vodka is showing good signs and good traction so it is already number two 
Vodka in UP, Uttarakhand and Delhi so we would like to open up more corporation markets 
where we can make our presence felt. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Okay Sir got it. That is it from my side. I will came back in queue. Thank you. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from Incred Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A few questions from my side. Firstly I want to understand 
there is a statement in the earnings presentation where you say that you’re a leader in 
country liquor so I just want to understand country liquor or branded country liquor and 
how different is the segment, how big is the country liquor size and how big is the branded 
segment out of that? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So it is not much of a difference as far as we are concerned. All are country liquor is sold as 
branded so it is branded country liquor. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay how much percentage market share would you have in branded country liquor if I 
may ask? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes Deepak do you know the numbers? 
Deepak Satya: 
We hold a decent market share of about 25% to 27% in UP. We are one of the largest 
producers of country liquor there and in terms of the market share in Uttarakhand we 
command close to about a 50% to 55% share in Uttarakhand. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay so when you say you have 27% of country liquor in UP, you are not discriminating 
between branded country liquor and normal country liquor? 
Deepak Satya: 
No, we are not discriminating between them. Both are the same. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Both are the same okay understood. Now I want to understand one more thing Sir in the 
recent excise policy by the state of UP, they mentioned something on the lines of what the 
Rajasthan government does in the sense of UPML or UML, UP made liquor how are you 
viewing the segment? Do you think this segment is going to be very lucrative for a 
company like yours who has a huge market in country liquor already? 
Deepak Satya: 
Sir to answer your question. The UP made liquor is predominantly directed at I mean like in 
order to promote the production from grain, grain based ENA leveraging that to make a 
country liquor that is what the idea of the UP government was. What they have done is they 
have placed this entire UP segment UPML in the 42.8 strength of country liquor and we 
definitely do see this as a kind of like a large market. Having said that so this particular 42.8 
has traction in all of your UP that is from West to East and we are currently working out on 
our logistics to cater to far West of the UP because our plant is in the Eastern side of the UP 
so in our adjacent districts of the manufacturing location we are pretty much well placed in 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
that and we are leveraging our existing network to penetrate into the shops that are allocated 
for country liquor, but on the Western and the central part of UP, we are working on our 
logistics and hopefully by the end of next quarter will be able to update you more on this. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. Sir one of the participants had asked a question and you responded saying 
about the Vodka segment, you mentioned your positioning in the Vodka segment? You 
have also launched a whiskey single reservoir whisky is that gaining traction in the market 
especially the home market? 
Raju Vaziraney: 
Yes see we have launched three new brands in the last one year and we would like to 
consolidate them. First, as you rightly mentioned, it is amazing Vodka. Amazing Vodka has 
got very good response from the consumers and we have as much as 25% to 27% market 
share in Uttarakhand. We have more than 12% in UP and we already have more than 17% 
in Delhi and within a span of one year. This is largely due to our brilliant blend that we 
have innovated and end of the day blend is what sells in the market. Now as far as single 
reserve is concerned, the whisky segment is very difficult in India because multinationals 
all make their brands available in India and it is very, very competitive. It is very easy for us 
to burn a lot of money and try to make gains in the whiskey market but ultimately the 
consumer is extremely, the franchise of the brands in competition is very, very strong and 
deep pockets are required for making whiskeys popular. So it is a slow burner, but it is a 
definite growth. We have good traction of single reserve in Uttarakhand and Delhi. UP we 
are concentrating on Vodka and the third brand that we have launched called Zumba. 
Zumba as the name suggests talks about fun and frolic and it is aimed at youth and it is a 
fun drink and we have got two expressions of Zumba. One is the Zumba Black, which is a 
spiced rum. Spiced Rum is a new innovation in the market. Youngsters love spice rum as 
opposed to the traditional cane juice which will give off smell. We offered genuine spiced 
rum and second is the, we have a very prominent summer in the North particularly in our 
hinterland of UP, Uttarakhand and Delhi so we have offered a citrus version of Zumba, the 
early signs are very encouraging. As you know we make Bacardi in Kashipur Bacardi 
brands, it is coming from the same source. We have very high degree of quality 
consciousness at our mother plant in Kashipur and the good report is that we are making 
good inroads into the semi premium segment. This is our first brand in the semi premium 
segment which is as high as Bacardi Plus we say so we are at say 5% higher than Bacardi 
and I am sure in the next few quarters, the brand will establish itself. So all the three brands 
we are very closely working. We have no plans to launch new brands because we want to 
consolidate on these new three brands launched last year. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood Sir. Sir last question from my side what has been the ENA price trend in UP 
and what is it now? What was it during the quarter and what is it now and the same thing 
for grain prices broken that is damaged grain prices. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Sorry. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Broken rice prices because that is what the main source of ENA would be? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes look, I think I do not have the exact numbers of the grain prices inside, but maybe you 
can send us this question. I know that they have been largely range bound which is around 
22.  
Anand Singhal: 
The grain which we are buying from FCI that is costing us Rs.20 and from the market, the 
grain largely is coming out in the range of Rs.21 to Rs.22 at present. The prices have 
slightly firmed up in last one to one and a half months but the FCI prices is firm at Rs.20. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood and similarly for ENA? 
Anand Singhal: 
ENA in the market since we are buying grain and molasses more than the ENA it is still I 
will say that the grain prices are ranging from Rs.49 to Rs.52.  
Rupark Sarswat :  
So you are talking about ENA buying prices or selling. We largely sell ENA. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
I am talking about the selling prices or the market prices at which the market it trading or 
which companies are buying it? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So there is a wide range Nitin. It is anywhere between Rs.62 to Rs.65. Even in some places 
it is Rs.70 depending on applications and so many other factors. We are not a very big ENA 
player. We have our huge consumption based on our opportunity we sell. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Good evening Sir. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Sir on the power and fuel 
cost, it is above 15% of sales in Q4 FY2023 and can we expect this will normalize around 
8% to 10% in that kind of range and we also signed an agreement with Renew Green to 
secure captive wind and solar hybrid power when this will come into the place if you could 
share more light on that? This is my first question. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Bala to answer your second question first. We expect the Renew agreement to be, we have 
already signed it, but for us to start commercially getting this will be one and a half years 
from now but from this time roughly two years ballpark right and as far as the cost of 
materials is concerned I was looking at. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Anand Singhal: 
This you are asking Mr. Balasubramanian is vis-à-vis the last quarter or what. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir power and fuel cost in this quarter Sir Q4? 
Anand Singhal: 
Q4 power and fuel cost is about Rs.102 Crores. 
Balasubramanian: 
It is above 15% of sales and if you look at historical which comes to 8% to 10% of sales 
and will the forecast remain elevated in that range or like how you are going to manage? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So Bala what has happened is there two things while the power cost as a percentage is high. 
One power and fuel costs not only power costs, One we have mentioned to you that the 
energy cost really went up and having largely it was quite high and that is why I also 
displayed a coal cost because that also contributes to fuel costs. So, we were buying coal on 
credit that is one factor. The second factor is that since we have also discontinued some not 
so profitable businesses in terms of volume, etc., so you see that to some extent that there is 
an impact of the scale so per unit cost seems to be higher, but if you see overall EBITDA 
level that is much better so I think in terms of trends, what I would see, it is a bit of a guess 
estimate looking forward. One is that as volumes come back, volumes were relatively 
lower, both from a daily perspective and from our own perspective. We got rid of some 
businesses and as an energy cost stabilize whether it is coal or whether it is a Renew power 
coming to us, I would a little cautiously say that our power and fuel cost as a percentage of 
revenue can be expected to come down. It is very difficult for me to give specific numbers 
but I have given you the rationale based on the current changes. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay got it Sir. Sir on the export side, what would be out revenue share for 2023 and Q4 
FY2023 and are we facing any challenges on the export side because some of the countries 
are slowing down right now if you could share your comment that would be really helpful? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So, Bala countries are slowing down. Obviously, it will put some pressure. As of now, we 
had some challenges which have included freight, which have include increased costs of 
technology, it has included lower costs off energy, etc., so I think we have been all that is 
there. We are looking at it cautiously like you I also read Germany has gone into recession 
so there is no doubt that there will be some impact but how much is very difficult for me to 
right now say, but it is not that it is going to suddenly fall off the cliff. That we do not see. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay Sir got it. Sir on that Bio-based Specialties and Performance Chemicals if you could 
share which are that products are witnessing tractions or which are the products are facing 
slowdowns? 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Rupark Sarswat: 
See, we have two categories in this. One is a category called glycols so in glycols what we 
saw was that over the last two or four years one big customers of our buying glycols for use 
in packaging, they shifted to recycled PET in the US and that customer at one point in time 
was 95%. All our sales to that customer came down. However, the good thing is that over 
the last three or four years, we have developed a number of niche few customers which is 
about 15 to 20 customers and our sales have continued to steadily grow and despite the fact 
that we lost a customer which was 95% of our sales four years ago, we have still maintained 
70% of our profitability and we expect that the steady growth will continue in the years to 
come. You know, we have also seen some players who are working on 100% bio PET. 
Right now the bio PET which is made in the world uses two components. One of the 
component is Bio MEG. The other one is PTA. PTA was still not bio-based and people are 
very kind of somewhat excited that they would like to offer 100% bio based PET. When 
those units come up, we are expecting that it will happen in the next one to two years, we 
will see further traction in that segment. We faced a challenge as far as glycol ethers are 
concerned mainly because butyle prices internationally drop so we had a lot of competition 
whilst we maintained domestic sales over there. ENA, we have seen good traction for a few 
reasons. One is that we are now manufacturing grain based in ENA ourselves, so that 
momentum will also continue. In biopolymer, we have done quite well. It is a small 
business, but we have grown well both in terms of top line as well as bottom line and 
because of our focus on specialty value added products, we expect that momentum to 
continue. In the new specialty areas, it is something which is a completely new range of 
products, not something that has gone to the joint ventures. The focus that I have seen so far 
in terms of the work that we are doing on process development, business development, and 
initial commercial success is positive so you will see that we will continue to see good 
traction in a new specialty product particularly somewhat this year because this will be the 
first year of various parts of the plant getting commission but definitely next year, so I have 
tried to give you a snapshot on the relative level of tractions that we are seeing in various 
segments. 
Balasubramanian: 
Thank you so much for detailed answer Sir. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good Q4. Sir my first question is in the last one 
year we had a challenging P&L however the balance sheet has become more leaner given 
that we have done a lot of noncore businesses divestment, I just wanted to get a perspective 
from a three-year vision, what will be the individual levers for individual segments and 
what are the key challenges that we may face to get that particular vision right? Thank you. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So thank you Rohit for asking me a difficult question, but I will give you a long answer. 
You asked me about the key levers and challenges right? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right I mean from a three year perspective, what are the growth drivers across our business 
segments and what could be the challenges that we might face? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Okay so the drivers for our business is one of the actions that we have taken was to do 
significant risk mitigation in terms of feedstocks and as I had spoken about it earlier we are 
one of the few companies which now have potentially three sources of ethanol and three 
potential outlet for ethanol so we could do grain, we could molasses, we could do imports 
and you can use them in chemicals, you can use them in potable spirits, and you can use 
them in biofuels. That has largely been taken and I think that makes our business quite 
resilient from the point of view of safeguarding some of the things that we saw. The second 
broad key driver is where is the growth going to come from? So in terms of the growth, we 
have been looking at several things. I think we have looked at new areas, which is what led 
us to taking our small steps toward new value added product where we are looking at 
amines, we are looking at plasticizers, and we are looking at oilfield chemicals. Oilfield 
chemicals already we are selling some. We are looking at grain solvents and more new 
chemistries as well and the third driver would be our ability to leverage our strength and 
credibility in several areas which is sustainability, product development, process 
development, R&D and developing some real good partnerships and we are talking to as we 
speak at least five or six big global companies to see how we can develop some partnerships 
so these I see as key growth drivers. Of course, we need to take actions internally within the 
organization, which is to restructure and strengthen the growth engine in terms of people, in 
terms of systems and processes and in terms of culture. The challenges that I see is one of 
course whether the world slows down. The challenges in terms of feedstock prices like 
ethanol. Right now of course they are showing signs of a softening, which is a good sign 
and the competition response in terms of what happens to MEG, etc. I think and I like to 
believe that the worst headwinds that we had to see, we have seen in the last one and a half 
to two years. Some headwinds may continue. We may have a few new ones, but my guess 
is that the worst has been received and I will now we need to direct our sail make use on 
new tailwinds. There are potential significant tailwinds. I think the fact that the world is 
looking at India is a very reality for partnerships with good manufacturing organizations in 
India. For that there are a number of developments in India in the chemical industry be it 
hydrogen, be it with hydrogen-based chemicals, be it with ammonia, be it energy I think 
they are going to be very interesting enablers for the chemical industry so all in all I think 
times of caution continue if you understand that. We are in a very, very rapidly changing 
world but given what I have seen over the last couple of years, I am certain about what is 
going to happen but I am reasonably confident and optimistic that we will navigate this 
well. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure thanks a lot. That was an elaborate answer. Sir the second question is Anand Sir for 
you on the balance sheet front once these divestments are done and we receive money from 
Clariant the rest of the Rs.190 Crores, what would be the debt on our balance sheet? 
Anand Singhal: 
Rohit if you talk about the debt numbers, the company is having say about Rs.621 Crores 
term loan okay as of 31 March 2023. Out of that if we get that money which is to come 
from the joint venture which is about Rs.100 Crores so that will also go to the debt 
repayment. Apart from this, we have a normal repayment of the rupee term loan which is 
about Rs.150 Crores and of course, the $11.4 million for EPBG because the remaining 
period for EBVG is only for two years. So hopefully I will say that debt will start coming 
down because there is no big size capex in the pipeline except some of the expansions in the 
grain distillery or some of the projects which we have already undertaken okay so we do not 
expect any big number or big increase in the term loan and of course, it will come down that 
is what I can say. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Just one last question if I can squeeze in from the ethoxylate perspective the business 
that we have diversified to Clariant, how much of the ethoxylate usually go in for 
agrochemicals? I mean I am asking this question primarily because there has been a 
significant demand slowdown on the agrochemicals given that inventory destocking is 
going on and plus China coming back into the equation, so just wanted to get a perspective 
whether it will affect the JV business significantly or not Thank you? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Rohit I do not have the exact numbers or what percentage of there is argo chemical. I can 
only see that given some of the actions that we have taken on the cost front and some more 
that we will take because the challenges of the JV are completely different. As of now, we 
would be seeing some increase in daily off take activity but to be honest how agro 
chemicals, it is not really big for them. Look, there are many segments, but it is not as if it is 
the dominant segment for them. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure got it. Thanks a lot for answering the questions and best of luck Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon all. I got a few questions. The first is on the revenue outlook for 
each of the segments for say FY2024 and FY2025 we had a lot of the demerger which 
optically made revenue growth look softer for the last two quarters can you help us 
understand what is the range? I know we do not give guidance but at least a ballpark range 
if it is possible for us to grow the revenue assuming the raw materials prices remain where 
we are today. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Yes. As I said we do not give forecast for top line, but I have in my long answers to 
questions from Rohit and Bala before this I had talked about the levers and I have talked 
about the challenges. I have narrated the action that we have already taken. I said that some 
of these things will continue to possibly impact us in the times to come. There are some 
uncertainties around as you said, I was asked about the recession in the world about what 
happens to ethanol prices. The fact that I believe the last one and a half to two years was 
probably one of the most difficult times and times ahead in my view would be better and 
the same thing I have to say about the business very, very difficult to put a number to it or 
at least I would not like to give a forecast. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough Sir. The second question is on the ethanol we have used grain based ethanol for 
captive consumption while we started with the view that we may use it for the blending say 
a year down the line if ethanol prices come down to say Rs.40 again will you want to shift 
grain based ethanol for the energy and we start again importing back ethanol for our 
downstream products? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
The answer is in your question. The good thing is that our capacities will not go waste. We 
can direct more and more towards Bio fuels and for captive use we will start using imported 
ethanol. We think it will help us in our top line as well as bottom line. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it, but jut now we have an edge on the raw material locally at least significantly because 
we are now backward integrated for ethanol from a business perspective what is more 
advantageous position for India Glycol? The ethanol prices remain high and we are 
backward integrated? We can always remain competitive to peers or you want the ethanol 
prices to normalize and we maximize the earnings from all our assets so what is more 
idealistic situation for India Glycols? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
That is also clear Sanjesh you would understand that. If the ethanol was a free market and 
everything could be sold everywhere and then you would imagine that if the ethanol prices 
fall what would happen to my factory but that is not the situation. You have got a 
government which wants to blend 20% by 2025 compared to 2030 so they are encouraging 
people to put ethanol capacities and the price of ethanol is decided by the government 
leaving on the table some reasonable decent or marginal profit for the manufacturer. Okay 
so that is the case. In this respect what happens is, our other business which had the 
traditional business of India Glycols is in the business of ethanol based and bio based 
chemicals. Now you said we have an edge. We do not have an edge. We have tried to 
mitigate the risk. Right now we do not have an edge. At one point in time we had an edge 
because our competition is not ethanol. Our competition is crude so if the ethanol prices 
come down globally and for the chemical sector, it is good for us. Increased crude prices 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
and lower ethanol prices are good for us. It is more complicated than that but I have to give 
an answer, so that is what broadly it is. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No it is quite clear for me. The next question is on the JV performance for the year at least 
can you elaborate and explain as how is the JV performing? Are we on the track to what we 
thought when the JV was signed? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
So on the top line yes. On the bottom line, no and I have mentioned to you that the same 
sectors which are impacting us, particularly EO and ethoxylate which we sell that affected 
their profitability quite a lot, but on the top line as I mentioned it has been a good growth 
for the year for the JV. So going forward, I think some more actions are being taken on the 
cost front, which will help them compete better in the market. Some actions are also taken 
which were always supposed to be slightly longer term which is developing the bio-based 
business in their international market which as you would imagine is time consuming one 
from an approval perspective and second, it also involves transferring some recipe and 
some technologies here which will also time consuming so those two are the positives 
which the JV would like to leverage in this year and the year ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. My last question is on the capex so we intend to increase our ethanol capacity from 
180 KL to 360 KL and this will be largely a Brownfield so will this be a significantly lower 
capex than what we did in the first phase because a lot of infra will be commonly used 
when we are expanding the capacity and number two, what is the capex anticipation for a 
FY2024? 
Rupark Sarswat: 
The answer to your question will it be lower is yes. We still have a lot of things to do. We 
have a Brownfield site already there. We also have some infrastructure traditionally from 
molasses base fermented, etc., contracting so the cost will continue to be significantly lesser 
than that of Greenfield size.  
Anand Singhal: 
In 2024, we are hopeful that the capex size for all the capexes which is under pipeline or 
which we will start fresh like 180 KLPD to 360 KLPD will be around Rs.200 Crores. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. You want to give the number what was in the capex means from increasing 180 
KLPD to 360 KLPD? 
Anand Singhal: 
No, that is in process. I cannot share that number right now, but the overall capex size for 
the year 2024 will be around Rs.200 Crores. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough. That answers all my questions and best of luck for the coming quarter. Thank 
you. 

 
 
 
India Glycols 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for this call. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Rupark Sarswat: 
Thank you Akash. Thank you very much for conducting this conference. Thank you 
gentleman and ladies, no lady asked me a question though for joining us on this conference 
and showing the level of interest that you have shown by asking me a lot of questions. We 
hope we have given you the responses that you needed and behalf of my colleagues here 
thank you. A good evening and best wishes to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose)  
India Glycols Limited   
Head Office   
2B, Sector – 126, Noida,   
Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, 201304   
Tel: +91-120-6860000, 3090100, 3090200   
Fax: +91-120-3090111   
 
Registered Office   
A-1, Industrial Area, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713  
District Udham Singh Nagar (Uttarakhand)   
Tel: +91-5947-269000, 269500   
Fax: +91-5947-275315, 269535   
Email: investor.relations@indiaglycols.com   
CIN: L24111UR1983PLC009097 
