29th May, 2023 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
  
                  Subject: Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held 
on Tuesday 23rd May, 2023 to discuss financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023. 
 
The transcripts are also available on Company's website at: 
https://www.ppapco.in/assets/pdf/quarterly_reports/PPAP_Automotive_Q4FY23_Transcript.pdf 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
 
Pankhuri Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
PANKHURI 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=90c26cdb32994063afb8c07c5
da85b91, 
2.5.4.20=e90719d9b714e1f5fff521063df7b4
f9cf36d730e9f2e1676a822382609a98f3, 
postalCode=201017, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a4e4
fc771f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d694aa4
73, cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.05.29 18:09:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited 
Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all 
information should be verified with the company by the reader 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PPAP AUTOMOTIVE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR – PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call of 
PPAP Automotive Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an Moderator: by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Abhishek Jain, MD and CEO at PPAP Automotive Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, . Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Quarter 4 and Financial Year 
'23 Earnings Call. I'm accompanied by our CFO, Mr. Sachin Jain; and SGA, our Investor 
Relations Advisor on this call today. I hope everyone has had a chance to go through the investor 
presentation already shared. Let me start with a brief overview on the industry. 
Indian passenger vehicle industry has surpassed Japanese industry to become the third largest 
auto market globally preceded by China and U.S. In spite of becoming number 3, the difference 
between India and its nearest competitor runs into millions of vehicles, which gives us enough 
headroom to grow in future. 
The penetration still continues to be in single digit in India. With rising incomes and higher 
penetration, the industry is at the cusp of an explosive growth. The passenger vehicle industry is 
expected to reach 6 million vehicles by 2030 provided that our GDP per capita reaches to a level 
of $5,000. 
India's $222 billion automotive industry will grow to $300 billion industry by 2026 on the 
account of increase of the vehicle industry. 2-wheelers and passenger cars dominate the market, 
accounting for 76% and 17.4% of the market share, respectively. The overall automotive 
industry registered a growth of 21% in financial year '23 on a year-on-year basis, out of which 
the passenger vehicle grew somewhere at the rate of 25% to 27% in financial year '23 as 
compared to 13% in financial year '22 on the basis of a low base. 
The growth is driven by increase in disposable incomes, coupled with lease and financing 
options. The industry is slowly moving towards premiumization, wherein we are witnessing a 
shift of demand from entry-level A segment cars to SUVs. The SUV segment command a 
staggering 43% market share today. This change is being driven by our young Gen Z population, 
who have a global mindset and prefer innovative and safer products. 
The passenger vehicle segment is expected to grow from 5% to 7% in financial year '24 on the 
back of gradual improvement in semiconductor supplies, coupled with new model launches. On 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
the component side, the industry body ACMA estimates the industry growth at 23% to $56.5 
billion in financial year '22. The double-digit growth in the upcoming financial year is expected 
on the back of demand from both local and overseas markets despite fears of recession in major 
markets of U.S. and Europe. 
Now let me briefly reiterate our business model, which we have curated in the last 2 years and 
give you the latest updates on each segment. Our company was established in 1978 for 
manufacturing custom-made extrusion products. The company started its journey of achieving 
global level excellence in 1985 with the start of the automotive business. The company's core 
competence is in developing plastic and rubber-based extrusion systems as well as plastic 
injection molding systems for various industries. The company also focuses on developing high-
precision plastic injection tooling. 
I am delighted to share that all our products are engine agnostic, which enables PPAP to cater to 
all the OEMs and all of their models. The automotive business is the core business of the 
company. We are continuously focusing on enhancing our per car contribution as well as adding 
new customers, including their Tier 1 makers as part of our strategy to grow the business. 
In this segment, Maruti Suzuki continues to be our biggest customer, followed by Honda, Tata 
Motors, Toyota, Renault Nissan, MG Motors, Volkswagen, Hyundai and Kia and many of the 
Tier 1 companies associated with these OEMs, like Asahi, Saint-Gobain, Kaizen etcetera. 
During the quarter under review, we have started manufacturing parts for the new Hyundai 
Verna as well as we've added a new -- 2 new products for Tata Safari as well as Honda City. In 
the current quarter, which is going on, we will be starting our supplies for the much anticipated 
Suzuki Jimny as well as the new McCormack which is an electric vehicle. 
During the quarter, the parts business grew by 10%, which is in line with the inventory growth. 
During the full year, the parts business grew by 25%. We are in the process of developing 
premium technology, which will demand higher revenues and margins going forward. In this 
segment, although we are able to see robust demand and sales coming through. However, the 
margins have taken a hit. This has happened primarily due to the unprecedented rise in raw 
material prices over the past 2 years, which have stabilized now. 
Our bottom line has also been hit due to rise in inflationary costs like power costs, diesel costs 
and labour costs. We are in the process of discussions with all our customers for fair 
compensation for these unprecedented increases. We are hopeful that sooner than later we should 
be able to settle all the claims and restore our bottom line to a greater extent. 
In our joint venture company, which was the worst hit, we have received some partial relief due 
to which the losses are reduced in the quarter under review. I'm happy to report that the company 
has been awarded for its superior performance from various customers. From Maruti Suzuki, we 
have been awarded for overall performance as well as manufacturing excellence. From Honda 
Motors, we were recognized for achieving their quality targets. Toyota recognized our efforts 
for building cost awareness, and systems throughout the company. We also received Best Kaizen 
Award and Gold Award in Quality Circle competition from them. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Coming to the second area of a growth, which is the commercial tool room. This commercial 
tool room develops plastic injection tools. The company established the tooling facility back in 
2008 as part of its Atmanirbhar initiative. But as part of our growth strategy, we have made this 
as a profit center and expanded the capacities. Part of this tooling facility is utilized for in-house 
demand, and part of it is utilized to manufacture and supply tools as a product. 
This year, we have an order book for 55 tools already and are discussing business on another 40 
tools on a capacity of roughly 100 tools per year. We are quite excited that this business will 
start its positive contribution to the company from this year onwards. Apart from PPAP, this 
facility will cater to customers from Tier 1 makers of automotive component industry as well as 
electric industries. 
Very strong traction in the Industrial Products segment. This year, we will start supplies for an 
export customer, which will be our first for the company. In this segment, we are focusing on 
application engineering solutions in areas of plastic extrusion, rubber extrusion as well as plastic 
injection molding. We have also set our strong foothold in the aftermarket business, the 
development and sale of spare parts and accessories business. 
This business is done in the 100% subsidiary company called Elpis components. The focus is on 
pan-India distribution with offline and online models. We have increased our product offering 
to 550 different SKUs and are planning to add more and more products over a period of time. 
Our pan-India distribution network now encompasses more than 100 distributors present across 
the country. We have also started our footprint in neighbouring countries like Nepal, Bangladesh 
and Sri Lanka. 
This year, we will be developing our strategy for exporting our products to the GCC countries. 
The business grew by more than 50% this year, and we expect the traction to continue. With the 
advent of electrification of the automotive industry, we've started developing battery pack 
solutions for our customers. This business is done in 100% subsidiary company, PPAP 
Technology Limited. 
In this business, there were certain assumptions which have not worked in our payroll. Therefore, 
the sales of this company took a hit, and there is a pressure on the bottom line. However, we 
have been able to successfully do course correction and move to segments in which we can 
flourish. 
In the quarter and year under review, the majority of loss at consolidated levels was due to this 
business. The new products for new customers are under development and approval from the 
regulatory bodies. As soon as the production of these new products begin, which is expected by 
the end of the first quarter of financial year '24, we should be able to see positive contribution 
coming through. 
Overall, for all the businesses, all the companies, in everything, we are pursuing sustainability 
goals. Our second report for the mother company is already available on the company's website. 
I request you guys to please have a look at it and let us know how we can make it even better. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
The group status of SDG goals for financial year '23 will be reported before the end of second 
quarter. Through the company's CSR activities, there is a constant focus on enriching people's 
lives in areas of environment, education and health. The group supports biodiversity parks by 
planting and sustaining native trees to improve the environmental conditions. Now let me throw 
some light on the financial performance of quarter 4 and financial year '23. 
For quarter 4 at a standalone level, the revenue increased from INR 124.8 crores to INR 127.1 
crores, indicating a nominal growth of 2% year-on-year. However, as explained earlier, the parts 
business grew by 11%, which is in line with the industry growth. 
EBITDA increased by 19% to INR 11.2 crores versus INR 9.4 crores quarter-on-quarter. 
EBITDA margin was at 8.8% in quarter 4. PAT continues to grow sequentially from INR 30 
lakhs to INR 1.2 crores, primarily due to higher utilization of assets. 
For financial year '23, on a standalone basis, the revenue grew by 20.4% to INR 492.3 crores 
from INR 409 crores a year earlier. This growth is 25%, which is in line with the industry growth. 
EBITDA increased to INR 45.6 crores versus INR 39 crores, registering a growth of 16.7%. As 
we've seen in the quarter, PAT continues to grow to INR 6.8 crores for the entire year. 
On the consolidated level, the revenue increased from INR 421 crores to INR 511 crores, 
ticketing a growth of 21%. EBITDA increased by 14% to INR 43.9 crores versus INR 38.6 
crores in financial year '22. The margins stood at 8.6%. At the PAT level, as explained to you 
earlier, there was a challenge due to tariff increase claims, still pending with the customers as 
well as the loss from the battery business. 
The company reported a PAT loss of INR 5.9 crores. During this quarter, we are expecting 
certain increases to come through, which should make our joint venture company sustainable. 
The battery business, as explained by me earlier, is expected to become sustainable in the next 
quarter. 
Overall, we anticipate financial year '24 to be a year of reckoning for the group and for all the 
companies due to multiple tailwinds in the automotive industry as well as the positive additions 
from all the new initiatives that have been started by us in the past 2 years. 
The increase in capacity utilization, coupled with the tariff revision from the customers will put 
the company on a very sound footing to grow further in the coming years. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your kind listening. We will be happy to answer any 
questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Riya Soni from Soni Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Riya Soni: 
I'd like to ask 2 questions. So firstly, the capacity utilization has... 
Moderator: 
Riya Soni, sorry to interrupt. May we request you to use the handset. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Riya Soni: 
Sorry. Yes, so basically, the capacity utilization is at 80% in Q2 FY '23. What's the peak 
utilization that economy can achieve going forward? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. About the capacity utilization. So the next year, we are looking to have the capacity 
utilization in the range of 80% to 85% on the full year basis. 
Riya Soni: 
Okay. And secondly, the short-term debt has increased from INR 19 crores to INR 55 crores in 
FY '23. So why has just debt been taken for? And also what's the current debt to equity ratio? 
Sachin Jain: 
Sorry, could you repeat the first question? 
Riya Soni: 
So the short-term debt has increased from INR19 crores to INR55 crores. What is the purpose 
for which the debt has been taken? And also can you say the debt-to-equity ratio? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. For the debt to equity ratio is 0.39 for this financial year. Regarding the increase in the 
short-term debt, it also includes the repayment that is due in the next 1 year of around INR 25 
crores. So that is part of debt. Where there is no debt has been taken, the only -- the utilization 
of the limit has increased as per the business assignment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shashank Kanodia from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir just wanted to check. So this is the best of the margins that we can do? Or is there any scope 
for improvement from here on? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Shashank, like we were explaining that we are still waiting for the tariff increases from 
customers. So as and when the tariff increases start coming in, the margins would automatically 
start improving. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, it's been 3 quarters that you have been running this commentary that you are in talks with 
OEMs, right? So we have been tracking this as well. So, I see none of the auto ancillary are at 
so much mercy at the OEM level and not witness margin improvement. So what's specialize in 
that case? Is it something like at the OEM level, we had a neglected lot. There's a lot of peers 
who are available to supply the similar kind of products? Or what exactly is the trigger -- it's the 
-- or are you comfortable with such kind of a margin trajectory? 
Abhishek Jain: 
We are not at all comfortable with such margin trajectory. We are discussing with the customers. 
It is getting us a little time because it's a very complicated process. So a lot of documentation, a 
lot of proof of actual conditions had to be shown to the customers. So most of it is done now. 
And sooner or later, all these things should be coming through now. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. So sir, what is the sustainable level of margins that you should guide us for your base 
business? 
Abhishek Jain: 
We have been saying in the past also to 13% to 15% is what we think will be sustainable for us. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. And how soon can we attain that? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
As soon as we get the tariff increases from customers, we should be able to come back to those 
same levels. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, like, tariff increase will have the compensation from the past loss as well, right, for last 3 
quarters that you've been suffering for? 
Sachin Jain: 
Most recently, some cases would be from the last financial year. And in some cases, it would be 
applicable from the 1st of April 2023. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. So sir, do we expect these talks to conclude this quarter or another quarter is what I think 
by Q2 or Q1, should we have these talks being complete? 
Abhishek Jain: 
A lot of it will be done within this quarter, and some will take some more time, maybe 1 more 
quarter. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. Second, sir, I have 1 question on the balance sheet front. So in your cash flow statement, 
you mentioned some cash release from your trade other receivables. There is none of your line 
items in current assets shows a decrease. So if your CFO can really guide from where is he 
getting a positive cash on cash flow from operations? 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Yes. So sir, in your current assets on the consol balance sheet, there is no line item which 
mentions the decrease, right? So if a current asset decrease, that is when you release some cash 
in your cash flow statement, right? Whereas if you see your cash flow statement in terms of 
working capital adjustment, the second line item, you have thrown some INR 10 crores as 
positive cash flow. So my real question is that on which side of your current assets, are you 
really using cash? 
Sachin Jain: 
You were talking about the consolidated cash flow? 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Yes. 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. As you see, in line with the increase in the trade receivable and the inventory. So the trade 
tables has also increased. And we also has some analogies from the customers for our tooling 
businesses also. So that's why there is still an increase and the positive cash flow from that side. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, my question is only on trade receivables. So, for me, in your balance sheet, it goes up from 
INR 56 crores to INR 65 crores. That is a minus INR 9 crores kind of figure, right? Whereas in 
your cash flow, you're showing plus INR 10 crores. And in a similar amount, in our opinion, 
you are overstating your operating cash flows and understating your financial cash flows because 
the debt has gone to INR 40 crores on a Y-on-Y basis, whereas your financing cash flow shows 
us INR 30-odd crores of increase or INR 20 crores of increase. 
Sachin Jain: 
I think let me check 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sure. And sir, did we hear it right that you're guiding 23% growth for the auto components 
industry next year, next fiscal year? And what is the rate at which we should be growing? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Industry is expected to grow by 7% to 9%. But our growth should be higher than that because 
we've got a lot of new business starting up this year. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay. Sir lastly, the passenger vehicle industry grew 25%, whereas the standalone business, we 
grew just 22%. So is there anything that we're missing? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Nothing. We're not missing anything. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
So we have underperformed the industry last fiscal year then? Because ASPs might be on the 
rise given that the crude was up, right? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry? 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, the ASPs were on the rise, right, given that the crude was on an uptick. So we have lost some 
market share in the passenger vehicle space then? 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, no. It's not -- we've not lost any market share in the industry. I mean the difference might be 
because of a particular model or something doing better than the other, and our share might be 
a little less in that particular business. But we have not lost any market share to competitor or 
anything like that. Nothing like that has happened. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Okay, okay. And sir, lastly, what kind of schedule are we getting for Maruti? As for this entire 
fiscal year, what is the volumes that they have targeted? . 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think Shashank, we can discuss all these things offline. 
Moderator: 
We move to our next question. Our next question is from the line of Sonu Arsana, Individual 
Investor. 
Sonu Arsana: 
Sir, my question is regarding debt levels. Our debt level has been increased since FY '20 to FY 
'23 from INR  22 crores to INR 151 crores. So this debt level increase more? Or what is your 
guideline on the debt level? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. Regarding the debt level, basically, as we mentioned, the 2 initiatives, which we have taken 
in the last 3 to 4 years. So to meet those requirements, the debt level has increased. And regarding 
-- about the long-term guidance, we'll try to maintain the debt level at the same level only. 
Sonu Arsana: 
Sir, my next question is regarding the contribution from PPAP Technology, the electric vehicle 
business. So I think all this debt goes to this business, and this business is not producing any 
positive contribution to the company. So any guideline that when will this business contribute 
positively? 
Sachin Jain: 
As already explained in the initial speech by Mr. Abhishek Jain: regarding the initiative which 
we are taking and we are hopeful by the end of this quarter, we will be seeing visibility and the 
situation will improve in this company also and would be self-sustainable. And about the debt 
is out of INR 150 crores, the total borrowing in the Ptech is INR 28 crores. Rest is related to 
PPAP. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Sonu Arsana: 
And then the remaining is from the core company, core business? 
Sachin Jain: 
PPAP is the main company. 
Sonu Arsana: 
Okay, and sir, next question is from like the -- Honda is planning to launch new SUV, Elevate. 
I think they disclosed the name as well. So anything from Honda because Honda is your second 
largest customer? So any kind of inquiry from them for this new SUV? And I think it's going to 
be premium SUV, Creta rival. So there may be very more revenue contribution per vehicle. 
Abhishek Jain: 
We're already developing parts for this vehicle. So I think next month, Honda will start the 
production for these -- this particular model. And we have seen the vehicle. It's a very promising 
model from Honda. It a first time that Honda will be exporting this product outside of the country 
back to Japan. it's a very premium product. And you are right. It is -- the market -- it will be 
marketed somewhere on the lines of Creta. 
Sonu Arsana: 
Yes. So there will be more per vehicle contribution, like maybe INR 7,000 to INR 8,000. 
Because in the case of Honda City, we are contributing almost INR 7,000 to INR 6,000, I think, 
if I am right? 
Abhishek Jain: 
General contribution to Honda is about INR 7,000 to INR 8,000. 
Sonu Arsana: 
And sir, 1 question from cash flow statement. . 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. 
Sonu Arsana: 
So cash flow from operation like our trade receivable is increased. But in the cash flow 
statement, there is an increase in cash flow, positive cash flow contribution. So this is like we 
are not able to understand how it is getting done? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, yes. For that, I will get back to you, as also answer to the previous speaker that I will get 
back to you that part. 
Sonu Arsana:  
For this you will do explanation offline? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, yes, you can mail it to our investor services and I would give a reply to you on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nehal Jain from SK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nehal Jain: 
I had 2 questions, sir. First 1 being how is our market business performing, like aftermarket 
business? Also, could you highlight some metrics for that vertical in terms of the margin? And 
currently, what is the dealer network and any new products that we have launched? 
Abhishek Jain: 
For this aftermarket business, we are doing it in the 100% owned subsidiary called Elpis 
Automotive Limited, Elpis Component Distributors Limited. Last year, in financial year '23, we 
did a sales of INR 16-odd crores and our EBITDA margin was somewhere in the range of 9%. 
We have almost 500 SKUs now under -- as part of this business. And this year, we should be 
able to grow further. And our dealers, we have around 110 dealer and distributors spread across 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
the country. So we've started this initiative only 2 years back. And in 2 years, we've been able 
to grow it to about INR 16-odd crores, and this momentum should continue further. 
The parts which you're referring to, these are basically all the spare parts. One is the spare parts 
like whatever we do in the company. Then recently, this month, we've introduced certain vipers, 
which are high-selling items. Third area, which we are doing is the interior accessories. Again, 
that is all premium accessories for the vehicle. Both are done offline and online models. 
Nehal Jain: 
Okay, sir, got it. So, second question, given that we are supplying products to almost all the new 
models, what is our content per vehicle for Maruti, Honda and Toyota. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, for Maruti, our per car contribution is somewhere between INR 2,500 to INR 3,000. For 
Honda, it goes up to INR 7,000 to INR 8,000. For Toyota, it is roughly about INR 2,000. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Khushang Mehra, Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead.  
Khushang Mehra: 
Sir, my question is with regards to our margins at consol level. So our EBITDA margin has seen 
a decline from 9.9% in Q4 last year to 6.7% in this Q4 of FY '23. So can you just explain like 
what is -- why such a steep decline here? And where do you see the EBITDA margin going 
ahead? 
Sachin Jain: 
Basically, the decline in the consolidated EBITDA margin is primarily drop in Ptech. There is a 
significant drop in Ptech sales and the EBITDA margin, so that had resulted in overall margin 
reduction under consolidated in Q4. 
Khushang Mehra: 
And what do you expect the -- what will be the sustainable margin for us? 
Sachin Jain: 
Both sustainable margins on a standalone basis, we have mentioned around 13% to 15% kind of 
margin, which we would like to have on a sustainable basis. 
Khushang Mehra: 
Okay. And similarly, on the consol level, our loss has widened now from INR 80 lakhs in FY 
'22 to around INR 6 crores in this financial year. Any specific reason for the same? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. First is about the Ptech we have mentioned. Second is the JV company where we have 
significant losses in earlier 9 months. And on Ptech, we have already reached to some discussion 
with our customers. So from the going forward, there should be a reduction in the losses on the 
consol level. And next year onwards, we'll be hopeful that we have the positive profit on the 
consol basis also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anurag Jain: from AART Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Sir, can you provide more details on the battery pack business. You mentioned that there were 
certain assumptions which went wrong and you have taken certain measures to correct that. 
Maybe can you just highlight a bit more in detail what is like that we are doing now to better our 
business? And what is your estimate for the next 4 quarters for this business? Some details on 
that would be very helpful. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. So first of all, when we started this business, our focus was primarily on 2 areas. One is the 
solar battery pack and the other was the 2-wheeler battery packs. Solar side business is still 
stable. But 2-wheeler side, the business is not working out for us because whoever customers 
we had, they are not able to produce battery vehicles as they had committed to. So they have a 
lot of inventory. 
And because of that unsold inventory, they're not buying the products from us. So that is one 
assumption, which has not worked for us. We are focusing primarily on the 2-wheeler industry. 
As part of our course correction, now we're developing -- we've identified some customers, not 
a whole lot of customers, and we are developing products for them. 
One promising customer is a 3-wheeler customer. His battery pack is under the final approval 
from this iCAT for AIS standards. Once that approval comes through, we will be starting 
supplies to them. Another thing what we've realized is that we can do a lot of application 
engineering for these kind of battery packs. So we have developed one battery pack for golf cart, 
which is under testing. 
The moment it completes its testing, we should start getting orders. We've also made battery 
packs for this -- in industry, you have automated guided vehicles for material supplies. So we've 
made battery pack for that application. We've made battery packs for the drone applications. So 
there are different, different kind of applications, which we have developed for. And whoever 
we are in touch with, all the customers look quite promising. 
Anurag Jain: 
Sure. And what kind of competition do we have? I mean, in terms of technology, is it a very 
high technology product or something like a lot of other players can also do? Just your thoughts 
on that. 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, making a battery pack is -- I mean it is something of a very upper technology item. But 
unfortunately, in India, it has become garage setup. So anybody who has 1 machine has started 
making these battery packs. For us, because we have so much of experience in the automotive 
industry, and we have that kind of an organized industry mindset. We have set up the plant in a 
completely different way, right from our incoming raw material testing to in-process, proper -- 
we are following the basic -- the good process of doing the assemblies, testing all these packs 
which you're doing and only then delivering a good product to the customer. Designing also, we 
are doing ourselves. 
In battery packs, one of the critical areas is this, the basic welding technology. So mostly people 
who have -- they have the basic technology available, but we have some different technologies 
like laser welding, wire bonding. So all these things are -- is what makes us attractive to the 
customer. And if somebody is looking for a long-term reliable, then -- supplier, then that 
company comes to us. 
Anurag Jain: 
Sure. And how do you -- I mean what can be the size of this business? And what kind of ramp-
up do you see this year? Because like you mentioned, you are still under development phase 
with a lot of customers. So I mean, what kind of numbers can you do this year? Because this 
business currently will drain on the consol level, so... 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. So, if we want to remove the drain part, our calculations show that if we do a business of 
about INR 5 crores a month, then this business will start contributing positively beyond this 
level. So that makes it about INR 60 crores a year. 
And based on current investment, what we've done, this company can do a business of about 
INR 150 crores. So even if we achieve 60% utilization in 1 year, it should be breakeven condition 
and anything beyond that will start positive contribution to the -- on the consolidated level. 
Anurag Jain: 
Sure. How much can we do this year, I mean, in terms of estimates? Just a ballpark number, 
given this stage you are with your customers under development phase? 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, this year, we are not planning to do any new capex in this -- in the Ptech company. Whatever 
we have done is done. 
Anurag Jain: 
I mean in terms of revenue, how much can you do? What is the visibility that you have on this 
business? 
Abhishek Jain: 
For all the customers that we have right now? 
Anurag Jain: 
Yes. Customers and potential customers for this year or maybe the next 6 quarters. Just trying 
to estimate how much of a drain will continue going forward from the Ptech business. 
Abhishek Jain: 
By end of this quarter, what our estimate is that we should be doing about INR 6 crores of 
revenue per month. 
Anurag Jain: 
From Q2 onwards? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, provided all these approvals and all come through. 
Anurag Jain: 
Okay. So at that stage, you will break even and there will be no losses as such on the 
consolidated? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lavanya Tomar, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Lavanya Tomar: 
Yes. So my first question is that in the presentation, you mentioned that the EBITDA declined 
by 7.5% due to high employee cost owing to increase in manpower as part of ongoing 
reorganization activity. And in the last quarter presentation also, these were the same lines. So 
that mean from last half year, this reorganization thing is happening. So can you just explain 
what are these reorganization activity that you've been talking about, how is it of help to us, to 
our company? How long is this reorganization going to last further? And are we going to read 
these same lines in the next quarter's presentation as well? 
Additionally, last time, you had high employee costs, which you had also attributed to giving 
gifts to employees on the festive season. So now as you mentioned that the man power will 
increase, so do we expect even more employee costs going further because just a quarter ahead 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
festive season is going to come again. And like are these employee costs going to last like as 
you have seen in the current and past quarter? That is my first question. 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes. As far as the employee cost is concerned and reorganizing around manpower, it is basically 
about the new businesses and new locations which we have and further, the new model coming 
up, so according to that, we have to realign our requirements based on the project management 
side, or the shop floor side, or the -- to train our manpower, to keep the manpower in pipeline 
for the further requirement of the company. So that is a continuing activity. 
And every quarter and every 6 months as per the business requirement, we need to do that. It is 
not the -- we are not living in the static environment, and the things are moving every day. So 
we have to respond according to that, and we are doing that way. 
But further, about the employee cost, it is reviewed very critically. And based on the business 
requirement only, the manpower -- and we also keep in mind the market situation and to 
compensate our employees in line with the market requirement to retain the skilled manpower 
to meet the customer requirements. So this is we are doing, and about the line it would -- the 
communications from the management side, what was the major implication on the result so that 
we are giving -- in the next quarter also, if the same thing would be there, then we will definitely 
communicate in that way only. 
Lavanya Tomar: 
Okay. And my second question is that in the last quarter's corporate presentation, you had 
mentioned that the fall in your margin was due to high raw material costs. However, costs have 
come down in the quarter gone by, and how will -- this is not reflected in our gross margins in 
this quarter? I mean it's almost the same, just an increase of 1-odd percent. So is it because of 
high cost of inventory that we have utilized in this quarter? Like what is it? Because if we see, 
our inventory days are hardly 70 to 80 days. So is it like that it was just because in this quarter, 
we were utilizing the goods which we are purchasing during high price time so that we are 
expecting our cost of goods sold to go down further or how is it going to be? 
Abhishek Jain: 
If you compare with the last quarter, the gross margin has improved by 2% on the material front 
side. So there are -- both things is there. One is the utilization of the inventory, which we have 
purchased in the previous quarter. So that is there, and a little bit in the pulling of the raw material 
prices that has resulted in the reduction in raw material cost this quarter. 
Lavanya Tomar: 
No, sir, but like I want to understand that if you see the results of auto industry like all across, 
i.e. the manufacturers have posted bumper results, there has been increase in margin, increase in 
profit, and I'm sure all of us were also expecting our company to do very well. But these kind of 
margins, which our company is posting, I think, we have only seen these kind of margins in 
2012, '13 period. 
Otherwise, we have not seen these kind of margins. So like it is obvious to see that the jump in 
profitability and margins of these companies is coming at the cost of our margins, like the 
margins of the suppliers. So like, I want to know that what is the scenario among the suppliers. 
Like is it a very competitive business? Is it a kind of rivalry scenario where we have come down 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
to cost cutting, and we are just trying to sell our products at such low margin? Is this situation 
going to prevail further? What is happening? 
Because we are barely able to breakeven at overall level, like it has become a challenge for us 
to break even at consolidated level. And even at standalone level, our performance has been very 
subpar considering the overall industry. So can you give some guidance upon this? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, at standalone basis, I think, we've already mentioned this many times, the only problem is 
that we need to get these price increases done from the customer. Unfortunately, it's taking much 
more time than what we had expected. We expected all this to finish earlier. But hopefully, by 
this quarter, most of it should come in place. 
At consolidated level, the problem is different. It's not related to the industry. It's related to only 
1 of the lithium-ion battery business, which we started, which has not done well. And the second 
is consolidated, is basically from the joint venture point of view. 
Again, the joint venture loss is primarily because of the prices not being revised by the customer. 
So some of it has already been done. Some of it will be done in this quarter. So things should 
start getting better. 
Even we realize that standalone basis margins, where we were at before COVID levels, they 
have taken a hit. But our internal direction is that we should be -- that this year, we will make 
all our efforts to come back to the maximum possible extent to those levels of operations which 
was there -- before COVID hit us. 
Lavanya Tomar: 
Okay. And with regard to manufacturing, I wanted to understand, which is that particular raw 
material on which our life depends? Like I read it to be crude, but like what is the major raw 
material which goes into our production? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So these are called plastic materials, thermoplastic. In the standalone company, primarily, it is 
PVC and thermoplastics called TPOs. In the joint venture company, primary material is EPDM 
rubber, so... 
And then in both the companies in stand-alone also, in JV company also, we use various type of 
steels as well, stainless steel and CRC steel both. 
Lavanya Tomar: 
Okay, sir. And like how are these prices of thermoplastics been like since past year, have they 
come down reasonably or like what is the situation in the market? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Last 2 years, all these prices have gone up by almost 25% to 30%. But now from 1st April 
onwards, we are seeing the indexes coming down. So hopefully, all these prices will become 
stable or become better now. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, that was the last question of our question-and-answer session. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain: for closing comments. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Zico, I thank everyone for taking time out of their busy schedules to attend the 
conference call today. I think you guys have a lot of questions still remain unanswered. You can 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
get in touch with us any time and through our e-mail and we will be more than happy to answer 
all these questions to you. 
I thank SGA Advisors for organizing this call. Thank you, everyone, for attending today. Thank 
you. 
Sachin Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
