 
 
 
 
 
 
19th May, 2023 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
       
       Corporate Relationship Department  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
                1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
     
     PJ Towers, Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
 
    
    Fort, Mumbai - 400 001  
Fax: 022-26598237/38  
 
 
 
    
 
 Fax: 022-22723121/1278 
 
Company Code: PVRINOX/532689 
 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
This is with reference to and in continuation to our letter dated 12th May, 2023 and 16th May, 
2023 pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. We wish to inform you that the officials of the Company 
have participated in the conference call for analysts and investors meet held on Tuesday, May 
16, 2023 for post announcement of Financial Results for the 4th Quarter and year ended 
31st March, 2023. 
 
Please find enclosed the copy of transcript in this regard. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PVR INOX Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mukesh Kumar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SVP - Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer 
MUKESH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by MUKESH 
KUMAR 
Date: 2023.05.19 
14:58:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“PVR-INOX Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Results Conference Call” 
May 16, 2023 
  
  
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BIJLI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PVR-
INOX LIMITED 
MR. NITIN SOOD – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– PVR-INOX LIMITED 
MR. ALOK TANDON, CO- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
CENTRAL, WEST AND EAST– PVR-INOX LIMITED 
MR. GAUTAM DUTTA, CO- CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, NORTH AND SOUTH – PVR-INOX LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the PVR-INOX Limited Q4 FY '23 Results 
Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you, Aman, and good afternoon, friends. Welcome to PVR-INOX Limited Q4 and FY 
'23 Post-Results Earnings Conference call. The call, as usual, will be initiated with a brief 
management discussion on the earnings performance, followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
Management team will be represented by Mr. Ajay Bijli, Managing Director, PVR-INOX 
Limited; Mr. Nitin Sood, Group CFO, PVR-INOX Limited; Mr. Alok Tandon, Co-CEO, Central 
West and East; and Mr. Gautam Dutta, Co-CEO, North and South, apart from the other senior 
management team. 
I'll hand it over to Mr. Bijli for his initial comments, post which we'll open the forum for Q&A. 
Over to you, sir. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to welcome you all to the first earnings call of 
PVR-INOX to discuss the audited results for the quarter and 12 months ended March 31, 2023. 
As the appointed date for PVR-INOX merger was 1st January 2023, Q4 FY '23 results for the 
company are reported on a merged basis of PVR and INOX and not comparable with Q4 of 
FY'22 reported results.  
Similarly, FY '23 full year reported results are based on 9 months numbers of PVR and fourth 
quarter numbers of PVR and INOX combined. Therefore, FY '23 reported results are also not 
comparable with FY '22 reported results. I hope you've had the opportunity to review our 
presentation and results which were uploaded last evening on our company's website as well as 
the stock exchange's website. 
The following numbers are after adjusting for the impact of IndAS 116 relating to lease 
accounting. For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, total revenue was INR1,165 crores, EBITDA 
was INR27 crores and PAT loss was INR286 crores. This is after onetime exceptional write-offs 
of some cinema assets to the tune of INR21 crores and merger-related expenses of INR5.5 crores 
in total amounting to INR26 crores. In addition to the above, company has taken a onetime 
accounting write-off on account of restatement of deferred tax assets amounting to INR134 
crores on account of transition to the new tax regime effective FY '23. 
For the 12-month period ended March 31, 2023, total revenue was INR3,819 crores. EBITDA 
was INR389 crores and PAT loss was INR243 crores. However, if you were to look at pro forma 
financials of both PVR and Inox for full 12 months for the period of 1st April '22 to 31st March 
'23, then combined revenues for the year were INR5,311 crores, and EBITDA was INR609 
crores. PVR-INOX welcomed 30.5 million guests across the cinemas in Q4 FY '23 and 140 
million guests during the full financial year 2022-23. Although Q4 started off on a high note 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 3 of 19 
 
with a blockbuster success of Pathaan in January and the sustained strong performance of 
Avatar: Way of Water, which was released in December '22, the Feb '23 and March '23 
admissions were dismal due to lacklustre performance from other Hindi films. 
While movies like Tu Jhoothi Main Makkaar and Bholaa from Bollywood garnered average box 
office collections, Selfie and Shehzada failed to make any impact. From Hollywood, John Wick: 
Chapter 4, Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantomania, Shazam 2 and Creed III delivered decent 
performances at the box office. Regional films, however, continued their strong performance 
with movies like Varisu in Tamil, Waltair Veerayya and Thunivu in Telugu and Ved in Marathi, 
all registering impressive box office collections. 
FY '23 has been a period of strong recovery for us despite the marked underperformance and 
volatility of Hindi movies and significantly low releases from Hollywood last year. Revenue 
from exhibition business witnessed strong growth driven by exceptional performance of regional 
cinema, an increase in ticket prices and a substantial increase in consumption, spending of F&B 
by our patrons. While there has been a decent amount of volatility at box office over the last few 
months, we are quite positive, that this will settle down over the next 2, 3 quarters. 
As we look ahead to FY '24, we're optimistic about the robust content line up across all 
languages. Over the next few months, we have several big Bollywood movies lined up for release 
like Maidaan, Adipurush, and Satyaprem Ki Katha in June; Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani 
starring Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt in July; Dream Girl 2 starring Ayushmann Khurrana and 
Animal starring Ranbir Kapoor in August; Jawan starring Shah Rukh Khan and Yodha starring 
Sidharth Malhotra in September; Tiger 3 starring Salman Khan in November, etc. 
From Hollywood, we have Fast X in May; Transformers: Rise of the Beasts, The Flash and 
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny in June; Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One 
and Oppenheimer in July amongst others. From the regional genre, we have Carry on Jatta in 
June, Maaveeran in July, Jailer starring Rajinikanth and Bhola Shankar starring Chiranjeevi in 
August, Viduthalai Part 2 starring Vijay Sethupathi and Salaar starring Prabhas in September 
'23 amongst others. 
On the screen openings, PVR-INOX added 79 screens in Q4 FY '23, taking the total tally of the 
new screen additions in FY '23 to 168 screens for combined PVR-INOX circuit. In FY '24, the 
company intends to open another 150 to 175 screens. Of these screens, 9 screens have opened 
till date, 15 are awaiting license for commercial openings and 152 screens are currently under 
various stages of fit-out. The company as a strategy has also realigned all upcoming handovers 
of new sites fit-outs to next calendar year till the time there is strong recovery in the box office. 
We've also taken a decision to shut down about 50 screens over the next 6 months across the 
country. Most of these screens have been underperforming, loss-making screens, which are 
housed in malls which have to come to the end of their life cycle with little hope of revival. The 
decision to shut down these underperforming screens is in line with the company's strategy to 
focus on profitable growth and improve unit level economics. Our screen portfolio, including 
the 38 management screens, stands at 1,689 teams across 361 cinemas in 115 cities in India and 
Sri Lanka. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Now I'd like to open the platform for any Q&A. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the interview, which you just gave. You have said that in FY '24, you'd 
expect a revenue of around INR6,000 crores to INR7,000 crores, which is a marked increase 
versus FY '23. And now we have seen almost 3, 4 months of lull, February-March was in FY 
'23, and even April-May, Hindi has been quite challenging. So what are the assumptions you 
have taken for this? Have you taken a very big revival for Hindi movies from June itself for this 
number? 
Ajay Bijli: 
April, definitely was not as per our expectation, but May has surprised us with Kerala Story has 
done well, Guardians of the Galaxy has done well in our circuits. Now we've got Fast and the 
Furious coming. So May is looking better than what we had anticipated. And even June, we've 
got some big moves like Adipurush. We've got Flash and Maidaan. So I think on the back of 
these movies, we are optimistic about at least the last 2 months of this quarter. April, of course, 
has been slow, but then July picks up again with a lot of big movies coming, especially for our 
circuit. 
We've got -- in fact, in June, we've also got Indiana Jones. And in July, we've got the big Mission: 
Impossible, which releases like an Indian film; Oppenheimer, which is next Christopher Nolan's 
movie, Rocky Aur Rani, the next Karan Johar movie. So I think it's basically on the confidence 
of the line up, which is there. Of course, Jawan has also got shifted to the second quarter now, 
which is going to be a very big movie. Animal of Ranbir Kapoor is in the second quarter. 
So the numbers that I spoke about in the morning is based on the movie line up because that is 
what gives us the confidence and, of course, also the rollout of the screens that we are doing. 
We have some very iconic destination cinemas opening up this year as well. And so it's on the 
back of that rollout. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is a bit linked to the first one. So you are rightfully focusing on the 
profitable growth. Now I see that earlier your vision was to see an expansion of 200 screens on 
an annual basis, which has been now changed slightly to 150 to 175. But we also expect a 
recovery. So when I see your expectation of recovery and say cutting down on the number of 
expansion, I wanted to understand 2 things here.  
One, the cities that you are vacating, for example, some of the smaller cities like Bharuch, et 
cetera, you plan to exit, what would be the plan for entering that? And second, you're downsizing 
your expansion plan when you expect a recovery. So if recovery happens, then what will be the 
recalibration in terms of the faster expansion versus your initial plan of, say, 200 screens? 
Ajay Bijli: 
You know net-net, it is still 150 and 175 because we are closing down like we've already 
announced about 50-odd screens we've closed down. We are closing in the next 6 months 
because these are -- PVR is 25 years old, INOX is 20 years old. So we have certain properties, 
which have had their time in the sun and leases have come to an end, the malls have become less 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 5 of 19 
 
attractive than they were earlier, some of them even closed down. So net-net, that's what the 
number is looking like. 
And I think profitable growth is the need of the hour just now. And we've just become very strict 
about our criteria of where we should be spending our capital. And also, the mall -- there are a 
lot of things in the mall…there is a checklist. The mall has to be fully tenanted; it has to have 
the right number of tenants. Everything has to be correct, only then we'll start investing our 
capital. 
Even 150 to 175 screens is not a small number to grow profitably with. But I think we have to 
also be conscious of the fact that we've come, only 14 months have happened since pandemic. 
And we just need to be more -- we need to be careful about how we grow. Every unit level, the 
economics must work and only then the numbers will look better. So we have been cautious of 
how -- where we invest our money and what kind of return we'll be getting. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So on the pending question of, say, your view on the smaller cities like Satna and now the 
Bharuch kind of cities, is it a dimmer view for smaller cities? Or do you have an expansion plan 
in the next few quarters to enter again such cities? 
Ajay Bijli: 
No, no. We're getting into every city. Sorry, you can finish your question. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Just one clarification on the gross versus net. So your gross openings are 150 to 175, so net will 
be 50 screens lower, right? So net will be 100 to 125 in FY '24. Is that right? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. That's correct. 
Abneesh Roy: 
If you could answer the first part. 
Nitin Sood: 
The question that you asked about, are we not opening in smaller cities. No, that's not correct. 
We are opening a lot of properties in smaller market. I think our focus is on locations like some 
of these markets where we've seen better quality shopping centres and malls have come up. 
We've updated or have better cinemas now in modern day shopping centres. I'll take an example. 
Suppose we are shutting down a cinema in Lucknow, we've opened in a brand-new shopping 
centre with Phoenix in Lucknow and PVR is there in LuLu Mall, Lucknow.  
Now these are 2 brand-new shopping centres, which have eclipsed the rest of the smaller formats, 
which exist in that market. And hence, the decision to shut down, say, a property, which has 
become outdated and is no longer viable to run and operate in that market. 
Abneesh Roy: 
No, I got the Lucknow LuLu Mall, that's a brilliant new large mall. My question was to 
summarize, would you be present in all the cities wherever, say, exit is happening currently in 
the next 6 months. In terms of those 50 screens, a lot of those are in smaller cities also. So do 
you have a full plan of re-entering such cities or currently some cities you will come at a later 
stage, not in the near term? That was my question. 
Nitin Sood: 
See, a lot of these we'll already be present in a better shopping mall or some new shopping mall, 
for example, would be coming up. You took an example of Bharuch. That's a market which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 6 of 19 
 
hasn't done too well. And we are aware of new shopping malls at that we have signed up, which 
will be coming up in the near future. And we would be migrating to better quality shopping 
centres in most of the cities. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Yes, just bear in -- I'm just looking at where we have Rourkela coming up, Kochi is there, Pune 
is there. There's so many smaller cities as well. There is no -- wherever there is going to be 
consumption of movies, PVR wants to be present over there at a different price point. But the 
opportunity has to be correct. It has to be the right location, right mall. All the ducks have to be 
in a row, only then.  
But there's no -- you can't make one sweeping statement that we're not going to be in small cities 
or we're only going to -- nothing like that. We're going to be in all sorts of cities wherever there 
is a potential for a PVR-INOX to be there. And it's just that these particular properties where we 
have closed or we are not investing, obviously, that's not meeting our threshold criteria. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Got it. One quick question. When I see your comparison on Y-o-Y for Q4 versus the pro 
forma, ATP has grown 3% and SPH has grown 13%. So that sharp increase in SPH, is it mostly 
because of the inflation which you have seen in food. So that is the main reason? Or is it a mix 
improvement because of newer and better menu? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Actually, it's 50-50. 50% is clearly attributable to value increase and 50% is on volume. We have 
introduced many products, better products, and we've also come up with a range where 
consumers are encouraged to buy products and consume at home, like the kernels of the popcorn 
or the microwave popcorn. These are all low price items, which are being sold at the cinema. It 
helps us increase our SPH, at the same point in time does not eat into the consumption pattern 
of the consumer at the cinema. So that's what we are working on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal Asset Management. 
Atul Mehra: 
This is with reference to Slide 23, where we have put out pro forma numbers pre-COVID and 
now. So one of the observations is that while, say, total revenue was more or less similar, 
profitability has declined quite materially versus pre-COVID, 11.5% margins versus 18% 
margins. And despite COVID being a time, which has taught most businesses to be -- well, a lot 
of businesses have invented ways of saving costs. So as we look forward in the next year and 
like you said about INR6,000 to INR7,000 crores of revenue expectation, how do we think about 
profitability? When do we hit the 18% number that we did pre-COVID? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think if you look at the numbers, it's largely down because of the operating leverage in the 
business. Like this year has been a tough year for the business. If footfalls are down, it has a 
direct impact on the profitability of the business. We did about -- PVR-INOX combined did 168 
million footfalls in FY '19-20.  
As compared to that, we've done only 140 million footfall. So that is the reason for the decline 
in profitability. And this year comparing costs of 3 years ago, so while most of our costs are 
down, whatever is controllable, rental cost after a 2-year holiday that we got and the tax break 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 7 of 19 
 
that we got from our landlords are back to their original contracts, which is obviously reflected 
in the profitability. 
Our hope is that this year will be a strong revival in box office performance of both Hindi films 
and Hollywood films as well, which have underperformed last year, and admissions and 
profitability should improve significantly. Difficult to say what the exact number would look 
like. But like Mr. Bijli spoke at the beginning of the call, we are expecting much better content, 
starting May-June onwards. And Q2, Q3 are looking quite good on paper based on the content 
flow we have. And we should do a revenue of anywhere between INR6,000 to INR7,000 crores 
depending up where the box office settles. And we are hoping to get back to pre-COVID level 
margins of 18% to 20%. 
Atul Mehra: 
Got it. Got it. And secondly, just in terms of the vagaries of the box office and the content, which 
you have no control over. So in the medium to long term, obviously, we have other competing 
media like OTT and so on a so forth. So in the medium to long term, how do we -- like will we 
always be at the fate of how a producer or director manufactures content? Or is there anything 
now that we are a much larger entity, the 2 companies coming together? Is there anything we 
can do on the content side, which is more innovative than which perhaps has never been done 
before? 
Ajay Bijli: 
Actually, there is no shying away and being embarrassed of -- there's nothing to be embarrassed 
about. This business is about cinemas since time immemorial, has been about movies. And in a 
country like India where 1,800 - 1,900 films get produced and released every year, how can that 
be a disadvantage. That is an advantage because if one movie doesn't do well, there are other 
movies that take their place and compensate for that one movie if it doesn't do well. It's just that 
last year has been very volatile, but we don't see this to continue. 
So I think depending upon movies is our business, and that is something that we are very 
confident about that people -- the supply of movies and the quality of the movies connecting 
with the audience will happen, and it's already happening. And on the other side, on the demand 
side, consumers will continue to go out and entertain themselves. And they -- the number 1 form 
of entertainment still out of home is cinema. So I think we're in a market where both the supply 
side and the demand side is very strong. And its just an aberration that we've had of post-COVID 
syndrome of about 12 to 14 months, which is going to correct itself, there's no question about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Taurani from Elara Capital. 
Karan Taurani: 
My question is around the profitability aspect again. So if you look at the box office revenue, I 
don't know if it's correct or wrong, but we tried to compare this to a quarter of Q1 FY '18 had in 
the form of Bahubali. If you look at the collection numbers of Bahubali, we have more mirror 
of Pathaan wherein one single film has done well for multiple weeks, and the other films have 
not done well. As you've probably got one more film which has done INR100 crores, which is 
Tu Jhoothi and at that time we had Tubelight. 
In terms of the margins, that time around 18.5% EBITDA margin for the merged company, today 
which has come to almost about 2.3% excluding IndAS. So what is the gap here clearly because 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 8 of 19 
 
if you look at the Hindi box office revenue also, it's around INR800 crores for that particular 
quarter in terms of net box office. So what is this big gap here because the number doesn't seem 
to be very dismal as far as the Hindi box office is concerned. I know for a fact that advertisement 
revenue is down very sharply. So that has an impact. But is the delta that big that your margins 
can move from 18% to 2%? 
Nitin Sood: 
So Karan, I think if you look at the pro forma number, you are comparing box office revenues 
of 3 years ago versus now. Part of it is driven by ticket pricing growth, but the jump is in the 
cost front. So we were paying ‘x’ rentals 3 years ago. We got rebates in rental and cam costs. 
Costs have moved up with inflation. So if you look at a lot of our fixed costs, which are external 
based, they have moved up after a 2-year holiday that we – break that we got from our landlords, 
as a result of which those are costs are up. 
Second big impact area for our business is advertising revenue still significantly below pre-
pandemic level. And these two are, I think, the key two items which go directly to the bottom 
line. So while price realization and SPH growth has kicked in and they have helped us to get to 
the top line number, advertising revenue shortfall and the rent and cam increases across locations 
over a 3-year period has been the biggest reason why our operating margins are lower. 
Karan Taurani: 
Right. But then there's also SPH and ATP, we've seen a big delta versus that time. I got the point. 
I mean, advertisement is a big lever here. Now to the second question. How does one foresee ad 
revenues because ad revenue was very -- lot of premium pricing happened in the Hindi circuit 
only as far as advertising is concerned. So what is the kind of acceptance? What is the kind of 
growth that we are seeing in non Hindi circuits as far as ad revenue is concerned? So tomorrow 
in the next 6 months if Hindi content remains to be this way in terms of overall performance, 
and maybe small and medium budget films don't come back, do we see a scenario where the 
regional content is good enough to pull back this ad to pre-COVID levels? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So clearly, this year, we are aiming to get closer to the pre-COVID number. That's the big one, 
the big target. But having said that, advertising revenues do need some big tent poles films. We 
saw a spike in advertising revenue whenever a big film releases, even in case of Pathaan. The 
brand manager's confidence is coming back at the cinema very, very strongly. We hope that by 
quarter 2 and more by the beginning of the festive quarter, which is the quarter 3, we will be 
able to get to very, very strong numbers on advertising. 
So some pathbreaking work is being done at the ground level to introduce and get these 
advertisers back to cinema. And we are very hopeful that within the next quarter, we should be 
able to get back on track, very strong. And this merger with INOX has really helped to accelerate 
and seal the gap in a big way because now the undercutting, all of that is gone. There is a certain 
synergy in terms of rate card, the way we are selling all of that. So that really helped us as we 
move forward to bridge this gap. 
Karan Taurani: 
Very helpful. Just one bit on this. Obviously, ad revenue is going to be one lever. But what about 
cost realignment? What are the key levers that you're seeing around cost heads, which can 
actually reduce over a period of time? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Alok Tandon: 
Well, let me tell you that where costs are concerned, after the merger, we are going through 
every line item with a fine toothcomb. Whether it is the repair and maintenance costs, whether 
it is the COGS where food is concerned, whether it is heat / light / power, that how we can work 
together to reduce the units, yes, we cannot do anything much about the rate of power, but how 
to control the units. So let me tell you that each and every line item of P&L is being looked at. 
And yes, we are getting a lot of benefit from the economies of scale. And I think that by the end 
of the next couple of months, you will see a drastic reduction in all our cost heads. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
My first question is related to Slide 19. If I look at 4Q FY '23 versus 4Q FY '22, proforma 
numbers for PVR and INOX, there's a 20% increase in admits, 6% increase in seats, but 
occupancy seems to have dropped by 290 basis points. So I'm just trying to understand how can 
occupancy declined Y-o-Y when admits have gone up 20% and seats have increased by 6%? 
Nitin Sood: 
Jay, the main reason for that is in Q4, we were still operating at 50% capacity in a lot of markets. 
So when you calculate occupancy, the occupancy in Q4 FY '22 was still being calculated on half 
the capacity. So that is the reason in some markets there was a difference. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Okay. And I think associated question is on cost. On a Y-o-Y basis, rent is up 40%, personnel 
costs are up 49% and electricity utility is up 41%. Is this also because the base quarter had -- did 
not have costs pertaining to? 
Nitin Sood: 
That's correct. We had a lot of rebates from our landlords, which finished on 31st of March FY 
'22. So we had a lot of discounts and rebates, which were continuing till Q4 of FY '22. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Understood. So 4Q FY '23 is more or less a normalized cost structure and you will start realizing 
synergy savings during the course of this year from these levels? 
Nitin Sood: 
Correct. That's correct. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Finally, can you give some colour on the other operating income that comprises of your ticketing 
contracts with BookMyShow and I think Paytm. I'm not sure if that is still on. And the virtual 
print fee related revenue. So what's your outlook from a 2- to 3-year perspective on these 2 
revenue streams? 
Nitin Sood: 
So we have long-term partnerships with all of our online aggregator, so these partnerships will 
continue. Some of that will come up for renewal during this year. We are in advanced stage of 
discussions and all these partnerships will continue. And we'll continue to work with our 
aggregator partners and same for virtual print fee as well over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
So there is no sunset clause associated with VPF, right? VPF continues? 
Nitin Sood: 
No, there is currently no sunset clause on VPF. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
I have a bookkeeping question on the balance sheet side. So despite INOX being net debt free, 
I think the combined entity's net debt position has gone up by about INR250-odd crores on a 
sequential basis. So does it mean that  new screen openings that we have done in 4Q, have been 
funded by debt? And if yes, what is the sustainable debt level from here on? 
Nitin Sood: 
So between INOX and PVR, we've added a lot of screens this year, including the acquisition of 
one of the cinema properties in Chennai called Jazz. If you include that, the overall capex of 
both PVR and INOX put together this year has been INR300 crores approximately. And yes, the 
incremental debt is largely gone to fund the capex as the earnings have been slightly short. Yes, 
our net debt levels have gone up from 31st March, but largely the incremental debt has gone to 
fund the growth. We think this year as the earnings move up, our debt levels will get better and 
by the end of this year, our net debt levels should look lower than what we've ended at this year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
So basically, our screen opening guidance of 150 to 175, that we have …(inaudible). Primarily 
that will be funded by internal approvals and not debt. Is that... 
Nitin Sood: 
That's correct, that's correct. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
And secondly, if you can just share what was the revenue and EBITDA loss from the 50 screens 
that we intend to shut down? And rather than closing these screens down, perhaps we could have 
entered into a variable rent model and brought down the fixed cost to be paid. And if despite 
evaluating that option, we have taken this decision to close down, I mean I was just thinking 
whether this is an indication of any change in consumption pattern or a routine decision. I 
thought of asking you this question because even some time back we had close of few screens 
and such instances have not happened quite frequently pre-COVID. So just wanted your 
thoughts on that. 
Alok Tandon: 
I could’nt get the second part of your question, your voice was quite muffled. But answering 
your first question, if I heard it right, was what was the EBITDA impact by closing those 50 
screens. So that will be a saving of INR10 crores. So that's the EBITDA impact we'll have by 
closing down those 50 screens. And if you could just repeat the second part, what you said, 
please? 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. So what I was asking is that rather than closing these screens down, we could have perhaps 
entered into some kind of a variable rental model and brought down our fixed costs. And if 
despite evaluating that option, we have taken this decision to shut these screens, is this a routine 
business decision or any kind of change in consumption pattern that you are evaluating? Because 
pre-COVID, shutdowns were not as frequent as we have witnessed currently? 
Alok Tandon: 
So I think Mr. Bijli answered that question that most of these have lived their end of life, they 
have reached their end of the life cycle. We feel that even if we put in more money in these 
properties, there will be hardly any return. So why put good money after the bad. That's number 
one.  
Number two, the consumption habits have not changed at all. The Indian audience is still the 
same. They still go to movies for great experience and it's all quantity of content which brings 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 11 of 19 
 
in people. So the consumption habits have just remained where they are. When you talked about 
speaking with various operators for revenue share, yes, we are in talks with various operators 
for revenue share and a few of our properties also are on 100% revenue share basis, if that 
answers your question. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Just one small clarification. Out of this 50 screens that we intend to shut down, do any of them 
belong to metro or Tier 1 market? 
Alok Tandon: 
Well, it's a mixture of all, Tier 1, and Tier 2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
I had a first question on your -- I understand like a couple of quarters back, we had done a survey 
to understand consumer behaviour post-COVID in terms of the experience, the liking in different 
customer segments, who's coming to the cinema hall, what kind of products they like, multiple 
things like that. So if you could just share your insights from that survey, what were the readings, 
what were the learnings that we got out of that survey? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So while a lot of little points came in, but I can just sum up to say that one thing that stood apart 
was the fact that every consumer unanimously said that the cinema experience is differentiated. 
And once they feel that the content is up to their liking, they would all want to come to the 
cinemas. So in one voice, when we asked them, when the researcher asked them saying what 
you think of a cinema experience, they said it's fantastic. Today, we only watch a plot. 
In fact, this was very interesting. He says, we get to see the plot, but we never enjoy the content, 
we never enjoy the story, the film because we're always consuming it on a small screen. They 
were very well aware. But however, they said, I am checking with my friends, I am possibly 
wanting to do my research because the biggest asset that I am kind of investing when I'm coming 
to the cinema is my time. So I just want to be 100% sure of the content that it's worth. That's 
number one. 
Number two, they spoke about this entire experience of going to a cinema. They said it's no 
longer just about watching a film. They credited companies like PVR, INOX and others to say 
that they have invested a lot in experience. And today, it's no longer just about going out and 
watching a film. It's about eating the right food, sitting on a recliner, and enjoying the entire 
ambience and the way cinema is. In fact, it was a very pleasant surprise to see that this was our 
door to fantasy. When we enter the cinema, we tend to forget everything. 
The fact that they could switch off their mobile phones and be completely ground in that 
experience is something that they really look forward to. So from that perspective, I think very 
strong positive signals, all waiting, trying out and saying that I just need to get back. And also 
at that point in time because they were coming out of COVID, I guess whole visiting with friends 
and parties was up on the rise. And everybody felt that soon that would kind of subside and very 
soon, we will all begin to go back to the cinema the way we used to. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 12 of 19 
 
But at that point in time, they felt a bit wanting to meet up with friends and party and do a face-
to-face bonding. But I guess everything has a kind of a life cycle. And that's the reason we feel 
that with the right content now coming in, big tentpole films coming in, PVR and INOX 
investing a lot in experiential cinema, we believe that we are just a few months away from getting 
the consumer back. And we ourselves are also working very hard to sort of convince and work 
on the consumer to remind them of the great experience they've at the cinemas. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
This is very useful and quite detailed. Just one thing is any insight we've got to understand what 
is leading to lower occupancy. I'm just saying this from the point that if you see the average 
IMDB ratings, they would have probably remained the same, typically for the 25 movies in '18, 
'19 versus even now. So any insight you've got in terms of what type of -- particularly are they 
looking for or anything that could help us understand the content that will work on... 
Gautam Dutta: 
As I said, they kept talking about content and then about saying that is this a content, which 
possibly deserves the big screen. Even films like they felt horror. They said a certain genre like 
even films like Drishyam did well simply because it needed that attention for the movie watcher 
to enjoy that content. They said that in their mind they were kind of segregating that. And the 
second piece that came in very strongly is, when I want to bond with my friends, when I want 
to bond with my family, cinema is the place to go because I get a holistic 360 entertainment. But 
when I'm on the move, when I'm alone on the flight, when I'm traveling, I may end up consuming 
a plot as they kept saying, not a story, not content, a plot on my small phone or on the iPad. 
So I think what was very positive to know was that they knew exactly what they were doing 
with every film. In fact, a lot of people said that while I was watching a film, I felt that it deserved 
a cinema viewing and I either stop midway or I regretted of watching the plot on my phone. So 
these are very positive signals. Yes, it takes time because they have been -- they were out of the 
cinema for nearly about 18- to 20-odd months, so it could take time. But we are very certain 
with the way some of the big tentpoles films are performing. We are just about a few titles away 
from getting the consumer back very, very strongly. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. Last one question is on the operating metrics. So if assume that occupancies remain post-
COVID at the mid-25 levels approximately or even if we see improvement but at this level, what 
are the other levers we have? I'm just asking this from the point of view that many of the global 
developed markets, occupancies are low, but maybe they understand that price -- I mean, cinema 
is price inelastic, so you could charge way higher and if pricing is used as a tool. Are there any 
other tools like in terms of your cost structure, whether your exhibition cost, rental, any other 
costs where you feel that we have another way to basically have higher store -- screen economics, 
if even occupancies are at these or slightly higher levels? 
Nitin Sood: 
So the biggest difference in India versus globally is that we have high occupancies, but very low 
ticket prices in comparison to what exists all over the world, and those compensate for each 
other. And the other -- on the cost front, I think all our costs are very, very manageable, and we 
kept them at really low levels when you compare to global benchmarks, except for the rental 
and occupancy costs, which is quite high in a country like India.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 13 of 19 
 
That's true for the entire retail industry. And hypothetically, if the occupancies were not to 
improve in the long run, then I think the company's focus will have to shift to bring down and 
reset all the cost structures of the business. And the biggest cost structure of the business would 
be your rental and occupancy costs. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. Do you think pricing can be used as a tool? 
Gautam Dutta: 
To a certain extent, it can be, and that's the mandate we have for this year. We will work on -- 
we are working with sophisticated tools to see wherever there is elasticity in pricing that we 
should be able to charge more. However, given that this is India and given the fact that this is 
the most popular form of entertainment, our focus is always to get the extra footfall. Our focus 
is always to entertain more people, get more people within the cinema rather than getting lesser 
people at higher ticket price. That's not the idea. But at the same point in time, we don't want to 
leave any money on the table. Whatever is the right pricing for the right consumer for the right 
experience will be charged and that's what we are working on. 
Alok Tandon: 
And just to continue, the other thing, just continuing that we want to make our cinemas much 
more experiential. So whether you have 4DX, MX4D, whether you have a Playhouse, Kiddles, 
whether you have Club Seating, ICE, ScreenX, whatever it is, we want people to come to our 
cinemas and see a particular movie in more than one format. And that's something which we are 
working on. And that's yielded a lot of results. So pricing is one side. 
The other side is how do we make our customers come to our cinemas and enjoy a great 
experience, whether it's crystal clear sound, absolutely clear picture, having laser projection in 
our systems -- in all our screens, so that's something where we want people to come in, have a 
great time, spend a lot on where INOX and PVR are concerned, on aesthetics, on luxury, on 
safety, on service, so that people are decouched and they come to our cinema to watch movies. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Shakir, I request you to join the queue for any follow-ups as we have several participants 
waiting for their turn. The next question is from Arun Prasath from Spark. 
Arun Prasath: 
Two questions. One is, you have indicated that you will be deferring the takeover of any fit-out 
properties going forward till the industry recovers. Does it mean if the Hindi movie industry 
doesn't recover, we will not be adding any screens in the next year, that is in FY '25? And 
consequently, what is the obligation of the developer according to the agreements that you have 
signed?  
Can he wait out for a longer period of time? Or can he seek out for another exhibitor? How does 
it play out? That's question number one. My second question is on the OTT window. A few days 
ago, Mr. Bijli talked about this, where he said that industry shouldn't shy away from extending 
the OTT window. So what is the thought process going behind this? Are we trying to push the 
OTT window beyond the current stipulated time? So those are my 2 questions. 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. I'll respond to the first one. Currently, we are in the advanced stage of fitting out about 175 
screens, which we plan to open this year. We have a very robust pipeline of a similar number of 
screens, which are coming up for handover this year. But in view of the huge amount of volatility 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 14 of 19 
 
at the box office that we've seen, we want that to stabilize before we take the next leg of screens 
for handover and start fitting them out.  
And keeping that in mind, we delayed all new handovers that are coming up. We are not worried 
about losing some screens because the pipeline is quite massive for us. The opportunities are 
quite large. And in some of these shopping centres and malls, most of the developers have 
consented and agreed. They understand the situation. We have long-term partnerships with a lot 
of these guys. 
But in some cases, where developers have an opportunity or would want to do screens with 
anybody else, that is possible that we may end up losing a few screens. But there are enough 
huge pipeline of screens that we have. So we are not so worried about that. And that's the way 
we are approaching it. Between PVR and INOX, the screen pipeline that both the companies 
have signed for development is in excess of 700 to 1,000 screens, which will come up over the 
next 5 to 7 years. So we are not worried on that front. Your second question was on OTT 
windows? 
Alok Tandon: 
Yes. So let me tell you that what Mr. Bijli said is, yes, for Hindi, we have an 8-week window, 
where after the movie is released in halls, then it will take 8 weeks for releasing on OTT. We 
have some South Indian film industries than Hindi where the period is a bit shorter. So we are 
in discussion with them because the long window helps everybody. It helps the producer, it helps 
the talent, it helps the exhibitors because they can earn more from the box office and then 
whatever -- whenever they release on the OTT, they can earn more from the OTT. 
So that's something we feel world over there a's long window or the window is quite high 
between the time it is release on the screen and it comes on OTT. And that's exactly what we 
want in India because it benefits the earning potential of a film. And the more it plays at the box 
office, the more the producer earns, the more the exhibitor earns, the more the distributor earns 
and better returns for the entire industry. And that's something, which we are speaking with 
people who make films in other languages. But yes, there is an 8-week window and if it's 
increased, it will help everyone. 
Arun Prasath: 
To the first answer in which you are talking about we are not worried about if screens go out of 
pocket and it ends up in their exhibitor. Does it -- is it also your are trying to renegotiate the 
contracts in terms of rentals and cams? Is it a fallout of that is why we are not taking the 
handover? 
Nitin Sood: 
No. As I said, we've given in the outline of company's strategy to say, we have got a huge capex 
already on screens, which we are fitting out. And that's the reason we have decided to postpone 
any fresh handover till the time the box stabilizes. We want to ensure that we fund all our growth 
from internal accruals in cash flows. And in spite of deferring all handovers, we'll still add about 
175 screens this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
So I just have two questions. One was on the breakeven. So I know this quarter is broadly 
breakeven at an EBITDA level, you've done about 22% occupancy. Once we kind of realize all 
the synergies over the next 18-24 months, what do we believe this number will now hover for 
the merged entity? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. I think like we've guided bulk of synergies is very revenue driven for us. There will be 
some bit of cost savings, but bulk of the synergies will come from revenue. And advertising is 
one number, which is currently lagging behind. So this number will not change dramatically. 
The 22% could look like 20% or 21% from a synergy perspective, this number as advertising 
revenues kick in, get down to normal levels, and there are some cost savings. This 22% number 
could potentially look like 20%, 20.5% kind of a number for a breakeven. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the second question was on movie pipeline. So I understand on the quality of the 
content, but based on your discussion with production houses, et cetera, do you also believe that 
the quantity of the content in terms of number of films released, releasing maybe over the next 
calendar year versus say pre-COVID as probably even producers are recalibrating the same ways 
you are could be a bit lower. Is that also the sense that you are having or maybe they focus more 
on quality than quantity? Just wanted to get a sense of what you're hearing on the other side of 
things? 
Alok Tandon: 
Well, it's difficult to say what the producers will do but yes for us and for everybody, quality is 
very, very important because I think today's Indian audience, they've got very, very refined taste 
buds. They know what they want from a script and when they spend 2.5 to 3 hours in an 
auditorium.  
So I think that quality is more important. And today's producers are looking or the content 
creators are looking at giving great quality, great content. And that's something what we know 
in the industry people are working on. So a good quality is very, very important. Yes, quantity 
too is important for us to have shows for all 52 Fridays in a year. That's not denying the fact that 
we don't want quantity. We also need quantity, but at the same time, quality is also something 
which is very, very important for this entire industry. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And sir, just to follow up to this. My question is coming more from the fact that are production 
houses kind of keeping similar budgets, but doing lesser films within that budget to kind of 
improve quality or create bigger films. Is that a sense that you are getting that they are trending 
towards, given that the smaller, midsized films have not done as well in the theatres? Or just any 
kind of insight that you have there that you can help with? 
Alok Tandon: 
Well, I think if that's a question about budget, you should be asking them, not us. But at the same 
time, I don't think it's right to say that small quantity or the small budget movies don't do well at 
all. I can give you lots of examples of small budget movies, which have performed well at the 
back office. As I always say, it's the content which matters, and people come out to see great 
content.  
For them, they're not bothered if more money has been spent on a film. If that be so, if it doesn't 
perform or if it doesn't cater to the taste buds of people, nobody will come in. So people go for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 16 of 19 
 
great stories. They go for great direction, they go for great choreography, for great screenplay 
rather than the budget of a movie. And that's very important for the entire industry. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Jensen Jacob from Centra Advisors. 
Jensen Jacob: 
My question was regarding the management screens that were mentioned in your presentation. 
It would be great if you could explain how these arrangements work and its economics if 
possible? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. So these are about 38 screens, 35 of them were from INOX portfolio, 3 screens PVR. So 
basically, we run and operate these screens, we earn a management fee from operations. We 
don't consolidate revenues from these screens. And hence, these screens have been called out 
separately. We just earn a management fee from these screens, which is reflected in our operating 
numbers. 
Jensen Jacob: 
So these management fees would show up in your other operating income if I'm correct? 
Nitin Sood: 
That's correct. 
Jensen Jacob: 
So the reason why I was asking about this, even though it's a relatively small number, is because 
you mentioned that you are looking at higher profitability going forward. So I was just 
wondering if you are looking to do more of these management fees models in the future, 
considering the asset-light nature? 
Nitin Sood: 
No. So we are looking at different models. We will guide the market as we do some of those 
screens. Our focus is to be in full control of screens, which we run and operate, obviously, with 
a lower capex intensity. And we are working on various models right now to build a long-term 
better model than what we've been traditionally investing in. 
Jensen Jacob: 
Okay. So these arrangements are just like consulting model, right? Or is it like a franchisee as 
in the hospitality industry? 
Alok Tandon: 
No, it's not a franchisee. It is something where INOX and PVR run these properties. So the P&L 
goes to the developer, he is the one who puts in the capex, everybody is on his rolls. But we, as 
cinema experts, we run everything for that particular developer. So in all aspects, it's like an 
INOX or PVR property. 
Jensen Jacob: 
Okay. So the branding will be the owner's branding, right? 
Alok Tandon: 
The branding is either INOX or PVR. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. First, on advertisement front. So in terms of the total 
proportion of ad slots per movie, movie running time, what would that be pre-COVID? And 
what is that now? And one more question is on the quality of content that we are talking about, 
right? We obviously read a lot about the quantum of money being charged by the big actors. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 17 of 19 
 
However, when we see certain big budget movies, the quality of production is not probably at 
par with Hollywood despite having a reasonably large budget. So is there any change which is 
happening in that regard? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So let me take the advertising question. We normally, on an average, would play about 19 
minutes of advertising. Now in certain big movies, this goes up, but largely if you average it out, 
the advertising time slotted is about 19 minutes, and these are in 2 slots, before the start of film 
and in the intermission. We currently are doing about 12, 12.5 minutes consumption. And this 
is expected to grow as we move forward. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
So you mentioned that the 19 minutes will grow going ahead? 
Gautam Dutta: 
No, no, no. We are currently at 12.5 minutes. The 19 minutes cannot grow. 19 minutes is the 
time slotted with every film for advertising. So technically, we need to grow both value and 
volume currently. And for PVR, this time is slightly higher, for INOX is slightly lower. So if 
you average that out, we are consuming close to about 12.5 minutes currently. Our uptake is 
currently about 6-odd minutes that we can move up. So we have to sell more advertising and 
then also get our rates up. So that's how the journey is going to be. And then we've got a whole 
lot of media outside the big screen as well. So we want to also -- and we also have a plan to 
monetize the offscreen space as well at the cinema. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. So just in terms of volumes, you have a 50% upside possibly and value base, what would 
be the upside? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Difficult to say. Currently, our whole focus is to get the volume back and that journey may 
happen once all the merger stability comes into PVR and INOX. So I guess that would be done 
next year largely. This year, we are concentrating largely on volume increase. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. That's helpful. And would you be able to comment on the question on production 
value? 
Alok Tandon: 
See, again, the production value, as I earlier said, that I think the producers and the content 
creators will be able to answer.  
Gautam Dutta: 
But more importantly, we are in conversation with the producer and believe me more than us, 
they are the ones who are doing a lot of research, understanding exactly what the consumer 
wants. They have been digging deep into data. And the content that we are expecting this year 
will be -- it's fresh and it is made keeping in mind what the consumer wants. We believe that the 
content that we will all see this year and moving forward is ingrained in deep consumer insights 
and will be very powerful. That's our hypothesis and hunch. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from ENAM AMC. 
Mayank Babla: 
I had a bookkeeping question. Could you please give us the post IndAS total operating expenses 
for the combined entity for FY '23, the entire year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Nitin Sood: 
No, it's difficult to give an IndAS expense because the accounting changes quarter-on-quarter 
depending upon how the assets are done. So we can take this question offline, but it's difficult 
to give with IndAS what the expenses would look like. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
I just want to sort of understand the screen expansion sort of plan a little better. So if I understood 
correctly, you'll be opening 175 screens ballpark in the coming year, where you've already 
incurred some capex. Any further expansion beyond that 175, you'll wait for the box office 
situation to normalize. So then how should we think about screens additions for FY '25? And 
what does this change mean for your mix?  
Because if I understand correctly, earlier, you were targeting about 40% of new screens coming 
from South and 60% from rest of the country. How will that mix change? And what -- if you 
can give us some colour, where do you think you will cap your capex plan for FY '24 and maybe 
FY '25, the way you see things today? 
Nitin Sood: 
So there is -- first of all, our screen expansion, like we said, a large proportion will be focused 
on South. The year-on-year ratio is difficult to predict, but it will vary anything between 40% to 
50% of our overall screen count will continue to be added in Southern India over a period of 
time. Secondly, this does not change anything as far as our growth plan is concerned. What we 
are basically saying is depending upon how the year pans out, we want to manage our cash flow 
slightly better. We want to fund bulk of our growth from our operating earnings. And hence, the 
decision to delay, even further handovers has been taken with that in mind. 
Now this could potentially mean that we open a slightly less number of screens in FY '25? It's 
possible, like this year, we have a lot of screens that we opened this year have all opened in Q4. 
50% of all the screens that we opened this year have opened in Q4 of this year. So FY '25 
potentially looks like a similar situation if we delay the handovers by another 9 to 12 months. 
But I think we are reasonably confident because the pipeline of screens is so huge, we will still 
end up opening a similar kind of a number even in FY '25. So I don't think it changes anything. 
It just delays and the timing of opening would change. Like current year, a lot of our screen 
openings would happen in the early part of the year as compared to previous years where a lot 
of screen opening happened towards the end of the year. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And what about refurbishment, upgradation capex, which... 
Nitin Sood: 
It is going to be a big focus area when we will continue to spend on refurbishment, maintaining 
and upkeeping our existing screens because they are the screens, which are continuing to deliver 
a strong ROI where we have strong admissions, and we will continue to do that. I think our 
overall capex number for this year will continue to be in the range of about INR700 crores for 
all the new screens, existing screens, investments in technology, IT, maintenance, everything 
put together. So this year, I think the number will be in that range for these 175 screens that 
we're adding. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 16, 2023 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nitin Sood: 
Thanks, Ankur, and thank you, everyone, for taking time to attend the call. If we have not been 
able to answer any of you during this call, feel free to reach out to us separately, and we'll be 
happy to address your queries offline. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
