 
 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Synergia IT Park, Plot No. R-270 T.T.C. 
Industrial Estate, Gautam Nagar, Near 
Rabale Police Station, Rabale,Navi 
Mumbai 400701. MH-India.  
Phone 
Fax 
+91 22 4040 7070 
+91 22 4040 7080 
investor@aurionpro.com 
www.aurionpro.com 
CIN: L99999MH1997PLC111637 
 
                           
 
August 02, 2023 
To,  
Deptt. Of Corporate Services- Listing  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Sub: Transcript of earning call held on July 26, 2023 for the Q1 FY 2023-24  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find transcript of the earning call held on July 26, 2023 for the 
Q1 of FY 2023-24.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and confirm compliance. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
 
 
Ninad Kelkar  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
Ninad Prabhakar 
Kelkar
Digitally signed by Ninad Prabhakar Kelkar 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5985, 
pseudonym=KKpmXBKwICOG5Avw14cmAbyXJHbQxZbl, 
2.5.4.20=30e88de6db74a6add8ad8e6a8f4d084cd03fbe22
cd587c2bac66d1f29428be3f, postalCode=421201, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=6257ea305d4077cda243f29b13e49ff4e8f98
8f988115d718bf4d123f6399c2c, cn=Ninad Prabhakar 
Kelkar 
Date: 2023.08.02 17:19:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Aurionpro Solutions Limited Q1 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH RAI – VICE CHAIRMAN & DIRECTOR 
MR. VIPUL PARMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NINAD KELKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Aurionpro Solutions Limited Q1 
FY2024 Earnings Webinar. 
Today on this call we have with us from the Management, Mr. Ashish Rai – Vice 
Chairman and Director, Mr. Vipul Parmar – Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Ninad 
Kelkar – Company Secretary. 
Please note that, any statements or comments made in today’s call that may look like 
forward looking statements that are based on information presently available to the 
management and do not constitute an indication of any future performance as future 
involves risks and uncertainties, which could cause results to differ materially from 
the current views being expressed. 
At this moment, all participants are in listen only mode, a question-and-answer 
session to be conducted towards the end of the opening remarks by the 
management. At that time, you may click the raise hand icon from the toolbar or type 
your text questions. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Rai for his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ashish Rai: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this Earnings Call for Q1 FY24. 
I’ll go through prepared remarks for about five minutes, and then we’ll open it up for 
a Q&A. 
We are pleased to announce the results for Q1, which show our continued growth 
momentum that we’ve seen across our core businesses for the last several years. 
Every quarter that goes by gives us yet another proof point on our chosen strategy to 
build a global products and platforms player centered around creating tier-1 IP assets.  
Our strong performance this quarter, is a result of a good demand environment for 
many of our core offerings and our expansion into newer markets through both 
strategic partnerships, as well as the expansion in sales channel that we have talked 
about in the past. This performance is also the result of increasing global 
competitiveness of our products as they mature, and highly disciplined execution that 
we saw from our teams across the board from sales to R&D and delivery.  
This quarter was an especially great quarter for our R&D teams, with some truly path 
breaking product launches hitting the market after grueling multiyear build cycles. 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
While we expect commercial success, every time we launch a new product, what 
really drives us is solving the hard problems that create net new capability and value 
for our clients, our partners and society in general. What the numbers will not tell is 
that the quarter gone by was one of our most successful quarters from the standpoint 
of bringing new products and offering to market across both Banking as well as TIG.  
I will cover some of this as I go through the presentation. I’m sure by now you have 
receive the deck with details of our performance so allow me to deep dive into the 
numbers a little bit. When we started the year, we had given guidance of our plans 
for FY24, which said we will grow our revenue between 30% and 35%. We will deliver 
EBITDA between 20% and 22% and we plan to hit PAT margins of 15% to 16%. We 
believe these numbers put us squarely in the top 5% to 10% of the industry in terms 
of delivering performance, we will do this while funding the R&D spends that as you 
know, we fund from the excess in terms of product builds right and not recapitalize 
investments.  
So, revenue for the quarter stood at 199 Cr, which is a 36% Y-o-Y expansion and 4% 
quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA 44 Cr, as compared to 33 Cr, which is 33% on a Y-o-Year 
basis and 10% sequential. EBITDA margin was at 22%. PAT went to 32 Cr, which is a 
33% Y-o-Y expansion and 19% on a sequential Q-o-Q basis. PAT margin for the quarter 
stood at 16%. So, while we have worked hard over the last few years to reduce 
lumpiness in our revenue streams by converting where possible to recurring revenue 
models, such as subscription licenses for example. There is still some seasonality in 
our numbers. So, I personally think the Y-o-Y comparison is a more meaningful 
indicator of relative performance than sequential Q-o-Q numbers. Overall, we are 
very pleased with the execution in Q1. And we feel we are in a great place to deliver 
on our guidance of 30% to 35% growth for FY24, while delivering the margin numbers 
that we plan for.  
If we move on to the key highlights so, as I said our R&D teams had a truly exceptional 
quarter. On the banking and FinTech business, getting the in-principle approval from 
RBI was a great demonstrator of our ability to not only build cutting edge tech 
offerings, but also back that up with a strong mature operational framework. 
Aurionpro FinTech in the US launched a brand-new next generation healthcare SaaS 
platform called ‘Revique’. We also had significant wins across Southeast Asia and 
Middle East and Africa. As you can see, on the slide for the banking business, what 
we also saw was a dramatic uptick in the number of things that we are competing in, 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
and our win rates going up. That’s a function of both expansion in the sales channel, 
as well as demand in the corporate banking segment that’s coming through.  
Similarly, we have significant product launches from TIG, nothing more prominent 
than ECR-One that we launched at UITP Summit in Barcelona last month, or the 
month before. This really is a great demonstrator of our ability to do hard R&D and 
break into large new market segments. We are the only Indian company to have 
designed, built and launched an EMV compliant card reader and that points to the 
strength of our ability to do hard R&D. We will continue to enhance our R&D spend 
this year as we continue to fine tune our bigger products for global markets, as well 
as key backward integrating into the value chain across both hardware as well as 
software. Our continued emphasis on building highly differentiated world class IP, as 
well as our ability to create joint value propositions with other leading industry 
players will continue to strengthen our ability to win on the global stage, as well as 
drive long term and earnings power for the enterprise.  
As we go further into the year, we will remain sharply focused on executing with 
energy, with discipline to continue delivering strong revenue and profit growth in this 
year and beyond. I hope this has given you a useful overview of the overall business 
context and our strategy and performance. I look forward to answering any questions 
that you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Gautam: 
What is the opportunity size in the TIG segment? 
Moderator:  
It seems that we have lost line for the current participant. In the meanwhile, we’ll 
move to our next question that is from the line of Kranthi Bathini from WealthMills 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Kranthi Bathini: 
I just want to know about, as there are the big IT companies in India, they have been 
giving a pension and reducing their guidance. And there are some kind of implication 
about the global slowdown all these implications are impacting many of the IT 
companies and especially many vendors have been reducing their banking and 
financial services budgets, what kind of impact and what kind of visibility as a 
company you are foreseeing? 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Ashish Rai: 
If you are a generic IT services company or a commoditized outsourcer or something 
right now, I suppose there is some uncertainty especially in the Western markets as 
the interest rates have gone up. That’s particular to a very generic services player. We 
are highly specialized around a few segments that we have chosen, for example 
corporate banking transformations which we work in through our corporate loan 
originations product, collateral limit management, transaction banking, and transit 
payments, we honestly for these segments don’t see a demand slowdown at all. And 
there’s a reason for it, a high interest rate environment in general, is you have to 
understand the kind of clients we sell to on the corporate banking side, it’s typically 
you would have to be a large bank, tier-1 bank for you to need a specialized corporate 
loan origination system for example. A high interest environment is I don’t think 
necessarily bad for a tier-1 corporate bank, if you look at the results coming out of 
US, Asia, most large banks with large corporate loan books are actually doing 
exceptionally well. In a high interest rate environment, your investment banking side 
will come down, your M&A piece will come down, but actually, banks are doubling 
down on transformation in the corporate banking space. So, if anything, we’ve seen 
a dramatic uptick in the number of deals sort of coming to the table. Same thing with 
transit, the transformation from closed loop to open loop we think is a decade long 
transformation. We are still in the early stages of it, like we won that deal in California. 
That’s just one US state, which is leading the charge, but there is a lot more of the 
market to come to the table. So, honestly, for most of the segments that we chose 
we see a fairly decent demand environment. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mitul Mehta from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Just wanted to get some sense on your order book, you highlighted that you have 
built a INR 800 crore + order book. Now, does this incorporate some of the deals that 
you have announced in your presentation like the one in Philippines or the Canberra 
deal or the one in Middle East do these deals are incorporated in these numbers or 
they are not? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, look, we announced INR 800 crore + order book at the end of March basically, 
that is what it stood. And typically, most of the order book that we declared almost 
80% of it is a next four quarter order book so we would have retired close to INR 200 
Cr from that order book in Q1, we added a little bit more than INR 200 Cr so we are 
at 800 crore+. Those deals that we mentioned these are new deals which are 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
essentially new additions to the order book. So, INR 800 crore number was on 31st of 
March, but the number is still of the same range.  
Mitul Mehta: 
So, these deals are incorporated in all? 
Ashish Rai: 
They are now in the order book, but not on that number that you are talking from 
31st March. 
Mitul Mehta: 
So, how much you would have added? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, we added something of the order of INR 230 Cr in Q1. So, we were at INR 820 Cr, 
you net out INR 200 Cr that we retired in Q1. So, the order book went up by about 
INR 20 - 25 Cr. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Okay. Sir could you speak a bit more on your strategy in the develop country like US 
or Europe, when do you really go there and bid for larger orders because currently 
most of our business is concentrated in the Asia Pacific region. So, when do we 
actually get there and announce some large deal pipeline? 
Ashish Rai: 
Okay. So, the pipeline is already building up. Thanks for the question Mitul, that’s a 
good question. So, the way to look at it is this, our first focus is on building out a 
product / platform, which is really finished and can compete globally. It’s easy to do 
product deliveries out in the US, if I wanted to supply bodies want to work for 
someone else, that’s easy. Selling products in the US or in Europe, honestly, if you 
think of it how many India products do you actually see in the US and I don’t even 
mean software, soap, shampoo anything. Today you go out to California, you do a 
tap-in tap-out on a fully finished Aurionpro validator unit that’s sitting in the past in 
California. So, it takes a lot of hard work, a lot of fine tuning to get the products to a 
level where they can play in the advanced market. Same thing with the software, with 
bulk of our assets we are now getting there. So, corporate loan origination, by and 
large we are at a tier-1 level in terms of both depth as well as breadth of the offering 
and we are building out the sales channels to take it global. On our payment offerings, 
we are especially the license technology in the US market. We are already in the US 
market, for example Q4 or Q3 I may have mistaken we announce the USD 18 million 
around licensing or payment technology. That is a result of really getting the offering 
to that level. Transit again, we have broken into California, we announced a couple of 
other deals, we are now going out a lot more heavily, we’ve built out the sales team 
to go out a lot more heavily in the market. So, for a number of our products we are 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
getting there. US is now up to almost 7% - 8% of our overall revenue. I fully expect 
over the next few years this number to keep climbing up. But the way to understand 
it is, because I know a lot of people do benchmark us against IT services, and it’s just 
a very different game to get a fully finished platform or product out. We also launched 
a healthcare SaaS product last month, the month before in the US market called 
‘Revique’, which is very sharply targeted on practice management sort of offerings. 
So, we are slowly getting there in terms of launching our offerings. The other thing 
we are doing which not many players do is license our technology to some of the 
other global players who will take it to the Europe and US and other market sites. For 
example, we announced the partnership we have with Finastra, where we are 
licensing our technology, we will do more and more of those arrangements as we go. 
So, we are by and large getting there from a product standpoint. So, now it’s a 
question of really finding the right channel, either through a partnership, or go 
directly and sell.  
Mitul Mehta:  
So, sir as far as your guidance is concerned, you pretty much enumerated about how 
do you get to a 30% - 35% growth in the current year. Now looking beyond 24, could 
you spell out your sort of strategy or some degree of visibility as to where do we go 
in FY25? 
Ashish Rai:  
Okay. So, two ways to answer that question. One, last month we did an investor day 
where I did present the strategy that we have and articulated what we call the ‘Vision 
2030’. If you have time, go down and find the video on YouTube or somewhere and 
probably that will help. The long term ambition is very, very simple. We’ve chosen 
our segments, we made four large strategic bets in terms of what you’re going after 
transformation in the corporate banking space, we see a long demand runway 
transformation in the transit payment space, we see a long demand runway the 
licensing of technology to other global industries, we’ve just started when we see a 
lot of success ahead. So, we’ve enumerated what those bets are, we said in each of 
our offerings we want to be a top three player globally in the segments that we 
compete in. Now, this is not a one year, two-year journey this is going to take time 
but that is our ambition to get to and hence the desire to build tier-1 assets rather 
than something that’s good enough to compete in Asia or something. So, that’s one, 
so 2030 we’ve articulated where we want to be. 
In terms of immediate guidance, the numbers have been clear about what we hold 
ourselves to in terms of long-range planning, is target 25% to 30% growth, target 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
margins of 20% to 22% on EBITDA and 15% to 16% on PAT this is essentially how we 
plan for our business this is what we believe is the right level to keep growing at. We 
don’t want to grow too fast and risk the delivery reputation because our product 
business is fundamentally hard, you want to really get a lot of pieces together before 
you go. So, 25 to 30 is the right level at which we plan for the medium to long term. 
This year, we had an exceptionally good demand environment and a fairly large order 
book. So, we guided 30 to 35, but over the long range, the expectation should be for 
us to be in the 25 to 30 range rather than 30 to 35. I hope that answers the question. 
Mitul Mehta:  
Yes. And sir if you can allow me one more question, if you can allow me sir.  
Ashish Rai:  
Okay. 
Mitul Mehta:  
So, as far as your banking product revenue business is concerned, so let’s say 
currently our quarterly run rate is somewhere close to about INR 90 Cr and we are 
going to built it as we move along. Now, out of this total, let’s say about 400 to 450, 
about INR 450 Cr of product, banking product revenue, how much would be the 
licensing part? 
Ashish Rai:  
Reason you ask is essentially what is linked to IP and hence a different margin profile 
than the implementation part, is that the case? Is it a one off versus, is it a margin 
question or a recurring versus one off question? 
Mitul Mehta:  
No, it’s a margin question is as well as a recurring versus a one-off question. So, I just 
want to understand the linearity of your banking product business? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, the way to look at it is this, when we sell new deals, typically 1/3rd is license and 
1/3rd is AMC and 1/3rd is implementation. License and AMC are both linked to IP, 
hence a different margin profile than the 1/3rd which goes into implementation. On 
the overall book, almost 65% to 70% is what you can call recurring or ongoing that’s 
going on and the other 30% is what we sell and deliver in the year. Out of the sell and 
deliver roughly half would come from existing and half would come from new. So, the 
actual new dependencies is very, very small. So, recurring roughly, let’s say 2/3rd, 
1/3rd, recurring and ongoing versus one off, and in a deal licenses are third, AMC is a 
third, implementation is a third. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. So, in the meanwhile while the queue assembles, we have a few text 
questions. The first question is from Varun Mohanraj from Skaniva Capital. What is 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
the business model in TIG transit segment, do we get business from new metro 
projects alone or we get business for existing metro projects also. If so, what is tenure 
of such projects? My second question is on data centers, which part of the data center 
value chain are we targeting? 
Ashish Rai:  
Thanks Varun. So, two questions. So, first coming tackling the transit side, typically so 
we do compete on new projects. The way to look at demand for the transit side is, 
there is two sort of parallel movements happening. One is you got the whole western 
world which is largely an existing legacy technology which is usually close loop and 
there is a movement from close loop to open loop California being one example. So, 
a lot of the Western world is closed loop to open loop. So, old tech to new tech, a lot 
of the emerging world is when new projects are coming out. So, a lot of times it’s no 
tech to over loop tech so both of them are kind of very strong demand drivers for us. 
We will play in both of those spaces. So, California is an example of old tech to new 
tech, something like a Haryana transport or a Noida metro or Nagpur metro is an 
example of almost no tech to new tech. So, we’ll play in both of those cases and in 
the revenue model typically, will depend on the nature of the transaction. Largely, we 
don’t do too many CAPEX deals, we’ve done those in the past we’ve also done some 
recently but then we will normally find a partner who will provide the capital and we 
will provide the tech and usually outside of India, it’s a pure tech deal. California has 
proven, Canberra has proven, Central America, Latin America our wins even in Africa, 
it’s proven that we can go head-to-head on a tech competition and win pretty much 
anywhere in the world. So, globally we will obviously collaborate with our larger 
partners like MasterCard for example. So, Maldives, for example if you look at it 
together in partnership with MasterCard. So, we will find partners where capital is 
needed, but by and large we will go and provide the tech. In India, we will do a larger 
CAPEX transactions as well, but then find the capital partner to work together with us 
on it. So, which is like Nagpur metro, Noida metro, Kanpur metro, Haryana transport, 
etc. So, that’s essentially transit.  
                                        The segment has been going very, very strongly for us and we see a long demand as the 
world moves from closed loop to open loop tech, open loop tech basically is you used 
to pre-load a instrument and go to the metro gate. Now, you want to use your card, 
you want to use QR code, you want to have account-based ticketing, you have all that 
stuff. So, essentially, moving from here to here, and that I don’t think is a moment 
that can be stopped. And that will go on for some time.  

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
                                        On data center, this is a specific bet we have on the digitization of India, we see a 
significant long term demand as well as we saw a gap in the market, so we built out 
what we believe is one of the strongest data center design teams in the country, one 
of the strongest teams in terms of project managing a build, and there is a significant 
demand, we’ve announced a lot of wins in that case, including some highly complex 
competitive projects that we’ve won in the space and we’ve got some fantastic 
strategic partnerships with a few clients who’ve been investing heavily in the space. 
So, data center, we will play across the spectrum, we will normally maintain a mix 
between design and project managing a build essentially to deliver the net result 
which delivers to the enterprise expectation on margins, because design would tend 
to the higher margin and the rest of the stuff would tend to be lower margin. So, you 
work on a blend which still delivers to the enterprise margin for sure. So TIG on the 
whole has been growing exceptionally strongly, this is a business which is probably 
growing even more strongly than the TIG growth.   
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next text question is from Krupa Desai from Electrum Capital. So, on 
the banking side sir, in the US, Europe would you be replacing the existing competitor 
or find new customers because I believe large banks there would already be having 
such solutions placed? 
Ashish Rai:  
Normally we get involved is where the bank is, so, if I take corporate banking is an 
example where the bank is looking at a transformation on the corporate banking side. 
So, whether you go into US or you go in Asia, you will hardly find a bank which does 
not have existing technology. I don’t think such a bank exists so you will always have 
some tech to replace, typically what would happen in a corporate loan origination 
space is, this is a space where a large bank believes its competitive source lies in the 
workflow process in the origination process. They have built up a system largely in-
house or uses an outsourcer to build it, which is a reflection of how they ran their 
process. Now there is a need to move to a best practice process, hence, do a 
transformation of the system move from a custom-built application to an actual first 
grade product. So, if you see corporate loan nomination space, we participate in 
Chartis with tech leaders quadrants, we are squarely in the leaders quadrant on 
corporate loan origination or collateral management or limit management. And this 
is the leader quadrant globally. So, we are one of the top choices the bank has in 
terms of if I wanted to incorporate best practice in my ordination process and move 
to a package product, we are one of the choices. So, typically, the move is not from 
some other product to us, typically the move is from a custom build job the bank did, 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
and which is 90% of it, or especially the product they bought long time back and move 
to an Aurionpro solution. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from a participant from Columbus Investments. 
Please share details of the new products that you have launched in this quarter, 
especially since you mentioned that it was a great quarter for the R&D team. Thank 
you. 
Ashish Rai:  
Thanks for bringing that up. So, it really was an exceptional quarter right and numbers 
are numbers, but there’s some quarters that make you truly feel I suppose why you 
jump out of bed every morning and come to work right. So, it’s ECR-one for example 
that we launched in Barcelona last month, Sanjay and his team launched that’s almost 
two years of grueling hard R&D, to go out and build a card reader which is EMV 
compliant and it does sort of things, one is it obviously completely changes the margin 
profile of our own validator unit that we will be manufacturing because that’s a key 
component of the validator, so it immediately improves our margins on it. But the 
second thing is, you really need high quality card readers everywhere, so it just opens 
up a brand-new market, strategic partnerships of a very different scale for us once 
we roll these out and can manufacture them at scale, not just for our own validator 
units, but even for as a standalone product by itself. Similarly, we launched, so that is 
like, it is really exceptional I don’t think there are many firms, forget in India, even on 
a wider scale who can do it and that was a great achievement. We launched a health 
care SaaS platform in the US, Revique, which again has gone through a few iterations 
and finally, launched for a very specific segment of the market, we are already taking 
in a few clients and fine tuning the product further. So, that is a big one. We came up 
with core sort of new releases for a number of our products. So, what is happening 
to Aurionpro right now is, as we go into new market, so we did not really have till 9-
12 months back when we started investing in the sales channels, we had a much 
smaller pipeline, which was a lot more narrowly focused in terms of geography. Now, 
as we go wider, we enter new markets, even when you have the core product builds 
done, you need to fine tune the product for the market that you’re going to. Banking 
tends to be a highly regulated industry, and transit as well, will on the application side 
will need to do a bunch of work. So, we actually had new versions come out of a 
number of our offerings, we also are working with a few strategic partners. So, that 
is on the banking side. We also working with a few strategic partners in terms of, so 
like the Finastra partnership that we announced. And now by and large we will not 
announce new partnerships in the space for confidentiality reasons, but we’re 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
working on a number of other product releases which are specific to working, 
licensing our technology to other large global ISP. So, if I go back to the Finastra 
example for a second what is it that we are doing, we have a cutting-edge quick 
management solution. So, we know how we do that Finastra has a number one trade 
finance solution in the world. We are co-creating a real time limit management 
functionality call it a module inside which will work together with the Finastra trade 
finance solution. Now, one we are already working on the first client on that one. And 
once the integration is done, the product is generally available, it becomes accessible 
to the entire sort of client base for Finastra, if they want to get into real time frame 
limits. So, arrangements like those need the product to be fine-tuned and then 
release. So, we actually got three of our core offerings versions out as well in the 
quarter. So, there is a lot of work that was in the train for 12- 24 months that came 
out in the quarter. And that is something that we are especially proud of, numbers 
are numbers and obviously that’s what we work for. But we also work for the impact 
that we make and that’s the sort of R&D success that I was talking about. Thanks for 
the question. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. What are 
we doing to improve our perception due to past CG issues? Please highlight our USP 
and moat and how is the opportunity size in all our segments? 
Management: 
Past corporate governance issues. Okay, so unless there is something specific to 
answer, I don’t know what I can say about past issues. Look, the way we are running 
the business, is our goal is to be highly transparent. Our goal is to create net new 
value in the world. Our goal is to build out the global IP-led products and platforms 
player rooted in India, rooted in Asia, we don’t believe there are too many of those. 
And we believe there is a giant market opportunity. If we get our view right. We chose 
a few bets, we are building against those bets, we are running a highly transparent 
business, we have a very clean balance sheet, we had INR 170-180 Cr of debt, and we 
retired it down to a fairly low number. We don’t capitalize any, with the exception of 
the payment side where for regulatory reasons we capitalize a very small, not a 
material amount. We expense all our R&D so there is no significant intangible assets 
sitting on the balance sheet. So, unless there is something specific I can answer 
around corporate governance, we run one of the cleanest businesses, one of the most 
competitive businesses in the place. Our product have been on Chartis with tech 
leaders quadrants, there is no vendor in India, there is no vendor in Asia which can 
claim to be there, if you talk of a few competitors, they have far to the left not even 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
threatening to get anywhere close to the leaders quadrant in the next 10 years. So, 
we create real value, we run a competitive business, we have been very clear about 
where we want to be in 2030. I hope that is good enough, but very happy to take on 
any specific questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is an audio question from the line of Sahil Sharma as an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Yes, the question is, since we have tier-1 IP, and when I look at the distribution or 
geographical distribution of revenue, most of it comes from India, and then from 
APAC, we get a very small percentage from USA, and almost none from Europe. So, 
what I wanted to understand is, what is our strategic direction for growing that pie, 
selling our tier-1 IP to Europe and USA and increasing that and what could this look 
like in two to three years or whatever timeframe you can talk about? 
Ashish Rai:  
Yes, thank you Sahil. So, first our product businesses in Southeast Asia, Middle East 
and India, that’s where we mainly been centered, are highly profitable. We can drive 
margins in these markets, which are better than what most players can drive in USA 
or Europe. And I would say pretty much 98% of the industry would do lesser margins 
then us then what we can do in Asia typically the reason people don’t like being in 
Asia and India is because they’re selling essentially services, which is selling work 
hours for someone and you don’t get the right realization on those hours in these 
markets. But when you’re doing product that is not a big problem. So, that’s number 
one. So, we can run a highly profitable business in these markets but of course you’re 
right. We don’t aim to be just in Asia, our ambition is to get to like I said, top three in 
our chosen segments globally by 2030. Now, it is a long hard journey to get there. 
And to compete in US and Europe there are two things that are needed. One is, the 
products really need to be very competitive and suited to the banks or suited to the 
banks or the providers there. On the transit side, we are there; we can go out and 
compete with the best in the world and win. So, I keep coming back to California but 
if you look at it, it’s a competitive global RFP. There is no choosing favorites on that 
one. There is no fixing the game, it’s a competitive head-to-head and we go and win. 
Which means if I can win in California, going head-to-head with pretty much everyone 
in the world we can win anywhere. So, we believe from a product standpoint, we are 
very well placed on the transit side.  
                                        On the banking side we are very well placed in Asia so corporate loan origination is as 
deep a product as you get anywhere in the world. But we want to really go market-

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
by-market, make sure we are suitable and then go. So, one is that making the product 
fit for purpose for the bank, it’s not a question of depth, it’s a question of adapting to 
the market. And we will go slowly as we do that. The second is building a sales 
channel. Now building a sales channel, I’m not a huge fan of hiring 10 guys throwing 
them in the US and then hoping that works, selling in large banks is a, you need to 
play the long game here. So, what we are trying to do is we are saying, Yes we will 
organically build out our sales team, we beefed it up in the US, we don’t have any in 
Europe right now. And we will support those teams to succeed as that unit succeeds 
we will scale up. So, we are not in a rush to scale up with a large sales team on day 
one, we will scale it up organically as we build a box, that box succeeds then we scale 
it up double the size, that box succeeds we will double it again. So, we will organically 
grow. But to speed our time to market, what we will do is we’ll go and focus on 
strategic partnerships that can take our products global, which is where in every large 
segment that we exist in, where our products can play together with a large global 
ISV, we will go and get into an arrangement where we develop IT. Because we are 
very good at building products, we are very agile, we are very cost efficient in terms 
of building it we know how to play the product game, we know what it takes to build 
a product, we know what it takes to manage it, we know what it takes to stand up an 
implementation team, we know what it takes to surround it with the API framework, 
we know what it takes to make it cloud native. There, it’s not a game that the 
commoditize outsourcers can play. So, we use our strengths, strike women 
partnerships and that will allow our products to go out with a lot more. So, Finastra, 
we announced we will probably announce a few more. But most likely without 
mentioning the names of those vendors. And we’ll do more and more of those and 
those will also take our products to Europe and to US. And those will be, once you see 
the results of it and those results should come out much more sooner than 2030, 
those would be exceptional win-win situations which is a win for the client, win for 
both the partners working together in terms of co-creating those solutions. So, that 
is how we will go strategic partnerships, deep partnerships, expand sales channel in 
the US grow organically, and continue to drive the channel in Asia. Asia is also if you 
see most of our sales expansion is 9-12 months it’s very new for us. So, we got a lot 
of headroom in Asia as well which we will keep tapping on to. So, that’s essentially 
the begin. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Sir, when we look at the licensee got for payment aggregation, can you just share like 
how we would leverage that and what is the business model there, for AuroPay? 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ashish Rai:  
Yes, so AuroPay, look payments, as you know digital payments is a vast market. We’ve 
applied for licenses in India which we got an in principle approval from RBI from and 
we applied for license in Singapore which is still in the process. The goal is not to 
become the 51st payment gateway in India and join the race to the bottom on 
margins. The goal is to strategically play in areas we are strong in. So, this is something 
that I’ve explained before, what is the key strategy when we go into a segment, so 
first is we choose a segment, we choose a segment where we believe the demand 
runway is long, we believe the leadership is fragmented, or at least contested on a 
global basis and we believe we have the ability to build out a tier-1 asset. So, once 
those three conditions are met, we are in that segment like corporate banking, 
transit, whatever. So, we choose a segment, when we go into that segment, then 
what are we trying to do, it’s not just building a product, what we are saying is, we’re 
not that keen on sitting in a box that says software or hardware or services or 
whatever. So, we are a tech player, we will look at the whole value chain, we will look 
at how does the client buy in the case of a transit operator it goes from a validator to 
the software around AFC, to the payment stack, to gates, the whole thing. In the case 
of a bank, it goes from the software to the implementation to the cloud. So, we look 
at the value chain, we will try as far as possible to occupy every point on that value 
chain and become the most cost-efficient producer on every point of the chain that 
is what allows us to really build up a competitive advantage over everyone else who’s 
playing that game who thinks there are a software, hardware or services vendors. 
And that allows you to drive margins, so that is the big game. Now coming back to 
your AuroPay point, transit for example, we are end-to-end and the payment offering 
can play very well with transit where we already hold the contracts, so allows us to 
expand the margin on the same business that we are doing anyways better. Second 
thing is, for example, the B2B SaaS platforms, we have enabled B2B payments which 
we believe is under served niche, so we’ve chosen spaces where first, we have a 
competitive advantage, second we have a margin expansion game. Third, we have 
the ability to really differentiate ourselves and go after the underserved market. So, 
that is essentially the game for digital payments, we believe this is a huge market. 
Even when you get so specialized, you’re obviously competing with everyone else. 
But we are in spaces where we believe we are, once we have the offering fully ready 
so we got the principle approval but we still need to get the final one. So, then we 
essentially play in spaces where we have that unique competitive advantage. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suryansh from Bizx Enterprise LLP. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Suryansh: 
So, I need to ask that after recent capital raise, do we need further capital raise in 
near time? 
Ashish Rai: 
Thank you Suryansh. So, the short answer is no. The capital raise that we did is 
actually a very minor capital raise. It’s not a significant capital raise. As a business, so 
like I’ve said on previous calls, we are kicking up enough capital to reinvest back in 
the business and can support the organic growth of 25% to 30% levels. And the 
additional capital that we have raised is, it sort of improves the strategic flexibility for 
us a little bit as we go into an environment where we see some very large opportunity, 
our ability to react to it improves slightly, but it’s not a huge amount of capital raise 
it’s a very minor capital raise. So, that is the only ambition behind that it’s sort of 
improve the strategic flexibility over the next 12 months to react to significant 
opportunities which we think may appear. So, if they don’t appear it’s essentially 
using general corporate purposes. Do we need more capital long term, so this is what 
is happening to the business, what we said is first choose the segments, we did that. 
Second, build out assets initial segments that were completely done most of it. Third, 
go out and expand organically in each of those, be ready for scale. So, if you go back 
and see that Vision 2030, the period in the middle is that scale readiness period where 
we say, because the product business is not the same, if I want to grow 30% doesn’t 
mean I have to go and hire 30% more people, I need to actually have  far lesser people 
but then I need to tie the whole thing end-to-end right from how we design, how we 
fine tune, how we manufacture even, we’ve got a bunch of manufacturing facilities 
for products in Southeast Asia as well as India, how we get the software side, how we 
get the operations right. So, need to get the whole thing fine-tuned as we really scale. 
So, we can see a situation where we have built out a lot of products and we are ready 
for scale from design to manufacturing, to software and we can deploy more than the 
amount of capital that the enterprise is kicking out. But, I would say if we ever reach 
that situation that would be to support growth rates more than the organic 25% to 
30% that we’ve been committing. So, the short story 25% to 30% to support that 
growth, I don’t think we need any excess capital.  
Suryansh: 
Thank you, sir. And one last question was that sir, are we also playing something on 
insurance side or not like we are in banking, are we playing in something in insurance? 
Ashish Rai: 
Not in any significant way at the moment, we’ve been talking to a few insurance 
clients in terms of supporting the digital efforts, and especially on the payment side, 
but we are in the US it’s by happenstance, but essentially we have become some sort 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
of a key link in the payment chain in the insurance business because of, our licensed 
technology being used by some of the very large payment facilitators to the insurance 
business in the US. So, we’ve been exploring some conversations in the insurance 
space around leveraging the payment technology further. But that’s not insurance 
domain offering that’s essentially a payment offering. It’s just that an insurer happens 
to use it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Sir we will take the next questions from the line of Paresh Doshi. One, 
Next Generation Treasury Application, NGTA, issuance of RFP, a pre-bid meeting for 
the captioned e-tender was conducted at 3:00 PM, on June 23rd, 2023. This was 
attended by the company, so when can we expect RBI license to operate as payment 
aggregator. Please throw light on the above two matter. 
Ashish Rai: 
I don’t think the two are linked. The information that you picked up on the 
participation in the RFP, if that is an open thing then just go by what it says, I’m pretty 
sure it doesn’t say anything about the payment licenses. So, the two things are not 
linked. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Umesh Matkar from Sushil Financial Services 
Limited. Can you explain on Revique Health Care SaaS platform, and how it fits to your 
current business model? 
Ashish Rai: 
Just on the previous one, I missed answering the second part of the question which 
was how long does it take for us to get the license? So, while I’m pretty sure that 
especially RFP point made and the payment thing is not linked, we are going through 
the process in terms of fulfilling the operational parameters that RBI needs for them 
to come in and do the inspection and do that right. So, that will take a few months 
before we get into that inspection. As we get to that milestone, we will inform in the 
right forum as we get there. So, coming to Revique, it’s a SaaS platform which focuses 
specifically on specialized kind of practices, we’ve built up a platform that if you are 
a specialized health practice, or a med spa you can actually use this as the main 
software to onboard new patients, to manage your practice and to enable all the 
payments around it. Now this platform has come out of an acquisition we did 12 
months ago, I may be wrong with the time, but last year which was called ‘Hello 
Patients’. And what we’ve done is, we’ve combined our payment technology, with 
some of the software that was getting built around Hello Patients, we completed the 
software, we completed large parts of it to be relevant to one part of the market and 
combine that with the payments technologies. And that’s what we’ve launched. So, 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
this is still a soft launch where we are going out and fine-tuning it for the initial set of 
prospects and clients and then we tend to push it a lot harder. Even if you go after 
just the med spa space in the US, that’s a huge space. And there is a clear edge we 
have on the payment side of things in terms of really enabling seamless transaction 
for the client. So, I believe we have some real value to add in terms of the experience 
that a client gets from the practice, both in terms of onboarding, regular user practice 
as well as the payment side. So, that’s essentially the play. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Mayur Damani, as an Individual Investor. 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers to team Aurionpro in spite of the biggies 
not able to deliver on a high base and business model. What is our strategic planning 
for future orders that is beyond 800 Cr and four quarters from now. Expanding in USA, 
MEA region and others? 
Ashish Rai: 
Okay, so thank you Mayur. I would not speculate on where the order book will be in 
12-24 months, I don’t think that’s really very relevant to our planning. For the next 12 
months, honestly we need very little sell and deliver to do the next 12 months. So, as 
I’ve said a few times in the past when we looked in the near term, which is four to six 
quarters, demand is less of a problem than capacity. What we need to get this our 
capacity in order, what we need to get is end-to-end make sure the chain is so tight 
that we are growing while enhancing our delivery of patient not putting it at risk as 
we grow too fast. So, the challenge for us is not that, in terms of new business that 
we really need to close to deliver the next 12 months that is a very small amount. And 
75% of that would come from the existing clients. So, it’s really not a big thing in terms 
of order book expansion. Over the longer term, we plan to grow at 25% to 30% 
revenue, roughly 1/3rd of our revenue every year is new revenue. So, which is basically 
needs to come from the sell and deliver. To deliver that 1/3rd, you typically need to 
sell about kind of 17% more than that. So, that is essentially what the sales numbers 
should be at. But the way we go is, we really go bottom up, we go product-by-product, 
we set a number of what we can take, honestly at the moment and then derive the 
revenue from that, and we will sell correspondingly what is near to deliver that 
number. I don’t think we are in a situation to really go all out and capture as much of 
sales as we realistically can. Because the way to look at it is this, in most of the 
segments we are extremely competitive, whether it’s transit, whether it’s banking, 
extremely competitive. So, if your limit is your ability to take business, not your ability 
to sell, you would want to calibrate sales to make sure you’re not sort of endangering 
the capacity. So, that is essentially what we are doing, it’s not blindly sell as much as 

 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
you can, it is decide how much you need to sell to deliver the 25% to 30% and then 
calibrate the sales there in terms of how much capacity you put on the field. Now, 
that does not take into account some of these new strategic partnerships that we 
formed, because honestly we don’t know what that would drive in terms of future 
sales. So, that is one sort of variable which we are not planning for at the moment, 
which may increase the amount of sales we may have to take. But we will sort of cross 
that bridge when we come to it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now 
hand the conference back to Mr. Ashish Rai for closing comments. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ashish Rai: 
So, thanks everyone for joining the call. Q1 was a good demonstrator of, I suppose 
the continued success of our strategy, the journey we are on is a long journey so one 
or two quarters do not really, they are not so material in the larger scheme of things 
other than as proof points to say whether we are going in the right direction in that 
sense Q1 was encouraging quarter for us. We will remain focused on delivering to our 
plan of growing 30% to 35% this year and maintain the margins that we are at. I look 
forward to seeing you in the next earnings call. Thank you very much. 
                              
 
 
 
                             This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain 
transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
