~z~·
.
PIVEnI
ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIES LTD.
,
+91120 4308000
+91
120 4311010/11
~ www.trivenigroup.com
Date: 1June, 2023
By E-filing
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
P.J. Tower,
Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
MUMBAI - 400001
MUMBAI - 400 051
Thru: BSE Listing Centre
Thru; NEAPS
STOCK CODE: 532356
STOCK CODE: TRIVENI
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 26" May, 2023
REF·TEIL:SE:
Dear Sirs,
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed
transcript of the Analyst/
Investor Conference Call
held
on 26" May,
2023
post
announcement of audited
financial
results of the Company for
the 4" quarter and
financial year ended on March 31, 2023.
The transcript is also available on the website
of the Company at www.trivenigroup.com
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd.
.1%t°
clri BALLA
Group Vice President &
Company Secretary
M.No.A9475
Encl: As above
Corporate Office: 8" Floor, Express Trade Towers. Plot 15 & 16, Sector 16-A, Noida, Uttar Pradesh -- 201301,
India.
Registered Office: A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extension, Noida-201 305, Uttar Pradesh. CIN No.: L15421UP1932PLC022174

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY 23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 and FY 23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you participating in 
Triveni Engineering & Industries Q4 and FY 23 Earnings Conference Call. We have 
with us today Mr. Tarun Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Suresh Taneja, Group CFO; Mr. Sameer Sinha, CEO Sugar Business Group as 
well as other members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature, and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite, which has been shared with everyone earlier. I would 
also like to emphasize that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner. We will commence the call with 
opening remarks from the management following an interactive Q&A session. 
 
May I now hand it over to Mr. Tarun Sawhney. Tarun, over to you. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: Thank you, Gavin. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and 
welcome to the Q4 and FY 23 results earnings call for Triveni Engineering & 
Industries Limited. We are extremely pleased with the performance of the 
Company for the year ended 31st March '23, where several milestones have been 
achieved. For example, the highest ever crush was in Sugar Season 2022-23, an 
increase of 11% year-on-year. A record, gross and net turnover of ₹6,310 crore 
and ₹5,617 crore respectively, with a strong performance across the board. Record 
alcohol production and sales, following our capacity expansion to 660 KLPD and 
an aggregate Engineering business revenue of over ₹500 crore and segment 
results of our Engineering business of over ₹100 crore is another significant 
milestone. 
 
It's a matter of satisfaction to see that the diversification of our profitability; Alcohol 
and Engineering business contributed to 51% of the total segment results in FY 23 
against 39% in the previous fiscal year. It's a healthy trend, and it's indicative of 
lowering the dependence on the Sugar business and more innovative management 
of the business risks. 
 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Turning towards the Sugar and Alcohol business. We had our highest sugarcane 
crush at 9.33 million tonnes for Sugar Season 2022-23, an increase of 11%, as I 
mentioned over the previous season. This was due to modernization and 
debottlenecking activities that were taken up in the previous off-season. 
 
Net recovery of 10.23% with 92% of sugarcane crush with B-heavy diversion in 
Season 2022-23 versus 84% in the previous season. There were lower recoveries, 
it is important to note, across the state of Uttar Pradesh this year. Significantly 
enhanced refined sugar production was another important point from the year 
under review, increasing from approximately 40% in Sugar Season 2021-22, to 
60% in Sugar Season 2022-23. 
 
Sugar exports contributed significantly to the profitability. We've achieved exports 
of 190,000 tonnes during FY 23 out the total export quota just out of 205,000 
tonnes for the year under review. In Q4 FY 23, just over 55,000 tonnes of physical 
sugar was exported. We had the highest ever alcohol production of 18.12 crore 
liters, which is an increase of 68% over the previous year due to additional 
capacities and expansions and very much in line, in fact, a little bit more than what 
we had forecast in previous earnings conference calls and declared earlier. The 
figure at that point was 18 crore liters. We estimate that for the Sugar Season 
2022-23, the nation will produce 32.8 million tonnes after a diversion of 4 million 
tonnes for ethanol, and 18% higher diversion from the previous Sugar Season. 
 
Turning towards the Engineering business highlights. As I mentioned, our 
combined business revenue of ₹500 crore plus, and the FY 23 revenues actually 
were ₹577 crore for both Water and the Power Transmission group growing by 
over 30% over the previous year. The combined profit before interest and tax 
crossed the ₹100 crore mark at ₹101 crore. And the overall outstanding order book 
stood at over ₹1,650 crore for the combined Engineering businesses. 
 
During the year, the Company also divested its entire stake in an associated 
Company, Triveni Turbine Limited to enhance shareholder value. Accordingly, it 
was followed up by a distribution of ₹800 crore to the shareholders under the 
Buyback Scheme of the Company, which was completed in March 2023, just a 
couple of months ago. The Board of Directors in the Board meeting held yesterday 
has recommended a final dividend of ₹3.25 per share, 325% for the FY 23. 
 
In addition, we have a significant development, an additional, incremental approval 
of ₹85 crore of capital expenditure for the Sugar business, which mainly includes 
the expansion in capacity of our unit in Sabitgarh by 2,000 TCD raising it from 
7,000 to 9,000 TCD. And with the proposed expansion, the total crushing capacity 
of the Company will be augmented to 63,000 TCD. 
 
So, looking at the financial highlights in brief. The notable changes for the quarter, 
of course, is a 52.5% increase in revenues compared to the previous 
corresponding quarter and for the fiscal year under review a 34.4% increase to 
₹6,310 crore of gross revenues. The EBITDA margin also improved quite 
significantly in the quarter from 16.6% in the previous corresponding quarter to 
18%. 
 
The PAT for the quarter under review also increased by 74.3% from a ₹109 crore 
to a ₹190 crore approximately. All the businesses have contributed to the growth 
boosted by higher sales. The sales volumes in the Alcohol business were higher 
due to the new distillation capacities that were commissioned during the year and a 
large multi-feed distillery at Milak Narayanpur and a grain distillery at our 
Muzaffarnagar complex. 
 
Profit before tax before exceptional items did decline marginally in FY 23 to ₹562.4 
crore, and this is primarily because of an export subsidy that was recognized in FY 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
22 of about ₹57 crore. The improved performance during FY 23 has been due to 
the substantial profitability of Sugar exports, which I have previously discussed. We 
managed to price our sugar at extremely attractive rates in December, January, 
and February and concluded at that time. Of course, prices went up quite 
substantially in February and later in March. But I think we're overall extremely 
happy with the realization and in comparing the realization that people have gotten 
across the country, I think we have fared extremely well from that particular 
campaign. 
 
The total debt of the Company on a standalone basis on the 31st of March 2023 
stood at ₹ 825 crore. This is a sharp reduction compared to the ₹1,504 crore on the 
31st of March 2022. The overall cost of funds for FY 23 was 5.1% versus 5% in the 
previous year.  
 
I'd now like to spend time on the individual businesses and discuss them in a little 
more detail. 
 
Turning to the Sugar business, six of our seven sugar units recorded their highest 
ever sugarcane crush in Sugar Season 2022-23. We successfully produced and 
exported large quantities, well over 100,000 tonnes of S-grain or rather EC2 grade 
sugar, which fetched excellent realizations as we were able to capture the whites  
margin for these products. Deoband unit post conversion to a refinery has 
stabilized very quickly and produced excellent quality refined sugar during the 
Sugar Season 2022-23. 
 
We've also produced the highest ever quantity of pharmaceutical grade sugar from 
our factory at Sabitgarh, which was expected. Six of the Company's units operated 
on B-heavy Molasses throughout Sugar Season 2022-23 and that leaves our unit 
in East Uttar Pradesh, which is quite far away, several 100 kilometers away in 
Ramkola, at Ramkola where we did not produce B-heavy molasses, and where we 
produce C-heavy molasses. The sugar export prices were at a considerable 
premium as I mentioned. And the export sale of 73,000 tonnes during the quarter 
was sold at a revenue of ₹29.42 crore. 
 
Domestic sugar prices have remained broadly stagnant over the last few months. 
They went up a bit, they came down a bit and now have stabilized pretty much at 
the same level as they were just a couple of months ago. Sugar inventory on the 
31st of March stood at 46.34 lakh quintals, which was valued at ₹33.7 per kilo. I 
would like to mention that the cogeneration operations of the business received 
sales of ₹63.8 crore, which was higher than the ₹62.4 crore in the previous fiscal 
year, an increase of about 2%. 
 
The current Sugar prices that prevail just now, sales that happened yesterday and 
this morning are approximately ₹3,680 to ₹3,700 per quintal for refined sugar and 
₹3,620 to ₹3,640 per quintal for sulphitation sugar. So, we've seen some amount of 
price increase that has happened over the last few days, few weeks or 10 days or 
so. Going forward, I see some further improvement certainly as we come towards 
the holiday season, especially when we go post monsoon, July, August, 
September, I would see prices increase slightly at that point in time. 
 
The performance of this Sugar season was quite dramatic and remarkable. As I 
mentioned, we had our highest ever crush of 9.33 million tonnes of sugarcane at a 
net recovery of 10.23%, this recovery was lower. The State’s recovery also was 
lower, the net recovery in the last season was 10.55%, but I think the more 
important numbers to look at is the gross recovery where you net off the B-heavy 
molasses etc. And previous season had a tiny little quantity of juice as well where 
we had experimented. The gross recovery for this season was 11.47% versus 
11.70% for the previous season So that's about 0.23% reduction year-on-year. And 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
I think this is broadly in line with what was experienced or what we thought we 
would experience certainly better than others in the state of Uttar Pradesh. 
 
I'd like to look at the industry scenario as well. ISMA has revised its production 
estimates for Sugar Season 2022-23 to 32.8 million tonnes and it has lowered it 
from 34 million tonnes. I think this is broadly a very realistic estimate of production 
in the country. As of the 15th of May, the country's production stood at 32.1 million 
tonnes, there are still a few factories that are running in the state of Uttar Pradesh 
at this particular point in time and there will be a small special season that will 
happen in South India, which will raise the total production to about 32.8 million 
tonnes. 
 
In essence, the nation has a sufficient quantity of sugar to do three things 
• 
Meet the domestic consumption requirements 
• 
Meet the requirements for the ethanol blending program  
• 
To feed the export market that we as an industry have painstakingly 
developed over the last few years 
 
I would like to point out that going forward, I see and we will discuss the weather in 
the next few minutes. But regardless of that, we will be able to accomplish these 
three very important things. India plays a critical role in the global sugar trade. And 
any absence of course, would be detrimental to India's interest and also will have a 
significant impact in terms of increasing global sugar prices. This is the Triveni 
perspective. 
 
Looking at the balance sheet of the nation. With the opening balance on the 1st of 
October, of about 5.5 million tonnes, this is our estimate. We estimate the closing 
stock would also be just a shade above 5 million tonnes of sugar, a sufficient 
amount where I see the campaign for the next Sugar Season 2023-24, starting a 
little bit early. We also have major festivals, which would allow for an easy start in 
North India most certainly. 
 
With an increased acreage and excellent rains in April and May '23, we are of the 
view that there are increasing chances of an El Nino impact, and this has been 
expressed by various metrological agencies. I think what's also important to 
recognize is the changes in weather patterns. This April, we had unseasonal cool 
weather across North India. Last March, we had unseasonal hot weather for the 
entire duration that continued. And we've also had inclement rain, at times that we 
don't have rain. This has an impact on sugarcane growth. This has an impact on 
recoveries. This has an impact on new forms of pests and disease that can 
potentially impact the sugarcane crop. And I think there has never been a more 
important time for us to be cognizant of all these weather events. It's not just El 
Nino, it’s the changes in weather, changes in overall temperature, increase in the 
average temperature, which is something that there is really no debate about. And 
the impact that that it has on sugarcane as a perennial crop across the country and 
of course, in the State of Uttar Pradesh. 
 
As you know, for Triveni, the majority of our sugarcane areas that are associated 
with our factories are located in river and well-connected canal systems, and 
they're supplemented by tube wells, bore wells and other irrigation methods. And 
therefore, there is a significantly lower likelihood for our farmers to get impacted by 
inclement weather or any rain impact to be precise. 
 
Turning to the international scenario, according to the International Organization for 
Standardization (ISO), in view of the global supply demand situation, being global 
sugar balance for 2022-2023 is a substantially reduced surplus. It anticipates a 
global surplus of about 1 million tonnes, just under a million tonne, down from 
about 4 million tonnes that it is estimated in February. The changes are driven by 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
increases in production in Brazil. However, the smaller increase in Thailand and 
lower estimates for India and Europe were the negative contributors to this. 
 
For 2022-2023 we must say that the balance situation is quite interesting. And I 
think the discussion should really move to a quarterly basis, where there are 
certainly points in time, if we divide up quarters into hemispheres where we see 
pockets of deficit and strong deficit that emerge. And even going forward, I think it 
bodes very well for export of Indian sugar that can easily be absorbed by export 
markets. 
 
International sugar prices have rallied quite substantially in calendar 2023. The 
New York number 11 broke $27 cents a pound, which was a multi-decade high. 
And actually, this is the highest since April 2012. On May 19th, 2023, the New York 
11 closed at $25.77 cents/lb, although yesterday, there was a little bit of a sell-off 
because of higher production numbers coming out of Brazil. But by and large, we 
are holding at much higher prices. And I think the fact that Brazil will have a record 
crop of sugarcane and a record production of sugar is something to the market has 
completely absorbed. And I think supply side shocks will lead this market higher. 
 
However, the correlation between international and domestic prices still eludes us, 
which, of course as a domestic sugar producer we would be happy with, but that 
doesn't really exist in this point in time. 
 
Turning towards the Alcohol business. We achieved the highest level of production 
of 18.12 crore liters. The additional capacities that were established, taking the 
overall capacity of the Company to 660 KLPD, and to high levels of efficiency and 
production. We have, of course, improved our realization also quite substantially as 
the prices have been raised by the Government of India, and you can see that in 
our results. Profitability margins have been impacted because of increased transfer 
price for B-heavy molasses and Bagasse. It's very important as Bagasse is the fuel 
for the distilleries and that price has been increased as the transfer price is linked 
to market price. 
 
Ethanol constituted 92% and 93% of alcohol sales in Q4 and FY 23, respectively. 
The sale of alcohol from sugarcane constituted 63% and 75% of total sales. And 
what that means really is that in Q4, 37% of sales of alcohol was from grain. And 
for the fiscal year, 25% of alcohol was grain. Going forward, I think we will look at 
about 35% from grain as a stable level, provided all things are equal. But it is 
important to mention that Triveni was clearly the first to set up a large multi-feed 
distillery. It absolutely critical, I think, in terms of our strategic positioning where our 
two new distilleries that will be coming up will also be multi-feed and it gives an 
enormous amount of flexibility and ability to be able to focus on the bottom-line, 
while making decisions on what feedstock to consume. 
 
The industry scenario is also quite positive. Out of the 518 crore liters that was 
finalized by the OMCs against a requirement of 600 crore liters, the contracts were 
for 514 crore liters. Against the above, 244 crore liters have been lifted till May 7, 
2023 which equates to a blending percentage of 11.65%, which is not bad. Target 
is 12%, and I think we will be pretty close to that 12% level. The largest contributor 
for this, of course has been ethanol supplies from the sugarcane industry. 
 
Turning to our Engineering businesses, I would like to start with our Power 
Transmission business, and then move to Water. For the Power Transmission 
business, we had an increase in turnover and profitability by 22% at just under 
20%, respectively. The profitability margins were sustained at 34 odd percent for 
the year. EBITDA margins being higher than that, it is actually higher than that. 
 
For FY '23, the order booking grew 5% and the closing order book about was 
17.7% higher than the previous year. The business has added 18 new customers 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
in the OEM segment, which is contributing towards growth and will contribute even 
more towards growth as these customers buy more and more. As you know, we 
have a very high degree of market share and so as we add more customers and 
those customers buy more from us, it bodes very well and certainly on the product 
side, we are confident that we will see substantial increases. 
 
In addition to our increases from export revenues that we are witnessing, not just in 
Q4, but in order booking that we experienced in Q4 and in the last portion of Q1 of 
this fiscal year. We had record profitability in the Power Transmission business of 
₹76.5 crore, which improved by almost 20%. 
 
Turning quickly to the Water business. The revenues have increased by 30%, 
driven by better execution. The orders that have been received in FY 23 stood at 
₹192 crore, excluding O&M orders. The business is actively targeting foreign 
projects. This is a change in the strategy of the Company, and it's important to talk 
about and the business is targeting projects where it possesses pre-qualifications 
and the funding is ensured through multi-lateral and reputed agencies. The order 
booking on the 31st of March stood at just under ₹1,400 crore, which includes just 
over ₹900 crore of O&M contracts, which are over a longer period of time. 
 
I'd like to dwell just a little bit on the outlook of our various business segments. In 
the Sugar segment, we are very much focused on varietal replacement and yield 
maximization programs. We are encouraging, large increases in the introduction of 
implements and equipment to enhance focus on intercultural operations and ratoon 
management. 
 
There are innumerable digital initiatives that have been undertaken in the digital 
platform of Triveni Engineering will be one of the most significant differences that 
the organization possesses when compared to peers and will allow us continued 
differentiation and productivity gains with the direct beneficiaries being our farmers. 
 
There's aggressive surveillance as well on pests and disease that is being carried 
out not just for this coming off season, but it has already started through the 
planting of the crops.  
 
Demonstration plots, we have over 1,800 demonstration plots, and these are 
showing our farmers what they can expect and how they can enhance their 
revenues. And with such a large scale of demonstration plots, we believe that we 
would have a significant impact, a show and tell impact, on our farming community. 
There's a huge improvement in other planting technologies as well. 
 
We also look forward to the Government's help in terms of increasing the minimum 
sale price of sugar, which has not changed in several years. And I believe we are 
certainly due to a change in Minimum Selling Price (MSP) of sugar and that 
support is quite important. 
 
Turning to the Alcohol business. In the Alcohol business, the production and sales 
volumes have increased substantially following the increase in distillation 
capacities. During the current year, the revenues from distilleries have contributed 
21% of our net turnover, and it will keep rising as we increase our distillation 
capacity from 660 KLPD to 1,110 KLPD. 
 
In the current ethanol tender for 2022-23, we have emerged as the second highest 
supplier in the nation. We have managed our ethanol sales planning very well. And 
presently, we have low levels of inventory. The setup of the Milak Narayanpur 
distillery operated with B-heavy molasses and syrup has been done very, very 
successfully. And it has had operating days of 325 in its first year, which is really 
quite a record. And we hope that with the two new distilleries we'll be able to better 
that. 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
Turning quickly to the new distilleries. We expect the Rani Nangal distillery to be 
commissioned at Q4 of this fiscal year and the Sabitgarh distillery thereafter. We 
have decided to do this sequentially, and this also meets the strategic objectives of 
the business where we can see what's happening with the pricing points from the 
Central Government. 
 
Looking quickly at the Power Transmission business, the outlook looks extremely 
positive. We're seeing growth from our OEM segment from steam turbines, from 
compressors and gas turbines, from pump segments. The domestic oil and gas 
sector is doubling its refining capacity by 2030. And therefore, we will be a direct 
beneficiary in terms of the gearbox requirements from all the aforementioned 
products. 
 
Infrastructure growth for steel sector, cement sector and waste heat recovery, 
again bode very well, not just domestically, but also internationally for our products. 
And we are also looking at market share gains in export markets as we focus on 
export revenues from our factory in Mysore. 
 
Within the Defence segment, the business expects increased order bookings from 
key segments during this fiscal year with many Request For Proposals (RFPs)  
coming up to conclusion in the next couple of months. The setting up of a 
dedicated multi-modal facility for our Defence products in Mysore is underway, and 
we anticipate that factory being commissioned during the course of this fiscal year. 
The land acquisition is now complete. And the preliminary work at site is already 
underway. 
 
Turning quickly to the Water business. After achieving success in Maldives and 
Bangladesh, the Water business is trying to expand its activities overseas. 
Domestic market opportunities are also increasing in the recycle and reuse spaces, 
and we are targeting these two segments quite aggressively. 
 
Besides this, the Company is also Public Private Partnership (PPP) exploring 
opportunities for sewage treatment plant on a PPP format. The outlook is positive 
for EPC and HAM projects, and this is driven primarily by large investments by the 
Government both at the State and the Central level. The market is witnessing 
increasingly more and more projects under the PPP, HAM models and the 
Company of course would seek to benefit from these changes in direction. 
 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to open up the floor 
for questions. 
 
 
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We 
have our first question from the line of Sanjay Manyal from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Hi Sir. Just have a few questions. I believe your FY 23 sugarcane crushing should 
be closer to 96 lakh tonnes. If you can just confirm that number and give us what 
would be the diversion towards B-heavy, C-heavy and the sugarcane juice 
perspective? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
You are asking about the next year, the forecast? 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
No, I'm asking about FY 23. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Yeah, the total crush is 95.5 lakh tonnes as you said. And the total sugar diversion 
during the season has been 11.57 lakh quintals. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
And we have not processed any juice for ethanol. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. So, 95.5 lakh tonnes and if you can just repeat, I'm sorry I didn't get that. 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
Sugar diversion has been 11.57 lakh quintals to ethanol. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. But can you give what would be B-heavy and what would be C-heavy, if 
there is no sugarcane juice in the percentage? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
We'll just recalculate that. But for the sugar season, we have already given it that 
92% of our crush has been towards B-heavy versus 84% in the previous year. So, 
it will be very close to about 90% or it will be largely yeah, 92% itself, it will be 92% 
itself. 
 
Operator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yeah, good afternoon Sir and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I had 
a question on why you have not produced any alcohol from juice. That was the first 
question, because the crushing season is now over. So, it's unlikely that there'll be 
any juice now in the financial year ‘24? So that was my first question. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, in fact, in the previous season, I stand corrected in Sugar Season 2021-22, we 
did produce a little bit because our distillery at Milak Narayanpur did consume 
some juice to make ethanol. And some of that has come into this fiscal year, but 
that was the previous season. For this season, we have not consumed any juice for 
ethanol at all. And the reason for that is simple, why we used it in the previous 
season was really to test the economics. And the economics are completely 
unfavorable. 
 
To give you an example, on B-heavy molasses, we're seeing margins of about ₹14 
per liter. We're seeing PBT margins on grain, this is the FCI rice that we purchase 
a majority of that, of ₹9 per liter. However, on juice, after sacrificing sugar, the PBT 
margin is ₹3 at a sugar price of ₹35 per kilo. And today's sugar price at ₹36 means 
actually the PBT margin would be even lower. And therefore, we are not under any 
compunction to process juice because we have multi-feed distilleries. So, we're 
able to actually use grain and secure higher returns on these assets than being 
forced to using juice. That's a clear strategic move by the Company, as I have 
mentioned on previous calls. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Sir, just a related question on this. What is that the margins are basically because 
of the transfer price. So, whether the profits are coming in the Sugar division or the 
Alcohol division, should we be really bothered about that? Because when you say 
markup at 35 or 36, the profits are going somewhere, right, instead of alcohol they 
going into the sugar division. And secondly sir, if you don't use juice during the 
season, are you confident of getting adequate grain during the next six months or 
so to be able to fulfil your requirements? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, a very simple answer to your question. The first point is that if your transfer 
price goes up, it will impact everything. It will impact B-heavy molasses, it will 
impact juice, it will impact C molasses, in case you consume that. So that is the 
standard. And pretty much everybody, their transfer prices are round about the 
same kind of range, when I compared to peers. But today, I'm here to only discuss 
Triveni's results, frankly speaking. So I don't see that your argument about transfer 
prices being one that will really move the needle very, very much. The profitability 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
on juice versus B-heavy molasses is what it is. It can change a little bit by some 
small increases in transfer price. But in transfer price, is linked to the market price, 
it doesn't move the needle very significantly. And the difference is quite acute. It is 
still substantially acute. 
 
To answer your second question in terms of grain, we function through Q2 and Q3 
of the fiscal year under review with large quantities of grain being purchased. The 
distilleries are in strategic locations where they are close to FCI depots. So, we are 
actually able to secure large quantums and have no fear of securing quantums of 
grain. And of course, we can always supplement it by damaged food grain as well. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And so, what would be your inventory of B-heavy molasses as of 31st March? And 
what is the valuation on that? Is it possible to share that figure? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm afraid, I don't have that number on me. You can take it offline. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay, sir. And my last question sir, is that the OMCs have only lifted 244 crore 
liters out on the contracted quantities, whereas more than 60% of the ethanol year 
is already over. So, is that any cause for concern? I mean, how should we read 
this? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Yeah, so that number has gone up as of the 22nd to about 254 crore liters. But that 
apart, we believe that they would be in a position to be very close to the number of 
525 crore liters, which they are targeting to achieve. Having said that, what is a 
little matter of concern is the fact that the grain ethanol lifting has been much lower. 
And if you look at that percentage versus the contracted quantum, that is much 
lower. So, from the sugar contracted numbers, we are very hopeful that we'll be 
able to achieve the numbers. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So, will that conflict with our strategy of using more grain or will that be a problem 
for us? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, I have commented for our nation as a whole it is not a comment for Triveni at 
all. Our contracts are secure. Our relationship with the OMCs are secure. These 
lower dispatches could be due to operational, banking, all sorts of different issues, 
capacities, etc. for stand-alone grain-based distilleries. This is not a comment on 
Triveni. We're confident of meeting our projected dispatch numbers. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, if I could sneak in a last question. You mentioned in your report that you 
expect the SAP prices to go up ahead of elections. Is that correct? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Well, I would -- I think conventional wisdom shows that when we come towards 
elections, sugarcane prices do go up. There is talk that the FRP will increase. And I 
think if the FRP increases for a couple of years, there may be an increase in SAP. 
The reason for us mentioning it is that we are cognizant that this may be an 
eventuality. And therefore, we have to plan for it. So, we have to look at how do we 
protect our margins in an environment, but there may be a possibility of an 
increase in our largest cost, which is the cost of cane. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Anupam Goswami from 
SUD Life. Please go ahead. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
Hi, Sir. Just wanted to get an update on the harvest and the recovery from the 
upcoming season, given the climate and the percentage of grade of sugarcane that 
we are using? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
So, in terms of the planting, our planting area is up by 5.5% in the planting which 
has just been concluded over here and which will be used for the upcoming 
season. In terms of cane development, Mr. Tarun Sawhney has already mentioned 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
about the various initiatives being taken up, and we'll be very proactively looking at 
the disease portion of pests and the diseases. And therefore, we are very confident 
that all things being equal, we should have a higher recovery and definitely the 
increase in the crushing that we are anticipating. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
As you mentioned, your strategy on having less on juice ethanol and if the industry 
goes that way, do we see again more of sugar surplus and subdued prices? I just 
wanted to get an update on the industry, how the industry is panning out on juice 
ethanol as we have not so much of an increasing our juice ethanol, how the 
industry, because that could affect our sugar surplus in the industry as well as the 
prices going forward? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes, you're right that everything is sort of interrelated. But it's not as acutely 
interrelated as you may be suggesting, prices are determined between demand 
and supply. We have a quota-based system. We have managed price increases 
over many, many years, having huge excess in production in the nation. So, I don't 
agree with your comment that prices decline for any reason, because there's more 
sugar that gets produced at all. In fact, it's quite to the contrary. And the experience 
shows that it is very, very much to the contrary. And therefore, I do not agree with 
your statement at all. 
 
With respect to your comment about juice, I think it's an individual corporate’s 
preference, a strategic decision that is taken. We at Triveni have taken a decision 
of expanding capacities and having multi-feed opportunities available to us, which 
we will then consider based on the relative pricing of each of its raw material, which 
is used. And so, we will have the ultimate amount of flexibility in making those 
decisions. That is the decision that we have taken. I can't really comment on any 
other corporate. 
 
Anupam Goswami: 
Sir, last one. Do we see any risk in rainfall and hence the recovery on this? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yes, we've already addressed the risks of weather. In fact, the last two questions 
have talked about weather as well. And that is a very palpable risk in today's 
environment. And it's not just about the potential El Nino in the summer. It's about 
weather for the next 12 months, because we do have rainfall that happens at 
inconsistent times. We have dry, hot, and cool spells that are happening, et cetera. 
So, there's a lot more to consider rather than just the monsoon, although the 
monsoon is the most important one, but there's a lot more to consider. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Shailesh Kanani from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Yeah, sir. Just a bookkeeping question. Sir, if you can share fourth quarter details 
of sugarcane crushed and recovery levels for the quarter? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
We're going to have to just take it out. You have to just bear with us. We've got our 
annual numbers and sugar season numbers with us. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Can I proceed to the next question then? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah, proceed to the next question, while we take out the numbers. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
And also, I wanted to know from our export quota, my calculation is showing some 
15,000 tonnes is yet to be booked, which is going to be booked in the first quarter. 
Is that right or? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
That is correct. It's already finished in the month of April itself. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Yeah, so it becomes the first quarter FY 24, right? 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Correct. And that will come into the quarterly results of this quarter. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay, thanks. Sir, one question on capital expenditure. Just to get a complete 
summary of it, the status, what we have done in FY 23 division-wise, like roughly in 
Sugar division, we have done a CapEx of around ₹300 crore, distillery ₹460 crore 
and PTB ₹180 crore. That is the roadmap of our CapEx, right? And so, can you 
please just give a breakup of what has been done in FY 23 segment-wise and what 
we are planning to incur in FY 24? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Okay. Broadly speaking, I will share the numbers with you. For the Sugar Business 
Group, you've got the numbers absolutely right. So, the Sugar Business Group, the 
total CapEx that has been approved by the Board over the last six results meetings 
has been ₹305 crore in three tranches of ₹130 crore that was incurred last year, 
₹90 crore that was approved at the last Board meeting or the one before the Board 
meeting yesterday and ₹85 crore of new CapEx that has been approved at this 
Board meeting. Now of this, the ₹130 crore was incurred last year. And of the ₹175 
crore from the last two Board meetings of CapEx, the majority of this will happen 
this year and about 30% to 35% would happen in the next year. 
 
For the Power Transmission business, we're looking at ₹80 crore last year which 
was incurred, and ₹100 crore, which will be incurred this year. For the Alcohol 
business, we are setting up two distilleries at an expense of ₹460 crore, the 
majority of which will be incurred in this year. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thanks a lot sir. That’s very helpful. Sir, can I squeeze in one more question? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Yeah. Let me just answer your first question. You had asked about the quarter four 
numbers for crush and for recovery. The crush is 4.63 million tonnes versus 4.11 
million tonnes in the previous corresponding quarter and the gross recovery is 
11.59% for Q4 FY 23. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Okay sir. Just one more question, sir. Sir, going ahead, what would seem to be 
your strategy with respect to crushing on the ethanol production side as we are 
increasing our capacity on the ethanol side, and we have taken a stand not to 
produce on juice with given rates. So, are we going to see more and more ethanol 
getting produced from the grains as a feedstock? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Absolutely, yeah, you are very right in that comment. The two new distilleries that 
are coming up are multi-feed distilleries, and we see them operating on grain. In 
fact, actually, there will be more B-heavy molasses because the crush we 
anticipate. We just spoke about the cane area going up, etc. There was a question 
previously talked about that. That directly means that there will be more sugar 
produced, there'll be more molasses produced which would be consumed by the 
distilleries. However, there will be a considerable portion of capacity that will be 
diverted towards grain. 
 
And as I had mentioned, 33% in Q4 of Alcohol produced was from grain. I see on 
next year, maybe on a medium-term basis, it will be about 33% to 35%. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello Sir, I would like to understand on our grain ethanol production, how much of it 
was done from the open market damaged food grain? How much was it done from 
the FCI route? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
6% of the grain that we procured was split grain, and the balance 94% was from 
FCI. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Got it, sir. So, our thought process would obviously be to get the maximum 
profitability. So, we'll only look to grow our damaged food grains where the prices 
are favorable. So, I want to understand the trend. So, by this mix, I'm 
understanding that the last quarter, it was not favorable to buy damaged food 
grains. Has it become more favorable right now? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Yeah, the prices have come down. And again, with the summer rise happening, the 
prices will again come down from September, October. But in between, let's say, 
the June, July, etc, will again be higher pricing. So these are the seasonal variation 
in the prices that we see. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Nitin, I think there will be greater buying opportunities this year versus last year for 
split grain, damaged food grain. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. Understood and once we buy damaged food grains, we have some of 
our plants which are capable of producing ENA and they have got licenses for 
producing ENA, will we go ahead with producing ENA from grain? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Yes, we have got the license to produce ENA from grain at our Muzaffarnagar 
facility and we'll do that depending on the attractiveness of the opportunity. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes. Last question, UP Government's excise policy was out and they are 
foreseeing or at least want to move from molasses-based country liquor to grain-
based country liquor, will the molasses-based country liquor reduce in which in turn 
will lead to more molasses being left over with the companies and not to be 
surrendered to the Government? Or do you think the consumption of liquor is 
growing so much that this molasses will continue to grow, and then there will be 
grain-based country liquor also coming in? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, the grain-based IMIL country liquor is only for one segment, 42.8% segment. 
The other two segments of 36% and 25% remain as molasses-based ENA. The 
overall liquor market in Uttar Pradesh with the massive cleanup that has happened 
is growing at a frenetic pace. So, I actually see the molasses that is right now being 
taken towards IMIL, called reserved molasses, all of that continuing at that level, 
unless the state government decides that we will move to a better-quality product, 
because grain-based ENA is a better-quality product. And offer that better-quality 
product to country liquor consumers even in the 36% and 25%. Our hope, of 
course, is that they do, do that, which means it will free up molasses for us to make 
ethanol. 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood, sir. And a very small question that would follow would be if that is the 
case or even if the case is as of today, with one segment being moved to a grain-
based ENA, aren't grain based ENA prices rising rapidly in Uttar Pradesh? 
 
Sameer Sinha: 
Well, they haven't been rising rapidly. They have been largely stagnant at about 
₹63 to ₹64 ex-factory inclusive of all taxes, and we supply on GST. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Resham Jain from DSP 
Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon team. So just on this topic of ethanol through syrup, 
which you have not adopted or not started this time and rather you produce 
through B-heavy. So obviously, at the industry level there must be a discussion on 
this side, because next year a lot of other distilleries would also like to do it, if the 
equation remains similar to this year, which means that the overall availability of 
ethanol may not increase. So, what kind of industry discussions are happening on 
this front with Government? Any color? 
 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, you've asked a very interesting question, actually. The Government in its 
determination and deliberations is aggressively pushing grain-based distilleries. In 
fact, there was recently an enormous seminar where they were looking at other 
food crops and the propagation of maize on a very large scale as a fuel crop, 
frankly speaking as an energy crop. 
 
The sugar industry will always be the bedrock, whether the Government voices it or 
not, it will always be the bedrock. 60% at minimum was what was envisaged in the 
master plan on E20 several years ago. I don't see that number changing very 
much. Today, there's a very small quantity as my colleague said that it's going from 
grain, much smaller quantity than what was envisaged. But with the push by the 
Central Government and more distilleries coming up, we will certainly see that. We 
will see more ethanol being produced from grain sources. 
 
I see the discussion today in terms of quantity. So, I think until we reach E20. This 
is my personal view and not the Government's view. My personal view is that we 
have to get sufficient capacity set up across the country. The ethanol 
manufacturing capacity in the country is right now significantly lower than 20% 
level. We need to be able to build that, whether that happens through the 
sugarcane ethanol route or to the grain ethanol route. Those are very discrete 
discussions, and they vary based on what the price is offered by the Government 
and the direction of price. 
 
But I think the Government from its perspective, needs these capacities to come 
up, and that's what we're going to see up to 2025-26. We're going to see a large 
number of distilleries come up. At present, the greatest majority of distilleries are 
grain-based plants. You can see that with the loan applications that are lying in 
front of DFPD. But it's a complex scenario that will change based on pricing. And in 
fact, the only determinant that will move the barometer between grain and 
molasses/juice is going to be pricing. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, understood. Sir my second question is beyond '24, I think will have a very 
large ethanol capacity, we are debottlenecking our sugar capacity as well. Is there 
more to do with the existing capacity in terms of ethanol or sugar debottlenecking? 
Or we need to look beyond what we have currently for the next leg of growth and 
CapEx? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
So, you've asked a fantastic question. I mean, yes, of course, to grow more will 
require more CapEx. There's no doubt about that. But with these aggressive 
sugarcane development programs that we have underway, which take a period of 
time because the growth in the first and second year is limited. The growth in the 
third year is more palpable, harder and more recognizable, but the growth in year 
four and five is astounding. That's where the real benefit kicks in.  
 
And we have just started these aggressive programs, which means that the 
quantum of cane that we are envisaging for the future will increase, which means if 
we want to hold on to that cane, we will have to enhance our capacities and it will 
not just be about debottlenecking, because we are already operating at 180 days, 
around about 180 days plus. We can extend it to maybe 200 days, but you really 
don't want to extend it to 200 days. You want to curtail your season at 190-195 
days to be able to take advantage of the weather conditions. The moment you 
cross 190-195 days, you get into excessively hot weather, which is inopportune as 
you see recovery decline. So therefore, you will have to enhance capacities and 
that will happen with some CapEx going forward. And of course, the more you 
crush, the more molasses you have, potentially the more juice you have, and 
therefore, that feeds directly into your distilleries as well. 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. Just a related question. You mentioned about 1800 demonstration plots. So, 
any color if you can give what is the average, let's say, yield which a farmer is 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
getting on an average and versus what you are showcasing to them, how much 
difference is happening because of that? So, let's say five years out, if more and 
more farmers adopt these new practices, what kind of improvement one can see? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
It's an excellent question. At this particular point in time, we're seeing up to 40% 
higher yields. We are hoping to increase our yields in our own demonstration plot 
so that the difference goes up to 50%. In terms of all the other plots versus the 
1800 that we have and that we hope to prove out in this planting season. The 
reference plots that we have for this season should have an increase of 50% on 
average when compared to the area that we buy sugarcane from. So that's a pretty 
significant increase. And we think the cascading effect, the show and tell impact 
that we will have will be quite significant. Will everybody be able to achieve this 
50% increase? I doubt that very much. But even if it has a partial improvement, I 
think that has an enormous impact on sugarcane availability. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ambar Taneja from 
Geomatrix. Please go ahead. 
 
Ambar Taneja: 
I had a slightly different question. It seems to me that basically this entire business 
on the sugar side is regulated from what you can buy, how much you have to pay. 
Even on the ethanol side, your buyers are mostly OMCs, which are Government 
controlled, etc. So, it seems on the sugar side, one of the ways to kind of get out of 
this whole control thing is to sell sugar, which is not regulated in price or not subject 
to a commodity kind of scenario. So, I think you've been making some efforts on 
pharma sugar, refined sugar, etc. Could you talk a little bit about that to get alpha 
on the sugar side? And also, your non-sugar businesses, which are, of course, 
completely deregulated have reached a fairly sizable revenue number. Any plans 
to not demerge today, but in a year or two to unlock value? Because I feel the 
Company is doing really well, great corporate decisions are being taken, but the 
value in the market is quite low. Any comments? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Sure. Let me start off with your first question about getting alpha. You're right. From 
a strategic perspective, a lot of the work has happened at both ends, maintaining 
costs and reducing the cost of production and also enhancing our sales price. 
When we look at sales price, we have moved from 40% refined sugar with 2.5% 
pharmaceutical grade sugar to 60% refined sugar with 5% pharmaceutical grade 
sugar. The CapEx that we have in place right now will further enhance it to 70-75% 
refined sugar with more pharmaceutical grade sugar also in play. 
 
The only difference I would like to say is two things. The first thing is that all of this 
is still subject to the controls and regulations that are in place, the monthly release 
mechanisms by the DFPD. But that's not a bad thing. I would like to sort of state 
this. In fact, that's absolutely fine. And what has been shown, is even in an industry 
that has controls the ability to be able to generate revenue to improve alpha, et 
cetera, is not something that is hindered by the Government, but it's encouraged 
those discussions are happening very actively. The Government encourages 
people to find new and innovative ways of improving that alpha, as you very rightly 
put it. 
 
I would also take examples of other industries where there are enormous controls, 
for example, petrochemicals and oil and gas, huge amounts of control, where they 
actually generate fantastic margins and are able to operate within that system of 
control. So, I think the controls will make that much of a difference any longer. In 
fact, if anything, they're very productive and they safeguard the interest of the 
industry. They ensure that you have continued periods of profitability. 
 
And the ominous sugar cycle that used to exist, which has been very clearly and 
definitively broken in the last seven to eight years, at least. That is one of the 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
reasons for that, of course, is the foresight of the Central Government. So that's a 
very, very big positive. And in answer to your first question. 
 
In answer to your second question about the Engineering business. Very quickly, 
there are no plans on demerging the companies. However, I would like to state that 
we've actually achieved many significant milestones in both the business in terms 
of revenues and profitability. And we have invested in the future. So, we have 
created that capacity to be able to grow quite substantially. 
 
Now it's about us developing those new partners, developing those new 
opportunities. All that process has already happened in FY 23. So, in FY 24, the 
expectation really has to be how much can you grow? And how quickly can you 
grow? And how quickly can you get these new expansions that you've invested in 
complete, etc., it's going to take this year to get all of that done. But we will be 
stronger for it. We're seeing increases in order booking that are coming from newer 
geographies, etc., which is very, very promising in both the Power Transmission 
and in the Water business where we're looking at international customers. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aman Sonthalia from AK 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Hi Sir. Sir, what is the average gross recovery for the season? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
The gross recovery for the season is 11.47%. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
11.47%. And, we have taken the valuation at ₹33.75. So, for that valuation, what 
was the price of molasses and the bagasse has been taken? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I'm afraid we don't really declare the transfer for price, that we keep Bagasse at. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
Okay. And sir, now it is every Company is working on steam saving. So, what is the 
steam consumption of our company? And what work is going on to further save this 
steam? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I think that's an excellent question that you've asked in the CapEx is that we have 
that hasn't been approved by the Board in yesterday's Board meeting and the one 
before that, are a lot to do with steam economies, et cetera. So, as you know, we 
have three factories that were set up in 1934. And then four factories that was set 
up in 2005, 2006, 2007. So, the steam economies of the four versus the three are 
quite dramatically different. Plus, you must also remember that when you move 
towards refined sugar, it does take 1%, 1.5% extra steam, maybe 2% steam as 
well. But there are all efforts in terms of massive steam reduction by automation 
and also by process improvements that are in place across all seven of the 
factories. And so, we do expect the amount of bagasse savings to improve quite 
considerably. 
 
I'm not in a position to assign a number to it at this call today. However, I would like 
to share with you in abstract terms that that is something that is definitely 
something that we are working on. And we've already seen from last year's CapEx, 
some improvements. This year, we expect a very substantial improvement in terms 
of our steam economies and commensurate bagasse. 
 
Aman Sonthalia: 
And sir, one question. A number of companies are making profit by selling potash, 
by selling CO2 and also getting revenue from selling this REC. So how much profit 
we are generating on this steam side? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
I don't think we've given a number for this, but we are selling, we are doing all of 
the above as well. They merged into our financials. I don't have the numbers as 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
separate to share with you. But you should know that we are engaged in all three 
activities. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sanjay Manyal from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Yeah, sorry my line was dropped. So, I couldn't really complete my question. So, 
my basic question was, what kind of quantities we are looking in terms of ethanol 
production in FY 24 and 25. And the composition of that in terms of B-heavy and C-
heavy. I know that you have mentioned 35% is grain. But other than that, how 
much would be the B-heavy and C-heavy? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
The other portion, C-heavy we don't use. It will be all B-heavy. And in terms of total 
production, we're looking at well higher than 21 crore liters for FY 24. And then, of 
course, based on the actual commissioning of the two new distilleries, the region 
will be somewhere between 28 to 32 crore liters for the following year. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Understood that. And Sir, given the fact that you will see a significant 
increase in the ethanol volumes in the next two years, so generally, our overhead 
expense, is it because of the conversion cost overhead spends will also 
significantly increase next two years? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, I don't think so. I think we will have -- we will benefit from efficiencies. So, one 
of the two plants, for example, is an expansion at our Sabitgarh facility, which is 
going from 225 KLPD to 450 KLPD. So that will benefit the operating costs over 
there will be shared over a larger production facility, etc. And plus, we, ourselves 
as we're operating more and more distilleries, are able to improve our conversion 
costs, especially at the operating level. And those benefits will certainly creep into 
the business. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. And one just bookkeeping, what would be our income tax rate for '24 and 
'25? 
 
Suresh Taneja: 
It is 25.17% under the new tax regime. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Understood. And if I could just ask one last one. You have mentioned that 
India level sugar inventories would be closer to 5 million tonnes, whereas I think 
earlier Government has, I think, restated the opening stock at 7 and probably could 
go down to 1 million. So, there is a huge difference between what the Government 
has been mentioning. And we don't really know what exactly the inventory level 
would be. What is your outlook on the sugar prices in the next three, four months, 
given that the actual inventory could be much lower than what the Government is 
stating. And do you see any possibility of, suppose, if there is a drastic reduction in 
inventory level import probably in October, November? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
No, no, that is absolutely out of the question. We have more than enough sugar for 
the country this year. We have more than enough sugar for consumption next year. 
In fact, we have enough sugarcane to meet the ethanol blending program 
requirements, which will be raised next year and we have enough sugar for 
exports. So, there's no fear of that at all. However, I do see a little bit of tightening, 
but we'll see some increases in sugar prices from where they are today. 
 
The fact that the matter is at the closing balance is a book number. There is also a 
pipeline stock. And that pipeline stock, we anticipate least a 1 million tonne at the 
end of September 2023. So that also has to be factored in as available sugar for 
consumption. So, in answer to your question simply, we have enough sugar, but 
we do see some positive buoyancy in terms of pricing. 
 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shailesh Kanani from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Thanks a lot again for the opportunity. Just one question. How are you placed in 
terms of expanding our ethanol facility, means have you selected the vendor for the 
new facility what we are going to setup. And is the timeline same, we are expected 
to complete the expansion plans by fourth quarter FY 24? 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Excellent question. For our Rani Nangal distillery, we certainly expect to have that 
plant commissions in Q4. The vendors have been selected. The land has been 
acquired, I mean, the process is underway. The execution is underway. For 
Sabitgarh, as I mentioned earlier, we're doing it in a sequential manner. So, it will 
happen straight after Rani Nangal, and this is for strategic reasons and looking 
very much at what is going to happen if anything, in terms of pricing, etc. 
 
We expect that facility, as I mentioned, sequentially to come up straight after Rani 
Nangal and that may very well creep in to the first quarter of the next fiscal year. It 
may not be by the end of Q4. But all of that is up for grabs. We could accelerate 
that project as well and try and have it concluded in Q4. But we have that 
nimbleness and flexibility of when we're going to be operating. And at that plant, 
we'll be operating on grain. So, there isn't that extreme urgency that it has to be as 
early as possible during the sugar season, at least to start off with. And it will have 
the flexibility to be able to consume molasses or any other sugarcane by product. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Tarun Sawhney: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us for the FY 23 
results for Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited. It's a pleasure talking to you. 
We've had a historic year for us, all businesses firing on all cylinders. The 
expectation is that this will continue for FY 24 as well. I think what is critical over 
the next few months is the monsoon and the impact of that. By the time we have 
our next call, perhaps we will not have the full impact of monsoons, but we will 
certainly know with a greater degree of certainty what we're seeing in terms of 
production, what we're seeing in terms of yields for the sugarcane crop across the 
nation. And in that particular point in time, we will see the changes in terms of order 
booking as well for the engineering business. 
 
I hope to come back to you with like this time with positive news across all the 
businesses. And I look forward to speaking to you in a few months. Thank you very 
much and have a good afternoon. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Engineering & Industries Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer:  
This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with 
published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event, but should not be 
treated as an authoritative record. 
