 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited (Formerly known as Vedant Fashions Private Limited) 
Registered office: Paridhan Garment Park, 19, Canal South Road, SDF-1. 4th Floor, A501-A502, Kolkata: 700 015, Phone: +91 3361255353 
Email: info@vedantfashions.com Website: www.vedantfashions.com CIN: L51311WB2002PLC094677 
 
 
Aug 1, 2023 
 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
To,  
Dept. of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited   
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
NSE Symbol: MANYAVAR 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543463 
 
Madam / Sir,  
Sub : 
Transcript of the Conference Call of Q1FY24 
Ref : 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended 
(“Listing Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated July 21, 2023 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, this is to inform 
you that the transcript of the Conference Call organized and held on Thursday, July 27, 2023, in 
relation to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 
(Q1FY24), is hereby enclosed and the same is being made available on the Company's website. 
The transcript can be accessed on the Company’s website from the link given below: 
https://www.vedantfashions.com/investor-presentation 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same on your 
respective websites. 
Thanking you, 
For, Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
 
_____________________ 
Navin Pareek  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Memb. No.: F10672 
 
 
 
 
Encl – As above 
NAVIN 
PAREEK
Digitally signed by 
NAVIN PAREEK 
Date: 2023.08.01 
17:56:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
  
 
 
“Vedant Fashions Limited 
  
Q1 FY '24 Results Conference Call” 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VEDANT MODI – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED. 
 
MR. RAHUL MURARKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VEDANT FASHIONS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAURAV JOGANI – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vedant Fashions Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you, Seema. Hello, everyone. At Axis Capital, it is our pleasure to welcome you all to 
Vedant Fashions Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. From the management, we have with 
us Mr. Vedant Modi, Chief Marketing Officer; and Mr. Rahul Murarka, Chief Financial 
Officer. Thank you, and over to you, Vedant. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all the participants. I am Vedant 
Modi, the Chief Marketing Officer of the company. Thank you for joining us today to discuss 
the Vedant Fashions Limited Quarter 1 Financial Year 2024 results. I hope everyone got an 
opportunity to go through our financial results and investor presentation, which have been 
uploaded on the stock exchange as well as the company's website. 
In this quarter, we continue to increase our retail footprint, which is the dominant channel for 
our company. As of June 2023, Vedant Fashion's EBO area stands at 1.56 million square feet, 
spanning 662 stores in 260 cities and towns globally. The national EBO footprint tally is at 646 
stores spread across 248 cities and towns. In this quarter, we opened net square feet area of 
around 85,000 square feet across 13 exclusive brand outlets in India. 
We've also opened company's largest flagship store of around 22,000 square feet in the 
Bangalore city. We have a strong and healthy pipeline for new rollouts planned for the 
remaining part of the financial year. We feel proud to share that we have launched Twamev. 
Twamev empowers individuals to extend their true selves through captivating attires and the 
philosophy of being uniquely you. We have opened 3 Twamev exclusive outlets in this quarter 
as well, aggregating to 22,000 square feet area cumulatively. These Twamev EBOs have 
opened across 3 cities as per our strategic market expansion plan. 
We have brought in French consultants to design the experience in these stores to provide an 
atmosphere of elegance and individuality while considering consumers' psychographics of the 
target group. We have also launched women's wear in Twamev. The product mix and 
operations for Twamev have been built on the tried and tested algorithmic data sets of 
Manyavar and Mohey utilizing the 2 decades of data we've been able to collect. 
We are seeing great response from the customers, which furthers our confidence in the strategy 
that was planned for Twamev. Vedant Fashions is India's largest wedding and celebration wear 
company and the branded Indian wedding and celebration by market. It is pertinent to note that 
we are predominantly a wedding focused business. In a given period, wedding dates can shift 
over months or quarters based on astronomy. In this particular quarter also, as expected, we 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
witnessed significantly lower wedding dates compared to the same quarter in last year, which 
got reflected in our performance as well. 
Since last year, quarter 1, rather H1, being the first clean normal period after COVID had a 
very strong surpassing effect as well, coupled with promising wedding dates as well, which 
resulted to a very good H1 of last year, doing around 42% of full year business, which is 
typically a lot higher than any other normal year. We expect this to normalize in the current 
financial year and majority of the sales will be driven by a strong H2 period. 
In this quarter, we have strongly focused on further enhancing our business dynamics in line 
with providing better consumer experience through a renewed digital interface website, larger 
than life super flagship store launches, brand launch of Twamev and further expanding the 
retail footprint in existing dense and new markets strategically. We have also focused on 
category-specific marketing for our kids category and for our womenswear brand Mohey by 
partnering with marquee events like Femina Miss India and a lot of influencers as well. 
These efforts, coupled with the strong moats, which we have established over a period of time 
have continuously led us to maintain industry-leading margins and return metrices. We have 
reported PAT margins of 29.5% in the first quarter of financial year '24 as well. We are very 
positive with the business outlook and are optimistic and fully prepared for this financial year 
as a whole, with wedding and festive seasons ahead in this year. 
With this, I will now hand it over to Mr. Rahul Murarka to take you through the financial 
performance of our company. Thank you. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Thank you, Vedant. Namaskar and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to highlight the key 
financial metrics for Q1 of FY '24 based upon the consolidated financial statements. During 
Q1 FY '24, the company reported revenue from operation of around INR312 crores and sale of 
our customer is around INR422 crores. The revenue and related metrics during the quarter got 
impacted due to significantly lower wedding dates compared to Q1 of FY '23. 
Moreover, Q1 FY '23 was the first full clean year after COVID coupled with full-fledged 
wedding season. Hence the base period of Q1 FY '23 was not a normal period to compare 
performance in Q1 of FY '24. On comparing our performance in Q1 of FY '20, which was a 
normal quarter coupled with high wedding dates, our revenue from operations grew by approx. 
52%. The company continues to report industry-leading gross margin of around 66.8% during 
Q1 of FY '24. The EBITDA margins are around 47.7% and EBITDA stood at around INR149 
crores during Q1 of FY '24. 
The company reported strong PAT margin of 29.5% during Q1 FY '24, and the profit after tax 
stood at around INR92 crores. Moreover, the PAT generated during the trailing 12-month 
period of June ‘23 is about 135% of net working capital employed. Further, the company also 
witnessed growth in PAT by across 65% in Q1 of FY '24 over Q1 of FY '20 based upon 
internal management MIS. 
The company continue to generate significant cash driven by a healthy cash conversion ratio. 
During Q1 of FY '24, the company reported cash conversion ratio of approx. 78%, which has 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
been computed based upon operating cash flow over PAT. We have been also able to achieve 
industry-leading ROCE of 91% during the trailing 12-month period ended June ‘23. 
We have continued to maintain efficient working capital days of around 85 days based upon 
TTM and June ‘23 period, which is computed based upon internal management MIS format. It 
would be more relevant to review our business performance metrics at an annual level. Since 
performance in a particular quarter may vary based upon spread of wedding dates across the 
year. We are hopeful and positive for H2 and full year as a whole, owing to wedding and 
festive seasons in H2 during this financial year. 
Thank you, and namaskar everyone. We can now move to the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We take the 
first question from the line of Mr. Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
A couple of questions from my side. Vedant in your opening remarks, you spoke about the 2 
decades of data that we have. So I was just curious to know that in past in the years where we 
have the Adhik Maas in Hindu calendar. How does the demand play out in the balance part of 
the year? Do we see a very unusual pent-up demand for the balance part of the year? Or it's a 
kind of a business which gets lost and it kind of devolves into the next year wedding season. 
Vedant Modi: 
So I guess the last time this happened was quarter 1 of FY '17. So in FY '17, what we saw that 
again, May, June had a bad wedding period and there were low wedding dates, and we saw a 
double-digit degrowth in Q1. However, we ended the year quite strong with almost 16%, 17% 
approximate of revenue growth in that particular financial year as well. So there was a double-
digit degrowth but ending the year with a positive note. So yes, there was a spillover effect in 
H2 of that particular financial year and almost 65% of the business, 66% of approximately of 
the business was done in H2 compared to H1 in that particular financial year. 
Tejash Shah: 
And second and last question, you spoke about Twamev. So just wanted to understand a bit of 
KYC on Twamev clientele, usually, which income group or with Strata, they come from? And 
how do they discover the brand and how you discover them as a customer because route to 
market won't be the usual one? And how does the branding and designing philosophy changes 
versus our rest of the portfolio over here? And that's the last question. 
Vedant Modi: 
So in terms of Twamev in terms of our clienteling, from a marketing perspective, Manyavar’s 
TG stands at about INR5 lakhs to INR50 lakhs, whereas we see that the Twamev target 
audience would have an annual income of about INR50 lakhs upwards of INR3 crores to INR4 
crores. So that is the kind of Twamev target audience we want to cater to. And in terms of 
reaching out to the consumers -- for the starter, the stores that we are opening in itself are the 
most amazing stores that we've ever opened. 
So if any one of you have time, I mean, I really think you must visit our store in South ex-
Delhi, which has very recently opened. And that store shines in the best wedding market of 
India. And so these stores in itself are the best from of marketing, in my view. On the other 
hand, we've also hired the best of the creative agencies, and we're going to be out with the 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
brand film well very soon. So we will have a digital/offline presence for the brand that we will 
target the higher income strata of each of these cities in order to get them to visit the store. 
If you visit Twamev social media as well, you will find that we had an amazing launch event 
for a Bangalore store, which was the first one we did, and we were able to bring in almost 100-
plus high-net-worth individuals who all came in and circles typically for HNI group in a city 
are small. So even bringing in 100 of them can do a lot of noise. And we've seen that sort of 
store opening having great results from the kind of store sales, we're now able to achieve and 
Bangalore itself. 
From a design philosophy point of view. I think we continue to follow the methodology of a 
bottoms up approach. So the consumers' demands in Twamev are slightly different, but we 
continue to learn from the consumers to develop those designs in-house and then serve them to 
our stores. So that's a very similar strategy of a bottoms-up approach designing, which is 
something we will continue with. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. And then just on associated question. So this clientele requires a very comes with a very 
different service aspirations and luxury as a theme is relatively new to India. So where do you 
go to hire the talent for this kind of engagement? And -- or are you planning to kind of develop 
that organic team within the talent pool that we have already? 
Vedant Modi: 
Absolutely, great question. So given the fact that this talent is very scarce, what we are looking 
for is individuals who have great communication skills. And then what we are able to do is 
teach them out to the art of selling Indian wear and teach them the art of service. So we are 
actually scouting for people from across places like hospitality, etcetera. 
And I must say that the best way to explain this is if you visit the store itself, you will find that 
Manyavar has always been a one-on-one experience where you have one fashion advisor 
catering to one client. However, in Twamev, it's a 2 on 1 experience. So what we are trying to 
do is you have one fashion stylist along with a fashion advisor to help you with your purchase 
decision. And the whole idea is to only inspire you and selling is an outcome of inspiring you.  
At the same time, from a hospitality perspective, we've worked a lot in terms of the kind of 
service levels you want to have at the store. So we brought in hospitality experts to be 
available at the store. We have a very good refreshment menu and sector, which has also been 
worked upon. So I think the best way would be to show it to you practically -- and if you have 
to get any chance, please to visit any of the stores that have already opened up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Firstly, I have two -- so firstly, on this 22% same-store sales decline. Just wondering is there a 
wide divergence where you can -- in stores where there is some organized competition form 
that has come up in recent times versus stores where there is no such organized competition in 
the vicinity. Can you give some color on that aspect would be helpful? 
Vedant Modi: 
Absolutely. Thank you for that question. So we monitor organized competition extremely 
closely. And from the perspective of anywhere there is organized retail that has opened next to 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
our store, the impact is not at all different from the other stores that are in our fleet this 
slowness was seen overall across the industry, across the fleet of stores. I think one very 
interesting piece of data here is that traditional markets are typically the most impacted in a 
weak wedding date quarter? So these are markets like Bihar, Orrisa, Andhra Pradesh. Now in 
these markets, actually, none of the organized retails have even entered. Maybe there's 1 or 2 
stores, but primarily, they have not even entered these markets, which were the highest 
impacted markets for us for this quarter. 
Sameer Gupta: 
That's very helpful, sir. Secondly, on this pickup in 2H in the hope, is this more of a statement 
of hope at this point because the discretionary consumption across the board is struggling. And 
apart from wedding dates, is there any other trigger that you're hopeful for? And are we still 
good with our mid- to high single-digit SSS growth guidance for the full year? 
Vedant Modi: 
So in terms of saying that this is a hope, I mean, definitely, we are hoping for the best. But at 
the same time, this is a trend we've seen in multiple years across the past. And our business is 
more focused on wedding dates, because wedding is one event where this is not a purchase 
decision being made like in the short term. 
This is something that families plan for years before the purchase decision has been made. 
That being said, it is not that a business. It does not have any impact at all of low consumer 
sentiment. There is definitely some impact, but it is much lower compared to the rest of the 
consumer discretionary players. In our case, it's more to do with the wedding dates. 
Also, in terms of we, as a company, do not give any guidance -- our endeavor is always to 
achieve mid- to good single-digit sort of a SSSG number. And that is something which we will 
endeavor to achieve in the long term. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Just to add upon, I mean, when it comes to weddings, we are part of essential category. And as 
it has been evident during COVID years also, demand in our case, does not get destroyed. It 
only gets deferred. So that is one positive situation in case of our business, which will play a 
very important role in H2, which we have been also focusing on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Saumil from Kotak Life. 
Saumil: 
Two questions from my side. One is for the quarter. And going forward, how should we look 
at Mohey's contribution? And now do you believe it's a format where it can actually stand by 
on a well be addressed in and basically invest that into that part of the business for the next 3 
to 4 years? 
Vedant Modi: 
So in terms of Mohey, like we've been talking about in our previous earnings call as well, 
we've been seeing increasingly better demand for the product at our stores. The consumers 
have been responding to Mohey in a very good way. Our conversion rates have improved and 
so have our supply chain metrics. However, all of these trends have been seen in the Manyavar 
and Mohey retail concept. When it comes to the Mohey exclusive brand outlet concept, that is 
something that we are aggressively working on in terms of coming out with our first flagship 
Mohey EBO. It's in the pipeline. 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
The whole idea and our research was that for a bride, the magical moment of when she puts 
her first lehenga is extremely important. And so we've been truly trying to create a fantastic 
store in order to give her that feeling because this is the retail ID, which we will be then 
expanding and taking into other cities and different sort of business development strategies. So 
we continuously are working on it. And hopefully, we will be out with the first EBO in early 
Q3 and be able to see the H2 season with that flagship along with a few other pilot stores that 
we will open in the financial year as well. 
So once we have data of how the exclusive brand outlets are performing, that is when we will 
be a little more comfortable in saying how we want to expand Mohey as a stand-alone concept. 
However, we are very confident of the brand now, and we see great potential in the overall 
industry and the brand itself. 
Saumil: 
So for the quarter, which went by Vedant not getting into specific numbers, but between the 3 
large formats, Manyavar, Twamev and Mohey, which parts are more set over the other are the 
qualitative that would be of retail property. 
Vedant Modi: 
So I couldn't get you properly, sir. Can you please repeat the question? 
Saumil: 
So in terms of, obviously, the quarter which went by, we had a decline both in revenues as well 
as terms of SSFG between the 3 formats, what we have, Manyavar, Mohey and Twamev, 
which did well versus others in terms of which part of the [formats] saw more stress and 
decline? 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure. So in terms of Twamev because we opened 3 exclusive brand outlets for the first time 
spanning 22,000 square feet area Twamev definitely saw a good level of growth in the quarter 
as well, just from the pure having a small base last year and us opening 3 EBOs and also 
increasing store presence. On the other hand, Mohey also had decent growth, slow but decent 
growth, and that is also because Mohey's presence got increased in 7 new flagship stores as 
well.  
So that is how I would put it. So the contribution of our other brands apart from Manyavar is 
definitely increasing. However, not commenting on this particular quarter itself, but overall, 
Manyavar itself is also growing extremely rapidly. Therefore, commenting on the proportion 
of how it will play out with other brand versus Manyavar is difficult. But yes, other brands will 
definitely grow faster than Manyavar itself. 
Saumil: 
Sure. And my last question, we saw gross margin compression both on a Q-on-Q as well as Y-
o-Y. While I understand a part would be because of mix because we sold less of wedding 
wear. But I mean, is this a new normalized gross margin we should expect over the next few 
quarters or probably the further separation and probably will get back to a 65% and 70% gross 
margin on a sustained level -- that's my last question. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Sure. So in FY '23, the gross margin was 67.4%. And in Q1 of FY '24, we have achieved 
66.8%. Now quarterly, the gross margins can always vary so it is also important and relevant 
according to us, we compare the gross margin at an annual level. So I mean that is why 
reference to FY ‘23 would be more relevant compared to Q1 of FY ‘23. And as far as the 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
stability of gross margin is concerned, we have been able to historically achieve more than 
65% of gross margin. And we don't see any challenge as of now why we'll not be able to 
achieve in future. 
Moderator: 
We take next question from the line of Ms. Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Priyanka Trivedi: 
So my first question is with regards to our Twamev new stores that we've opened. So could 
you give us a sense on how the ASPs would pan out versus the Manyavar in the menswear 
category and Mohey in the womenswear category? And how of the store, what would be the 
store allocation to the womenswear space in the overall space? 
Vedant Modi: 
I mean while I try to give you some estimates, it is still very early for the brand Twamev to 
sort of be commenting on how the ESP would span out over the year because it's a new brand, 
and we work on bottoms up sort of data where we try to learn what consumers are liking and 
then making more of that. So currently, the ASP in each of our product range approximately 
ranges between 2x to 3x compared to Manyavar or compared to Mohey. In our womenswear 
line, it's slightly higher, more towards 3, while in the menswear line, it's more towards 2. 
However, what is interesting to kind of notice is that the average bill value which we've been 
able to achieve at the store in the last couple of weeks in itself is 3x or slightly more than 3x 
that of the concept that we -- the kind of bill values we achieve in Manyavar-Mohey. So that is 
very positive. And overall, we will be able to continue to kind of see in the next 1 or 2 
quarters, be able to understand this data a lot better with more consumers walking in and more 
bills being made. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. And how many stores do we intend to open in the next 2 to 3 years on an annual basis? 
Any estimates or any forecast made on that side? 
Vedant Modi: 
So again, as a company, we believe in being very efficient. So the way we plan out stores is 
basis how the pilot will perform. So up until this point, the 3-store pilot has been giving us a 
lot of confidence. So we've already signed 2 new stores, which we will be opening within 3 to 
4 months at max. And at the same time, we will be signing 3 to 4 more stores in this financial 
year itself. And then bases the performance of the 10 store pilot, which we do, we will kind of 
take a call on how many stores we would want to open over the next 2 to 3 years. 
And from a womenswear perspective, you had that question as well. To be very honest, 
women's in Twamev from few weeks of data we have has surpassed our expectations. So as we 
would achieve kind of thinking it would be slightly less than the menswear, but it's actually 
been performing very well and almost it's been a 50-50 split, almost 45-55 between women 
and men. And so we've been seeing tremendous response from all the female consumers also 
walking in for Twamev product. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
And my second question was on the wedding days front. So could you give us a guidance on 
how the wedding dates in the second half before versus the last year? 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Vedant Modi: 
So again, this is something which with kind of changes with the source -- but the kind of 
philosophy which we follow, we see that in Q3 itself, there's about 50% more wedding days, 
even though I would like to mention that revenues/number of weddings don't proportionately 
change basis wedding dates. 
Overall, H2 has a decent number of wedding dates, which is what we see in a typical financial 
year, historically. Last year's Q3 had lower wedding dates. This year's Q3 has the normal 
wedding dates like any average financial year does. So we are looking for a very strong H2 
and almost 30% to 40% overall higher wedding dates compared to last year in H2 itself. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Nihal Mahesh from Nuvama. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
The first question was on the quarter. Approximately, what will the lesser number of wedding 
dates in this quarter versus last one just to get an understanding? And if you could give a 
bifurcation between the wedding and non-wedding revenue growth that would just be helpful? 
Vedant Modi: 
So about the source which we follow according to that, about there were 37 wedding dates in 
the last financial year and about 22, 23 wedding dates in the current financial year. But more 
importantly, I mean, more than the dates, the larger factor which played out was having no 
weddings at all in the month of April and almost no weddings at all in the month of July, 
which impacts June in our case, to some extent. So that was the larger kind of point of view, 
which impacted. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
Basically, these are months where you end up seeing a higher ASP in terms of the collection 
that get sold on website? 
Vedant Modi: 
Correct. And there was another big feedback, which we were able to get from the string of 
sweet shops, event organizers, wedding portals online that we talk to that a lot of people are 
preferring not to get married anymore in the months of June, especially because of the 
extremely high heat. So the preference is continuously moving towards the latter half of the 
financial year for people to get married and they prefer to get married into winter as compared 
to the summer season. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
Then just a related question there was that what would have been a contraction on the 
secondary level in the non-wedding wear revenues? I think that will then give us a sense of 
what is the impact of the ballpark consumer sentiment rather than the wedding date mix 
impact? 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure. So actually, we don't really have any particular data that allows us to know wedding 
versus non-wedding because the product is relatively similar. Q1 as a quarter does not have a 
lot of festivities. So the only big festivities that Q1 has is Eid and Bakri-Eid, where sales in our 
case are extremely low anyways. And that is why it's not a fair quarter to give you an estimate 
on non-wedding sales. However, what I can tell you is that the growth in the non-groom 
segment was faster than the groom segment, right? 
And that is how the things played out this year. However, when it comes to the groom 
segment, what our training team has been able to achieve is we are continuously working on 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
our average basket size and average bill value when it comes to the groom segment and being 
able to continuously ensure the proportion of the revenue continues to stay the same even 
though more non-grooms are walking into the stores. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
And would you associate to the recent "Taiyaar ho kar Aaiye” campaign? 
Vedant Modi: 
Absolutely. That is the entire idea of driving those non-groom walk-ins. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
That is helpful. The second question was, if we look at the way you have gone ahead and 
accelerated the scale-up for Twamev, which is a brand which launched, I think, 4 years later 
than Mohey. And while you speak of data, the point is that Mohey has been an SIS concept for 
you in more than 100 stores and there is an enough understanding. Would it be right for us to 
believe that in terms of pecking order, and maybe that's obvious also in terms of the store 
expansion that right now you are looking at scaling Twamev, and that is the priority for the 
next couple of years. And Mohey will scale up at its own gradual pace? 
Vedant Modi: 
No, I don't think that is the right way to kind of look at this. It is because Twamev as a brand 
was in pilot in Manyavar stores so that we get merchandising right. As a company, we want to 
remain extremely efficient. So if we launch a brand with no understanding of how the product 
would play then it's very difficult to set up a brand. 
That is why the whole strategy from the very beginning was that we launched Twamev 
products in Manyavar stores, understand how this sort of product price range behaves, and 
then we start opening EBOs in Twamev EBOs is a lot more important than having Mohey 
EBOs because the customer we are trying to cater to is completely different. 
These consumers are high end, they require a different level of service, a different level of 
clientelling solutions. On the other hand, with Mohey, our Manyavar Mohey concept continues 
to be successful. The only reason of going into Mohey standalone concept so that we can scale 
up Mohey faster rather than getting Mohey to more people just through this particular concept, 
right? 
So I guess it's more about having different strategies for both the brand rather than having 
different pecking orders. Internally, both of them have different verticals and Mohey has more 
people working on them. So I would like to believe that there's a lot of work happening on 
both the brands simultaneously. 
Nihal Mahesh: 
If I could ask one final question. I think you mentioned Twamev the last 2 months of data 
that's available that around 40%, 45% of the sales of womenswear, which is pretty interesting, 
and I'm guessing this is much more than what Mohey contributes to Manyavar Mohey. So is it 
right to believe that there is a -- first of all, what could be the reason for this? And is there a 
case that maybe Mohey at a higher price point could end up having a better market than where 
it is now? 
Vedant Modi: 
Well, again, like I said, it's never right to comment on data from what we've collected over 
only very few weeks. So I guess we would like to give it more time. And typically, there's also 
one big factor in play here that we are now, again, in off-season. So in an off season, what 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
typically happens is women's start to purchase product a lot earlier than men. That is why I 
would kind of not like to comment on this straight away, rather watch the entire quarter 3 
before kind of strategizing on anything based on this particular data. 
So typically, what we understand is women in Mohey's market itself starts to shop 45 days to 
60 days earlier. However, at the Twamev's pricing, they start to shop 90 days to 100 days 
earlier in some cases. So it's just a matter of time that we will start to understand this segment 
better and these consumers better. So we would rather let some more data come into us before 
commenting this. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, just wanted to know that which calendar do you follow to track wedding dates? 
Vedant Modi: 
I mean there's quite a few. But I guess, just to make it easy, there's one called Drik Panchang 
that is relatively easy to follow. And there are many other sources which we track and then we 
kind of average it out. 
Rahul Murarka: 
I mean that is what Vedant mentioned, which you can easily refer to and is easily accessible. 
But when we try to understand the wedding dates and weddings, we use multiple channels and 
multiple methods to understand that. But when it comes to your reference, maybe that is one of 
the easy reference. That is what Vedant wanted to say. 
Varun Singh: 
And any correlation analysis historically that you have done with regards to number of 
wedding days and the consequential impact on our business, especially on revenue, if you can 
share that? 
Vedant Modi: 
The thing is this is something which we attempt every year at a planning stage. Now what we 
are trying to understand, so weddings -- number of weddings are directly correlated to our 
business. However, number of wedding dates are also directly correlated to the number of 
weddings that will happen, but not to the same extent as the thing I mentioned prior to this. 
So this whole formula of understanding how many wedding dates would lead to how many 
weddings is a very difficult sort of concept even for us today. We try to get it right. And in 
some cases, we miss it by 5%, 10%. However, typically in the financial year, what we have 
seen is that overall number of weddings within a financial year don't really change unless in 
some rare cases where weddings have moved from Q4 to Q1. So in very rare circumstances 
that has happened in about 1 to 2 years in the last two decades, but typically the financial year, 
number of weddings have always been covered. 
Varun Singh: 
I mean where I was coming from is to understand that how do we measure ourselves with 
regards to in case there is an underperformance. So if the underperformance is explained by a 
lesser number of or lesser count of wedding? Or is that also because of not getting price 
product, etcetera, may write out, I mean, because of market share loss or value migration or 
because of impact on consumer wallet shares due to inflation or other economic slowdown, 
etcetera. So how do we bifurcate between the 2? I mean do you -- and if you can give some 
thoughts on that? 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure. So I mean, historically, what we've seen any quarter like this, we have been able to see -- 
it's mostly because of wedding and less weddings happening across India. Another very 
interesting fact, which I would like to kind of point at the data is that our MBO channel 
actually we grew by almost 40% in this particular quarter. And this particular channel gives us 
a trend of how the entire traditional market of the country has been operating. 
So just this figure, which is extremely small in our case, it's under 2%, under 2% to 3% of our 
revenue, which is the MBO business, but it gives us a good sense of what is happening in the 
overall wedding traditional wear market of India. And that kind of also explains signs that this 
particular quarter was weak across the board for every retailer that kind of is working in this 
industry. 
Varun Singh: 
And secondly, you mentioned in FY '17, when we did the 66% of the business in the second 
half. I mean just curious to know that in that financial year, like what was the kind of retail 
expansion also? I mean why I'm asking this question because in the current context, this 
quarter itself, our retail expansion was 22%. And still revenue growth was minus 4%, I mean, 
of course, negative 22% stable decline in SSG, because of the wedding reasoning, etcetera. 
But I mean, since now we are adding much more flagship stores, the big size stores, I 
understand is more of an opportunity, operating less benefit, but the negative side also works 
in the similar order. I mean, it's not higher because we are also forced to keep much, much 
higher inventory when if it is not selling I mean, having said that, the costs are always or 
almost at the cost are fixed in nature. 
So in FY '17, the way we grew revenue and margins because of 66% business in the second 
half, minus the information on retail expansion that we don't have. I just wanted to understand 
how do you look at this higher fixed cost structure of doing business flagship stores into 
picture now compared to the historical example that you shared with us? 
Vedant Modi: 
Sure. So there are multiple points here. Unfortunately, I do not recall the exact retail opening 
in that particular financial year, what we had. But in those particular years, we were rapidly 
scaling up as well. So the retail growth wouldn't have been too different. That's the first thing. 
The other thing is we don't take the call on a flagship/super flagship concept without any data. 
It is a very data-driven approach where only if a store is performing extremely well, showing 
high productivity level numbers. Only then do we go ahead and open a larger store, which 
might be a flagship or a super flagship. So there's signs behind it, and that is how we have 
always progressed within markets as a company. We don't enter a new market with a super 
flagship store ever. So it's a very efficient form of making decisions. 
And we kind of taste strong in terms of the whole concept, which we are expanding with. We 
see great response from our consumers walking in. There are many big benefits, which we are 
able to see from -- especially from the perspective of average bill value, which is a lot higher 
in any flagship or super flagship store. 
We are also able to see different kind of cost efficiencies in build both for the franchisee and 
us because in a large stop, when there's a whole team of people running the store, you're able 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
to bring down cost of operating it. And at the same time, when we sign a larger store, we were 
able to bring in operating leverages through a slightly relatively lower lease cost. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Nikunj Gala from Sundaram AMC. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Just want to understand the point of consumer behavior. So when we look at the data from the 
jewellery sector for the quarter, even if I exist, I understand there is some investment element 
to it. Gold prices were higher for the quarter, INR2,000, pulling back might have gained in 
jewellery sector per se, but even if I adjust that, wedding demand was relatively as compared 
to the April was okay, was not that bad. 
So was there any apart from the wedding dates, more element to the discretionary spend by the 
consumer hurting us? Because on the other hand, if you look at the apparel side, across the 
price point, there has been pressure for the entire category. So we are part of that apparel 
category. So that is also hurting us in this year, particularly considering the discretionary spend 
by the consumer or the weak sentiment? 
Vedant Modi: 
So firstly, I do believe that the lower consumer sentiments are definitely hurting us, but that is 
not the major reason of the slow quarter. The major reason still continues to be the fall in the 
total number of wedding that happened in the country. And consumer sentiments play a role, 
but a very sort of negligible role in our case. It's a small role that it kind of plays -- on the other 
hand, when it comes to the jewellery sector, like you mentioned, I personally as well follow a 
lot of those earnings calls. 
And over the past also, the largest of the companies have mentioned that wedding is about 
20% of their overall business. So it's a very miniscule percentage. And on the other hand, we 
conduct a lot of consumer journey researches. So typically, jewellery as a component is not 
even bought a month or 2 months in advantage, but many months in advance basis our internal 
research guidelines also. So these are some kind of facts, which I would also like to raise. 
Moderator: 
We move on to the next question from the line of Mr. Manish Poddar from Motilal Oswal 
AMC. 
Manish Poddar: 
I have three. So first one is, both this Twamev three stores and the larger stores which you've 
opened are all those franchise and are these under the understanding where the company pays 
the rent? 
Vedant Modi: 
Yes. Thank you for the question, Manish. So yes, all the three stores are franchisee owned 
stores. And because all of the three stores are based in a very prime location. So strategically, 
just like any other sort of retail concept, these are on our leasehold. 
Manish Poddar: 
This is the same for the 22,000 square feet store, which we opened in Bangalore. 
Vedant Modi: 
Absolutely. 
Manish Poddar: 
And the second thing is for Rahul. So, this primary to secondary conversion, which you have 
on sales, how should one think of this number? Because if this quarter was lacklustre, and the 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
second quarter is generally lean, why would franchisees stock up inventory? Or how should 
one read into the sum? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So basically, your historical trend also has been around 70-plus percentage when it comes to 
primary, secondary. In this quarter, it is -- it has been around 74%, mainly because of 85,000 
square feet, which we have opened. So I think this is the largest square feet area which we 
have opened in Q1. 85,000 square feet, and that is why when you open a new store. 
So there is -- that is the reason why the reported revenue is slightly higher than the customer 
revenue. But otherwise, if you see it is in the similar range, customer revenue and reported 
revenue. So whatever difference you are seeing between INR71, 72 to 74, it is because of the 
new store square feet expansion which we have done in this current quarter. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And the last one, in the other expenses. So how much of other expenses, let's say, if one 
has to look at us is variable in nature or, let's say, which can be controlled by you? 
Rahul Murarka: 
So in terms of other expenditure of majority of our expenses, as we have mentioned, because 
our manufacturing work is also pretty much outsourced to vendors and job workers. So 
majority of it is variable in nature because our other expenses include job cost, which is a real 
part of manufacturing cost. It includes carriage freight and forward which is again dependent 
upon the sale. 
It includes marketing expenses, which is again not a fixed cost. It depends upon business 
strategy from one quarter to another. So I mean -- and it has a lease cost. So lease cost is one 
component, I would say that, that is, of course, one fixed cost nature. Irrespective of the 
business, we need to pay that. That is one of major cost. Apart from that, there would be small 
admin expenses, which would be there. But by and large, it would be variable, I guess. 
Manish Poddar: 
So just one clarity, if you can give me, in this lease cost of the entire rental cost, if I look at 
both from pre-IndAS per se, how much of this is revenue share in nature? 
Rahul Murarka: 
Very less. I mean in terms of percentage, revenue share is mostly in case of malls and not in 
case of high street very few. So -- I mean it's not major revenue share. It is there, but it is not 
major. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, two questions from my side. First is, a lot of the Twamev inventory we have seen in 
Manyavar-Mohey stores as well as our flagship stores. So how different is this inventory going 
to be compared to the Twamev, EBOs which we have now? 
Vedant Modi: 
So actually, it's not per se a different inventory. In Twamev EBOs, we have even more higher-
priced product as well. But the product of Twamev, which is available in Manyavar stores is 
also available in the Twamev EBOs as well. However, there's slightly more collection and 
you're able to see the entire collection of one store, which you would rarely be able to see in a 
Manyavar store. 

 
 
Vedant Fashions Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
And given that the manpower, which we spoke of initially, now do you think the franchisees 
have mature enough to hire this talent? Or how is the employee recruitment process being done 
from the company side? And are the margins for the franchise is similar to Manyavar 
franchisee, given that the expenses would be more higher for these from Twamev stores? 
Vedant Modi: 
So from a franchisee perspective, we have only sort of opened Twamev-exclusive stores with 
the best of franchisee partners we have and the partners that have been operating with us for 
many, many years now. So it was basis opening with partners who have a great mindset only. 
So I guess from that perspective, they have been able to do a phenomenal job, and our teams 
have been very supportive. And we've worked alongside in terms of creating the entire 
infrastructure for the store team, etcetera. And the training and hospitality, etcetera, as being 
kind of being taken care by the company itself. 
From a margin perspective, I mean this is something which we are kind of stuck to the 
Manyavar -Mohey model for now. But again, it's a very young brand. So there are certain 
things which we will strategically see as and how the brand grows. 
Moderator: 
So we have some participants waiting for their turn. My we request you to come to the 
question queue. We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Nikunj Gala from Sundaram 
AMC. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Just a follow-up on the previous question. We had INR422 crores of retail sales. Can you help 
us like what's the consumer behavior you saw any different from the earlier purchase a number 
of articles per bill or per family was very different or maybe from the product which they 
bought from your assortment very different from the previous quarters or previous years in this 
quarter? 
Vedant Modi: 
No. Actually, from the perspective of average basket size and average bill value within each of 
our segments, which is groom and non-groom, we actually saw a decent growth. So that is 
what I was referring to when in terms of consumer sentiments also that having spent some time 
in the store as well and seeing how consumers are behaving. We saw small growth in all the 
retail metrics, which we follow such as ASP, ABB, ABS within each of our segments of 
groom and non-groom. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vedant Modi: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for your continued trust and support in us. It is always very 
nice to interact with all the analysts looking forward to the next quarter and interacting with all 
of you. Thank you very much, Namaskar. 
Rahul Murarka: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
