Page 1 of 19 
 
 
14th August, 2023 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Manager – Listing 
M/s. BSE Ltd. 
 
 
 
M/s. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Dalal Street, Fort  
 
             “Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001  
 
  
Bandra (E) Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 524816 
 
 
Scrip Code: NATCOPHARM 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Sub:- Transcript of earnings conference call held on 10th August,  2023  
Ref:-  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),  
            Regulations, 2015  
 
We are herewith enclosing copy of the transcript of the Company's earnings conference 
call for Q1 FY24 held on 10th August, 2023. The transcript is also available in the website 
of the company i.e., www.natcopharma.co.in. 
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
For NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh  
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
CHEKURI VENKAT 
RAMESH
Digitally signed by CHEKURI VENKAT RAMESH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=4579, 
pseudonym=d1142860d79d49c78c641d7d24919001, 
2.5.4.20=8fa377e665b0789f3f534cf6cba6c017b25cf37eae142a
11305b010bb5b04232, postalCode=500090, st=Telangana, 
serialNumber=f6910746a5f5b7b789b80a6f72d19727f6631efb
a3de76111828b13e92252ebc, cn=CHEKURI VENKAT RAMESH 
Date: 2023.08.14 14:04:30 +05'30'

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
“Natco Pharma Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2023 
 
       
 
  
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV NANNAPANENI – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NATCO PHARMA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH CHEBIYAM – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT – CROP HEALTH SCIENCE – NATCO 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KUNAL RANDERIA – NUVAMA WEALTH 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the NATCO Pharma Limited Q1 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Nuvama Wealth Management. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Kunal 
Randeria from Nuvama Wealth Management. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Group, I welcome all for 
NATCO Pharma's Q1 FY '24 earnings Call. With us, we have NATCO Pharma's senior 
management team, represented by Mr. Rajeev Nannapaneni, Director and Chief Executive 
Officer; and Mr. Rajesh Chebiyam, Executive Vice President, Crop Health Sciences. Over to 
you, Rajesh for open remarks. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Yeah. Thank you, Kunal. Good morning, and welcome, everyone, to NATCO's conference call 
discussing our earnings results for the first quarter of FY '24, which ended June 30, 2023. During 
the call, we may be making certain forward-looking statements or statements about future 
events. And anything said on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future, must be viewed 
in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. I'd like to state that the material of the call, 
except for the participant questions, is the property of NATCO and cannot be recorded or 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
rebroadcast without NATCO's expressed written permission. We'll begin with the results 
highlights and followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
 
So we hope you received our financials and press release, which was sent yesterday. These are 
also available on our website. So for the quarter, NATCO had recorded consolidated total 
revenue of INR1,160 crores for the first quarter, which ended June 30, 2023, as against INR918.9 
crores for the same period last year, reflecting a growth of roughly 26%. Net profit for the period 
on a consolidated basis was INR420.3 crores as against INR320.4 crores same period last year, 
showing a growth of 31.2%. 
 
The company had made a provision of INR51 crores during the quarter towards pending patent 
infringement litigation cases for its products in India. And as a disclaimer, this is without 
admission of either the liability for infringement or validity of such patents. The company also 
incurred a one-time special incentive to employees of INR17 crores. So -- but for these one-time 
expenses, the profits would have been higher for the quarter. Major drivers for the business 
during the quarter were from formulation exports. We had a strong growth in domestic business 
of both pharma and agro, and we continue to see very steady sales from the subsidiaries. 
 
We'll pause here. We'll take your questions. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Kaushik Mohan from Ashika Stock 
Broking. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Sir, my question is basically on the margin front. Are we able to sustain these margins or -- is 
this a cyclical in nature because of the Revlimid product that we have it currently? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we'll have a good quarter, I think coming Q2 as well. I think we should probably have a 
similar quarter. I think by Q3, I think it will slow down a bit. Again, things will pick up in Q4. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Sir, how about the margin -- will it be in the same control, like our operating margins are 
currently around 45.6 percentage plus. So how about these margins? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think so, as I have said the Q1 and Q2 will -- I think Q2 also were excellent -- I mean, I can't 
exactly estimate exact numbers until the quarter ends. But I think our sense is that we'll have a 
similar quarter like Q1 and Q3 it will -- I think will be -- will taper off. And I think Q4 things 
will pick up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Tanna from ithought PMS. 
Yash Tanna: 
And congratulations on a good set of numbers team. So my first question is what contributed to 
the good recovery in the domestic business for the quarter? And is this a new base for us? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we are -- oncology is doing very well, and I think that's the good news. And we had one 
one-time order. So that also bought about a good jump on the sales. But it's partially driven by 
growth and partially driven by a one-time order. 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Yash Tanna: 
How big was this one-time order, sir? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Top of my head, I can't recollect. I think there's a split between the both, I can't recollect the 
number. 
Yash Tanna: 
On agro side, it seems a little bit tepid. So what is the reason for that? And what do we expect 
for the full year going forward? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Well, I think the season just started. I would say we have gone from INR1 crores to INR45 
crores. I don't think that tepid, it's a fairly good run. We had -- we exactly had no sale in that 
division. So I think it's the first time we actually -- the first June quarter, we had that type of 
sale. So I would characterize it as a good start. And even Q2, my expectation is that we should 
do better than what we did in Q1. And I think we're on target to do that INR150 crores to INR200 
crores revenue in the Agro division. 
Yash Tanna: 
INR150 crores to INR200 crores? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
For the annual year, yeah. I think both the CTPR and CTPR combinations are doing extremely 
well, and we're very happy with the feedback that we're getting. And so we're running ads in 
larger position Telangana as of now. And also, we intend to run Marathi ads for the State of 
Maharashtra in the next one month for our agro products. So I think we're doing well and we're 
very excited how things are going. 
Yash Tanna: 
Right. And sir, just one more question, if I may. This is a little bit broad question. So what do 
we think is our next big bet post Revlimid in the pipeline by -- so do you see Revlimid playing 
out for us? And currently, we are doing about INR300 crores of base profit, plus Revlimid profit. 
So post 2026, how do we sort of compensate for Revlimid profit? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean, we are obviously thinking beyond Revlimid. I think we have quite a few products. I 
think it's there in the investor presentation. Now that you brought this up, and I'll lay out the big 
ones. Number one, I think semaglutide we have a good filing on one particular strength. We are 
-- we believe we are sole FTF. We have a partnership with Mylan on that. Then we have a filing 
called olaparib, which we have a joint venture with Alembic where we are sole FTF. It's an 
oncology breast cancer products and other indications as well. So that's a very good product. 
Then we have the new one that we filed recently called [F-Diacritinib]. 
 
It's not so big right now. It's about 40 million, 38 million to 40 million if I recall properly. And 
but if the product goes into, let's say, 100 million, 150 million or 200 million over the next few 
years, there's a huge opportunity there. There we are sole FTF, hopefully we are sole FTF and 
what we call. And 100% of the profit is with us because this is done through our own sub and 
where we are fronting the litigation. And then we have -- these are the really big ones. And then 
we have Imbruvica, but of course, we have lost the appeal, so we need to see where we can go 
from there. 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
And then we have mid-level smaller ones, we have Kyprolis and Tracleer, where we have one 
strength Kyprolis and Tracleer, it's a smaller product, but they're like 30 million, 40 million, 100 
million type of products. So there we have first to five. So we have enough in our pipeline, my 
friend. I think I named quite a few ideas. But I think if you pull up another five, six ideas, I think 
you'll see some consistency going into the next decade. I think that's why we are spending our 
money on, and I think that's what we're focusing on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of N.K. Arora, an Individual Investor. 
N.K. Arora: 
Sir, first thing I want to now till June 30, what percentage of Revlimid has been sold? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think for competitive reasons, I'm not answering that question, but I think we'll have one more 
good quarter like similar to this quarter. And I think that will taper off. I think that's the best way 
I can answer that question. 
N.K. Arora: 
And secondly, sir, now that we are already 4.5 months into the year, can we have a ballpark 
figure or range of the annual profit this year we'll have? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Good question. It all depends on multiple factors. I think I'll go past INR1,000 crores 
comfortable. I think that's just a feeling I get. How much more will go to INR1,100 crores or 
INR1,200 crores it all depends on how the year ends. But I think conservatively, I want to say 
we'll go past INR1,000 crores. But how much more than INR1,000 crores, I think it all depends 
on how the market plays out. So that's a little difficult to guess. But I think in that range, I think 
is what I feel. I think INR1,000 crores to INR1,200 crores range is what my expectation is, 
depending on how things go, I'm talking about profit after tax. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of use Hussain Bharuchwala from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Hussain Bharuchwala: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand on the agrochemical front, how do you think that the 
agrochemical will shape up. So CTPR is one of the products, which we have been able to 
capitalize on. But how are you planning to grow this field, because you said you have identified 
five, six products in the field so how big growth can be and how big the agrochemical piece can 
be in the overall scheme of things can be in the times to come? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, let me answer that question. So I think we have started as well. I'm very happy how we 
started off. I think we're expecting about INR50 crores, INR200 crores this year. And I think we 
have a pipeline for next year as well. And we also see organic growth in CTPR in India. And 
also, we are doing registration outside India as well. So we have filed this in Brazil. 
We are filing it in U.S. So we're doing other markets as well. So we are filing our agro portfolio 
outside India. So the export business might take two to three years from now. But overall, I think 
my expectation is business should grow to around INR400 crores to INR500 crores in the next 
three to four years. And that's our expectation. And it will be a good solid business and 
contributing solidly for our both bottom line and top line. 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Hussain Bharuchwala: 
Just to add a follow-up question. So what will be the EBITDA margin that you would expect 
from this size of the pie, this side of the pie to be -- will be EBITDA accretive and how -- what 
would be the range EBITDA range from the agrochemical space? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think it will be close to our base business. I think it should do well, and I think it will sort of 
similar to our pharma business as well because we're doing branded. We're going directly to the 
customer. We do third party, but most of us -- 90% of our sales comes from direct customer 
interaction. And I think we are focusing on niches and the high-value products. 
So again, see what margin you will have in the future only time will time. I mean I can't really 
answer the question like that. But I think our expectation is that it should be a good margin, 
similar to our pharma business. I mean that's our expectation based on certain assumptions we 
have made on our pipeline and our price evolution. 
Hussain Bharuchwala: 
Got it. One question. On your Cardio and Gastro, so you plan to expand on the Cardio and Gastro 
front, so how is that space -- that piece shaking up? And you had also planned an acquisition 
which around INR1,000 crores. So how is the acquisition, how is the acquisition -- how is that 
shaping up? Are you in talks with someone? Can give some light on that, sir? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We're looking at acquisitions both in India and outside India to expand our business. I think we 
have recently announced in UK, we're buying a company. So we are doing an asset purchase of 
this company, so that it can trend in UK. 
We're always looking at transactions. We have a good amount of cash in our balance sheet. We 
don't have much debt. So I think I think we'll do it when the time is right. I mean to say, we look 
at opportunities all the time. We're looking at different things. Hopefully, we'll succeed at 
something. 
Hussain Bharuchwala: 
And sir, on cardio and gastro front, if you can give some color as to what type of products and 
how are you scaling it up or can give some? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
The business is doing well. They're all going around 10% to 15%. And I think both the divisions 
are doing well. We have a good pipeline. I think we're going at the market price. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sapna Jhawar from Kotak Life Insurance. 
Sapna Jhawar: 
Yes. Sure. So Rajeev just wanted to understand more on the capital allocation perspective. You 
did mention about some acquisitions in India as well as UK. So intending UK, we also acquired 
Dash sometime back front-ending, front to front-end U.S. I presume. So I mean is this model 
changing where we now would want to go front-ending in every market versus the partnership 
that you're following earlier? If you could just share some details on that? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Absolutely correct. Absolutely. I think we spoke about this in the past call, so I'll just repeat that 
again. I think the business is getting more competitive. And I think in a lot of markets we want 
-- actually the big markets we want to go front-end directly ourselves. I think that's what we're 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
evolving. But however, for complex generics, which require a substantial amount of R&D, we're 
still doing alliances. 
But for some products which are not that complicated or which are -- where we feel we can 
spend the money, we are also going directly. Like a few minutes ago, I spoke about [inaudible] 
that we filed. There we don't have a partner, and we have kept -- we're keeping 100% of the 
economics. So I think it's a case-to-case basis, but broadly, yes, I think we're going direct. Yes. 
That's correct. You're absolutely right. 
Sapna Jhawar: 
But if I were to understand a couple of years back or you were of the view that you were probably 
on even a deterioration phase, specifically for generics and going front-end in that market would 
actually not be really beneficial. So is there a change in your view or is the market changing 
structurally there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It's not that. I think see, the business is always difficult. I never thought you just had to find the 
sweet spot and the right product to do. I never said I think we'll not do it. I think it's a question 
of your -- the problem is when you do front-end is you need to burn money, right? I mean, so 
what happens when you do front-end? 
You got to burn money before the subsidiaries is stabilized to earlier people would fund you for 
your legal and your partnership that you had to spend. So there's more expense on your balance 
sheet. So that's sort of stuff. But obviously, we'll make more money when the launch happens. 
And I think we have the comfort now to do these things because I'm willing to let lose that 
money to build that business. So I think that's -- I mean, it just gives me more comfort because 
we're more comfortable compared to, let's say, a few years ago. We evolve your situation, right, 
so I think? 
Sapna Jhawar: 
Sure. So just one last bit of the same question. Now I'm just trying to understand with the 
substantial amount of cash that we have, a certain portion would go into acquisitions, building 
the front-end. But would we also be extending our domestic franchise apart, I mean, the one 
where we diversified from Onco to Cardio diabetes, do we intend to acquire anything here and 
expand this franchise? Will it completely go into agro or will it be an export-oriented focus in 
terms of capital allocation? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Good question. I think what we have done is we did a buyback. So we spent, I think, INR210 
crores plus the tax. I think it's about INR250 crores on buyback. We are giving now INR125 
crores dividend. So I think this is what we have done in the near term. In spite of the buyback 
and the dividend that we gave, we're still sitting on about little less than INR1,400 crores of cash 
and cash equivalent shares. So I think this cash -- this is as of July 31 is the cutoff if you take 
that as a -- as of July 31. So we'll see. I mean we always look at all opportunities. 
I mean, we have been giving money back at the same time, trying to prudently spend money on 
acquisitions where we have gaps and spending money on R&D, just expensive money on R&D 
so using that the cash flow to spend on more complex generics and more products. So I think 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
that's what we're doing. To your question, will we do a big acquisition? We're looking honestly, 
I'm looking. 
I mean, I don't want to do anything in a hurry. I think we do the right one. I think I'm being 
conservative, yeah, I might be conservative, but what's the idea, right? I mean, you do it when 
you think the valuation is right. And I think what we're doing now in terms of building value, I 
think is good enough. And I think acquisition also is important, but we'll do it well and at a larger 
capital allocation. So I think I want to do it, but I'm comfortable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity Rajeev how are we looking at the US market, do you see any 
benefit coming to us from these [inaudible] 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Cyndrella I must apologize. I didn't understand anything, a lot of static. Can you repeat that 
question one more time, please. 
Moderator: 
Sir, this is the Chorus Call operator. I'm so sorry to interrupt. Ma'am, I would request you to 
please use the handset mode while speaking. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Yeah I'm sorry, is this audible now?  
Moderator: 
Yes ma’am. Thank you. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
So, sorry. I'm repeating my question. I'm asking Rajeev, is there any shortages, opportunity in 
the U.S. markets coming to our basket, do you see many companies have moved out of the 
market, any scenario emerging for us from a U.S. perspective right now, do you envisage or 
overcoming two quarters, three quarters, do you see anything coming our way from these kind 
of shortages scenario? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think your question is whether do we see any opportunities in the shortages in the U.S. at this 
time. Honestly, Cyndrella, I mean, we see sometimes for like a short period of time and it goes 
away very quickly. So, you can't build a business model on shortages. I don't think -- again, I'm 
telling you we have a slightly contrary view than what people would normally say. You will get 
some opportunities here and there. We've got not many. Honestly, we don't have too many of 
those opportunities. Sometimes we get, but not really.  
But the pricing is competitive in a multisource environment and the real value, again, I'll repeat 
it that again, I've said this many times over many years. The real value is always doing the niches 
and the hard to do generics where they're limited amount of competition. That's where the real 
money is. Everything else is -- it will be -- is not as sustainable as what a niche and a complex 
[inaudible] between the two. 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
And on the domestic base organically, are you seeing planning any products or are there some 
products which will come over the years that you see in terms of filing organically not from an 
inorganic opportunity? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Cyndrella I didn't understand what you said. I'm so sorry. If I paraphrase what you said, you're 
saying -- I didn't understand you honestly, I don't want to paraphrase you. Could you say that 
again? I'm sorry, I apologize. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
I'm saying from an organic perspective are we looking for some products from an organic basket 
in domestic market? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we have a good -- if I understand you correctly, I think we have a good pipeline in our 
organic growth, and I think we're launching about 15 brands, 20 brands. So, I think we're doing 
well. We have a couple of very first time generics in India especially oncology pipeline has done 
very well. So, I think we're bullish, and I think we'll grow at the industry rate, yeah. Next caller, 
please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first on India front. So on India, I mean, what's the 
outlook there? I mean, how much of this run rate what we have seen in this quarter is sustainable 
and what are the kind of launches you have planned for the remainder of FY '24? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think I said -- I think that some of the growth is captured by a one-time and there's a general 
growth. I think I always said that the growth is around 10% to 15%. I think that's the guidance I 
would like to give over the base of business last year. In terms of pipeline, I think oncology is 
doing very well for us.  
I think that's a segment that we've always done well and we're doing well. We continue to do 
well. And the other segments also are improving. And we have a good pipeline of products, 
about 10 products to 15 products that we have planned. And I think that business should do well. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Sure, sir. And sir, secondly, on your profit guidance, what you gave almost INR1,000 crores to 
INR1,200 crores for this fiscal. And if I try to sync this with your earlier commentary, with said 
that Revlimid for Q2 would be a little better and then you expect a pickup in Q4. So, ideally 
with the kind of run rate you have already achieved and there were certain one-offs in this quarter 
as well. So I mean, there seems to be a bit of a conservatism in your numbers. So, am I missing 
something over here or the guidance is a bit of a conservative year? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
There's probably uncertainties in life, right? He's asking me to predict something that will happen 
6 months from today, so which is very difficult to do. So, what I can -- I'm also human, right, so 
I can tell you, there are a lot of multiple factors that play. So, I stand by what I said. So, I mean 
there are a lot of things that could happen.  

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
So you can't -- you can only make a guesstimate of what it is. I'm only trying to make an estimate 
based on what I know, right? But again, there is still in this financial year, there's still another 8 
months left, right? So it's tough to judge. But I pretty much stand by what I said. You can't really 
predict the future literally. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
All right, sir. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Jain from Galaxy International. 
Nikhil Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. So first, I just wanted to understand, 
if you can give a little bit of perspective on the Revlimid pricing scenario in the market and 
competitive intensity is the same? Has it changed? Anything changed in the market or is it like 
going the way it was going last quarter and earlier? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we're doing well, my friend. I mean, generally, I don't speak so much detail because of 
competitive reasons. But I think the product is doing well. I think -- and overall, our business is 
doing well. We're happy where we are and I think all our -- domestic has done well. Our -- first 
time our agro has been profitable. So, I think we were losing money earlier. So I think now we're 
making money.  
So that's been a reasonably good swing. And our subs -- I think we're investing in our subs and 
the subs have also been stable earnings this year -- this quarter. So I think overall, I think the 
sector is doing well, and I think all our businesses are doing well. I think our U.S. front-end is 
the only business have been losing money at this time. So I think, hopefully, we'll able to fix 
that in the next few quarters. 
Nikhil Jain: 
Okay. Second one was on Lonsurf. So have you already launched the product and how do you 
see that distributing? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It's an FTF, but it's a shared FTF. So it's there in our investor presentation. I think litigation is 
still ongoing. Top of my head, I don't know where we stand on the litigation. I think there's two 
separate litigation. One litigation got done. There's another litigation for which trial date has not 
been set. No, there is no clarity on the launch at this time. It's too premature. 
Nikhil Jain: 
So the approval that we received, so that is irrespective, right? So the litigation is what will drive 
the amount? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It’s a different approval is different. What we did is we got the approval. The litigation is still 
not resolved. 
Nikhil Jain: 
Right. Okay. Fair enough. And third question was just a last one. On the domestic side, so let's 
say, two years down the line, three years down the line, do we let's say kind of give guesstimate 
of where we would be in terms of the top line on that particular business? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
You mean, domestic?  

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Nikhil Jain: 
Yeah. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think, again, stated goal is about to grow around that industry rate about 10% to 15%. So I 
think we believe, I think we can achieve that. We get an acquisition obviously, we'll get a little 
more bump. But yeah, I think that's the expectation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi, Rajeev and team. Good morning and thank you for your time. Three questions from me. On 
crop production, right, is your current strategy revolving around CTPR and combinations only 
or are there something on top of that? And how much of that business do you anticipate to sell 
through your own channel and I mean, a percentage would help?  
The second what's the cash on books on 30th June and purely from a capital allocation 
standpoint, would you be willing to lever your balance sheet to drive inorganic growth and the 
third? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Tarang, don't ask so many questions. Let me answer the first two, then we'll come to that. Okay. 
So let's start with the agro. Rajesh, do you want to answer the agro question? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Yeah, Tarang, as of now, our business is predominantly built on CPPR and all the combination 
products. So, we have 10 products in pipeline actually on commercial mode right now and half 
of them are CPPR related. So -- and majority of the business is through our own branding and 
channels. Roughly around 10% we are going through P2P, okay? We have interesting things in 
the pipeline. Next financial year, we expect at least somewhere between 5 to 10 launches, which 
we have -- these are unique differential products. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
And to answer your question on cash, I don't have the number for June 30. I think we have a 
number for July 31st. So, we have about INR1,386 crores in cash, including cash and shares and 
we have a debt of about INR104 crores mostly for bill discounting. That's it. I think I've answered 
all your questions. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Will you be willing to lever your balance sheet, Rajeev, to drive inorganic growth? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Inorganic effect?  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Will I lever borrow these things.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No, I won't lever to answer your question. The reason is I'm conservative. I think we take a lot 
of long-term debts. I never -- a big fan of borrowing a large amount of money to do an 
acquisition. I think we'll do it with the cash flow we have and I think we have a strong enough 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
balance sheet and if the right opportunity comes, I'll never say never. But I think if you put me 
on the spot and ask me this question, I'll say no. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. Just a last question. How is the base business for exports done ex-Revlimid, I mean, if we 
were to strip out Revlimid from now and the base, how has that business done? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we're doing well. I think the agro, for example, as earlier was losing about INR10 crores, 
INR12 crores a quarter. I think this quarter has turned profitable. So, that's good. The subs are 
doing about INR130 crores of sales, INR129 point something. So that has done well, primarily 
driven by Canada and Brazil. So, I think those have been the star performers among the subs. 
And I think the domestic has been stable. The API has been stable. So, I think overall, I think 
we are happy where we are. 
But I think we are trying to build a pipeline, which will -- the money we have using the cash that 
we have strengthening our filings in all these markets and expanding our geographical spread. 
We are thinking about 8 markets, 10 markets we have to be in front-end. I think right now, we 
are front-end in India, U.S., Canada and Brazil.  
I want to add another 4 countries to 5 countries. So I think Colombia setting it up, UK, we're 
setting it up now Indonesia, we've already spoken and maybe another one or two countries, we 
will probably do. So, that will cover the 10 major countries in the world. If you are present, I 
think you'll cover most of your [inaudible] I think that’s the strategy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Celly from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Rajeev, last quarter, you were mentioning that we have 
done almost like 25% of the volumes, which were re-assigned for the Revlimid. So, how it has 
been for this quarter, have we done almost like 50%, 60% overall? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I didn't want to answer that question, but it's for competitive reasons. I think I've answered that 
question indirectly. I think we are expecting a good -- we had a good quarter, and I think we'd 
expect to have an equally good quarter in Q2 and then we'll taper off in Q3. I think that's a 
reasonable answer at this time. 
Bharat Celly: 
Sure, sure, sure. And just wanted to get some sense on how do you see the pricing environment? 
Let's say, probably next year could also be good, but entering the third year FY '25, do you see 
the price erosions to be material in this product, considering that the competition landscape will 
be going up? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I don't know, Bharat, honestly, I have no idea. I think it's the same question, I think indirectly 
the other person asked me, what are your earnings going to be? It's tough to judge. I think you 
take it by the quarter and see how things go. I think I mean generics is the way it is. I mean, it's 
a very competitive business. There's always pricing pressure. I don't think I can answer that 
question. 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Bharat Celly: 
Yeah. Right. And the last one from my end. So actually, you have even mentioned right now. 
So, what we have been hearing. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Sorry. Say that again, Bharat. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Bharat Celly, we are unable to hear you? 
Bharat Celly: 
So actually, we have been hearing from some of the peers as well that the overall pricing 
environment in the U.S. is actually changing, and we are seeing some of the price cooling off. 
So how do you see the overall U.S. market behaving like have you seen any green shoots there 
and are you seeing some structural changes right there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I have a different view. I think it's a very competitive business. I think structurally, what has 
happened is the distributors have a lot of hold on the companies. And in a multisource 
environment, even if there are shortages once in a while, you won't get that sort of advantage. 
You might get business, but you don't get great pricing, honestly. And you can't build a business 
model in a multisource generic, you can't.  
I think you need to have a mix of doing complex generic, admixture and para force and mix it 
up with a multi-source.You need to have both, of course, because you need a basic basket. But 
end of the day, basket also doesn't matter after a point because end of the day they only care 
about the price.  
So I think that's how Western markets are. I think -- again, I said this at the beginning of the call. 
I think if you believe USD100 is the amount of profit pool that's there in the next 10 years, I 
think USD60, USD70 will come from the admixtures and the complex centers. And 30% to 35% 
will come from the more multi-source generic. And you need to be present in both. And at the 
same time, you need to know where you put your money. 
Bharat Celly: 
But have you seen any of the distributors getting a bit on the back foot to give better pricing 
considering they are trying to ensure on the supply side? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Personally, I'm not that -- it is not -- I will not characterize that there's a dramatic change in the 
behavior. Maybe sometimes you'll see in one product here and there, but that's not enough to say 
that there's a change, not enough to say a change. No, I will not say that. I don't believe that 
because it's structurally difficult.  
See, understand the business, my friend, I think you will see who are we competing with, we are 
competing with fellow Indian companies, right? And you look at the balance sheets of other 
Indian companies. All of them have healthy balance sheets. We're not like the Western generic 
companies who leave out with the exception of Sando. 
All of them are heavily leveraged and either not interested in generics or are doing well to do 
work in generics just because they have a legacy business, they have this basket and they sell. 
And you're competing with that type of competitors who don't mind selling things at low margin 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
just because they make money in other businesses that we do. So -- and all family-owned 
businesses. 
So everybody looks at long term. So it's very difficult to compete. Honestly, I think it's a very 
competitive business and I think you need to have -- you cannot just do a basket and make 
money. I think you can't look at the world like that. 
Bharat Celly: 
That’s helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Prashant Nair: 
So a couple of questions. Firstly, on semaglutide, could you give a sense of what the market size 
is for the 8-milligram version? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think its strength is doing well. I don't have the number, my friend, honestly top of my head I 
don't have the number. I'll come better prepared next time. I don't have the number. I have to 
look up the IMS and come back here. This time, I don't have. 
Prashant Nair: 
Sir, no problem. And second, I missed your reply earlier on the M&A question. So, if you could 
just give a sense of what are your key priority areas to plug from an M&A perspective, if you 
have to rank them, say the top three areas, which you would like to plug? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean there are -- what are the gaps in our business, right? I mean, let's answer that question. 
So the gaps are probably -- I mean we're not present in the RoW markets, the key RoW markets. 
So, I think we have a front-end not a large front end in any other key RoW markets that we have 
won. Domestic market, obviously, is a big gap that we have, because we're not present in all the 
territories. So -- and operating in multiple countries, I said, about 8 to 10 countries we need to 
operate so that we get scale in this business. And whatever you spend on R&D, you get a better 
bank per buck. 
I think these are probably the three areas that you want to focus on, setting up more subs in key 
markets, filling a gap in a market where you're not present at an international level and three, 
where we have a gap in the domestic. I think these are three areas we want to focus on. 
Prashant Nair: 
And just one follow-up question on the India part. So when you're looking at assets in India, are 
you primarily looking at brands or are you looking at, say, brands along with manufacturing and 
sales force. So how do you think about that? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Brands is what we're looking for, I think in segments that we are not present, at except 
manufacturing because we have a reasonable amount of manufacturing in our set up. I'm not 
saying we have a very possible therapeutic area, but I think we have reasonable amount of 
footprint in manufacturing. I mean obviously, there are gaps in our manufacturing tool in terms 
of -- like, for example, we're not there in antibiotics. I'm just giving you an example or we are 
not there in PNL space. But having said that, I think domestic itself is not a manufacturing play, 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
more of a brand play. The manufacturing, even if you don't have you can always get a CMO to 
do it for you because the ecosystem for the domestic manufacturing is quite good. So that's not 
the challenge. I think the bigger challenge is possibly with the branding business is where the 
real value is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Bhatia from Bandhan AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Just two questions from my side, purely on the domestic side. One, at the macro level, if you're 
talking about 10% to 15% organic growth, how should we look at the split between price, volume 
and new launches? So that's the simple first question. 
On the second aspect, purely from the domestic oncology business, if you could give us some 
incremental flavor for the last five, six quarters because there is a certain aspect of the market 
itself shrinking where a certain aspect of us losing out on some market share in certain products. 
So how are you thinking about these two things, right? Because going forward, again, the growth 
element has to be driven by the market is also growing. And we also taking back incremental 
market share. So maybe little bit your thoughts on this? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I don't know if we can answer your question at the level of detail you're asking, but I think I'll 
tell you what I'm thinking about at a high level. I mean, if you want to get growth, I mean you 
need to have good launches. So launches will obviously contribute to 50% of your growth. So 
you need to have good launches. That's probably 50% of us. 
Two, gaining share on molecules. Sometimes you do, sometimes you don't. It depends on the 
molecule and the intensity of the competition. But overall, if you see, I mean, our portfolio is 
not the type that you could take price increases on. I mean it's not like a steady-state diabetes, 
cardio-type of portfolio, like we don't raise MRPs so much. 
Most of our portfolio, we never raise MRPs because it's very price-sensitive for our portfolio. 
So I think that's how we're looking at it. But I think what really matters is another challenge, and 
you see this in the data that you have, is that the volume increase is low in the market, a lot of 
the older product. A lot of it is coming from price increases. So if you want growth, I think a 
formula of that is you need to have very good new launches and your core business has to be 
growing. And some businesses will not grow. But overall, I think mixing up with some core 
business like you have cardio, diabeto where there's a better uptake because you'll now start and 
then maybe some new launches, which will drive growth. I think -- and that's how we look at it. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Given that the price increases are not there in this area of the business, the oncology part of it, it 
would be fair to say that the prices are not revised downwards as well, like in a general scenario 
excluding the COVID period. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Could you rephrase that question? I didn't understand what you said. Could you say that one 
more time, please, don’t mind? 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Yeah. Sure. To clarify what you were saying is that we don't take any price increase on the 
portfolio. Would it be fair to also say that the price revision -- downward price revision would 
also be completely absent? Like there is no price reduction that usually takes place in the 
oncology domestic portfolio. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Price erosion means what happens there tend to be very high discounts so there's always pricing 
pressure. It depends on the product. So to answer your question, yes, there's always pricing 
pressure. The price increase portfolio that happens generally happens in the more retail-driven 
products, which are sold at your neighborhood pharmacy. It doesn't happen with the hospital 
type of products because you're competing with other companies, which are also bidding in 
tenders. So it's not a strict comparison. You can't compare. It's apples and oranges. It's not a 
literal comparison. It's a completely different business. Does that make sense? Does that answer 
your question? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Mishra, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Keshav Mishra: 
My question is just on the NRC-2694 trial, which is due February '24. Just wanted to understand 
what that drug is? And if everything goes well, are we looking for partnerships, some kind of 
partnership for Phase 3 trials. And going forward, I mean, is NATCO looking to allocate some 
capital on building NCE pipeline as well? Thank you. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we have a reasonable set of NCE pipeline. I think this particular one we got US FDA 
clearance to do a trial there. So we're doing it on patients in the US as we speak. At this time, 
it's premature, my friend. I don't want to say anything at this time. I think once we get some data, 
I think we'll talk about it. Yes, I think we are doing it in our core strength, which is oncology. 
So at this time improvement are, my friend, I don't understand want to say anything. 
Keshav Mishra: 
Yeah, agree, sir. Sir, on the longer-term strategy, right, I mean, would there be -- do you have 
some plans of capital allocation on NCE side as well? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We're doing a little bit of capital allocation. That's correct. It's already done. I think 2694 is 
funded by the balance sheet. Generally, we don't talk about things where we don't reach a certain 
stage of progression. I mean, that's where we -- then we can give a -- some sort of perspective 
on where it's going. I think once we make some progress, I think we'll come back to you. I think 
where we make significant progress we'll come back to you. I think it's too early to comment at 
this time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Mehta from Nirzar Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Mehta: 
I just have one question. So can you provide the breakup of market share for CTPR between us, 
FMC and Best Agro? 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
The market is still evolving Karan, at this time. I don't have the answer to that question. I -- 
maybe after the season ends I'll tell you because the first true season we have launched. So at 
this time, it's premature. I don't have an answer to that question. 
Karan Mehta: 
Okay. Can we comment on our share for CTPR? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean, good question. We are expecting about 10% to 15% market share. I think that's our 
internal target internally. But I think, again, you don't want to throw a number that you can't hold 
up. So let me see how the season is, and I think we probably need to see some market data, and 
I'll come back to you. But I think that's the targeted market share. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
I just want to add one more thing, Karan, so yes, absolutely what Rajeev just mentioned. We 
have to go through the season before we realize where we end up. But overall, our brand and 
product reception has been very good. In fact, after FMC, the big name which hovers around is 
NATCO's brand. So let's see. All our CTPR products are doing fairly well. We have the 
individual as well as the combination products. So in a way, the combination products, we have 
less competition as well. So those are doing quite well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: 
Hello, Rajesh. Do we have any impact of the ongoing over-pricing policy of the Indian 
government on the domestic front? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Could you clarify your question, Vishal, like our DPCO case against us, is that what you're trying 
to say? 
Vishal: 
On the domestic front, there is some over-pricing policy of the Indian government for which 
there are a lot of litigation pending, do we have any such effects on our balance sheet? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No my friend. We don't have any claims from DPCO in our balance sheet at this time. We don't 
have any claims. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Tanna from I Thought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash Tanna: 
My question is related to our press release on 26, July, we filed an ANDA for the brand, Balversa. 
And this product, I believe, J&J in their recent conference call, they mentioned that this product 
could be more than a $1 billion opportunity for them based on some new indication that they 
have received. So how are we thinking about this product? And where are we in terms of 
approval or launch timelines or something like that? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It's very early stage. I think I will not put any numbers to it because I don't have the answer to 
that. The last number I've seen was about $40 million, but I think it's a good product. And as I 
was saying, I think a few minutes ago, when somebody asked me, I don't recollect the name who 
asked me. But if the product grows well, we have the sole FTF on this. So I think that's a good 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
position to be. And at this stage, we just filed the product, so the review is ongoing and the 
litigation is also at very early stage so very early to comment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Shah from iWealth Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Devang Shah: 
Sir, just one clarification. When you say that quarter 2 and quarter 1 would be two similar 
quarters do you mean that they go the same EBITDA margins and sales as well? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think that's our expectation. Let me see how the quarter ends. But I think our expectation is 
that we should have a good Q2 as well. 
Devang Shah: 
Okay. And sir just wanted to know regarding the capacity utilization. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Say that one more time, my friend, repeat, please. 
Devang Shah: 
Sir just wanted to know regarding your capacity utilization. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Capacity utilization in the company you're saying as in all? Typically, we run around like 60% 
typically 60%, 65% because our portfolio is very niche. So I think I don't do too many 
commodity products so on that reason. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rusmik Oza from 9 Rays Equiresearch. Please 
go ahead. 
Rusmik Oza: 
I just wanted to know if you provided INR51 crores for any potential litigation -- so does it meet 
any of your required amount or will there be any further provisions made on -- similar to this in 
the next few quarters? One. 
And two is, in the last two quarters, we had a little one-offs this quarter also we had some INR17 
crores incentive. Is there any one-offs likely to come in the next one or two quarters? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
INR17 crores incentive is obviously linked with the success of the company. So I mean, 
obviously, you get to reward your employees. So we just stated what we have done. Regarding 
the patent litigation, I think this is something that's been there for a long time. I think that we 
launch at risk and we're very aggressive litigator. 
And I think a lot of times, we have won our cases, some cases are still unresolved. And I think 
what we did is we looked at the whole portfolio that we launched at risk and we made an 
assessment that if you were to settle, we were to lose a case or something were to happen, what 
would be the financial risk. And all these issues are very difficult to judge because each case has 
its own merits and it's over multiple products. 
So I think after much analysis, I think we start with that auditor, and I think we came up with a 
number that INR51 crores should cover, I think, most of the liability. I mean will it cover or are 

 
 
NATCO Pharma Limited 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
we exceeding the liability? Will we exceed that number? Probably not. I think it probably 
addresses most of the liability. I think that's our sense. 
Again, we're making an estimation about something that we don't know anything about, right? 
You're asking me to make an estimation about 8 or 10 lawsuits that we have where we are 
running at risk. So it's very difficult to judge. So I think these are fair. We use a fairly reasonable 
mathematic model. So I think, to answer your question, I think it covers most of the risk, I think, 
if that's our concern. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference back to the management for their closing comments. Thank you, and 
over to you all. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
All right. Thank you all. Again, a very good set of questions. We will have all of these also 
uploaded in the website once we have the transcript. Thank you all, and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of NATCO Pharma Limited, we conclude today's conference. Thank you 
all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.  
