 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SEC/0408/2023 
 
 
 
E-FILING 
 
 
    August 04, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited             
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 532259      
 
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Department  
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Investors Conference call on Un-audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) for Q1-FY24  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as 
amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Kindy refer to our letter no. SEC/3107/2023 dated July 31, 2023 w.r.t. submission of link of Audio 
Recording of Investors Conference Call on Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) 
for Q1-FY24. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting herewith 
the transcript of the Investors Conference Call on the Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) of the Company for the First Quarter and Three Months’ period ended June 30, 2023 
made on July 31, 2023.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sanjaya Kunder 
(Company Secretary) 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
SANJAYA 
RAJU 
KUNDER
Digitally signed by SANJAYA RAJU KUNDER 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=7428, 
pseudonym=9fdeb5687d624d869f090b936
1568600, 
2.5.4.20=e1e7d44fe70d01431f3f8f9fbc5d57
9df83d4f144d97b964a056b828176242b3, 
postalCode=400083, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0cc5c938eb4e54110332d072
55e723e3bd1a6849c5d87c4f34e5bec3533a
a715, cn=SANJAYA RAJU KUNDER 
Date: 2023.08.04 18:53:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 33 
 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – APAR 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMBESH TIWARI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Apar Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ambesh Tiwari: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This is Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. I welcome you all to the Q1 FY '24 earnings call for Apar 
Industries. To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have from 
the management side, Mr. Kushal Desai, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai, Managing Director; and the CFO, Mr. 
Ramesh Iyer. 
I will now pass on to Mr. Kushal Desai, for opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Thank you, Ambesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Apar 
Industries Q1 FY '24 Earnings Call. Let me begin by giving you an overview 
of our performance. And then I'll follow that up with a short industry 
update. Post that, we can get into more detailed segmental performance 
of the three businesses. 
So, during Q1 FY '24, the consolidated revenue came in at INR3,773 
crores, which is 22% above the same period previous year. We witnessed 
an overall volume growth across all our three divisions, both in the 
domestic market as well as overseas. Our exports grew by 53% year-on-

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
year and coincidentally contributes to 53% of the overall revenue of the 
company compared to 42% from a year ago. 
The EBITDA is higher by 54% at INR369 crores at a margin of 9.8%. Profit 
after tax came in at INR197 crores, which is 61% higher than in the same 
period previous year, and is at 5.2% versus 4% in the year ago period. 
In terms of some industry highlights, according to the Central Electricity 
Authority, the data that they published on their website. India has added 
14,625 circuit kilometers of transmission line in FY '23. In the first quarter 
of FY '24, further 2,796 circuit kilometers of transmission lines were 
added. By FY '24-'25, a total of 28,700 circuit kilometers of transmission 
lines are expected to be added, making a total reach of about 4.5 lakh 
circuit kilometers. 
This expansion initiative is part of the Prime Minister's Gati Shakti Master 
Plan, which aims to enhance and strengthen India's power transmission 
infrastructure. A record high investment of INR75,500 crores 
approximately of transmission line projects has been approved by the 
center. And these will be awarded under the competitive billing route. 
These projects are basically expected to connect the renewable energy 
zone that are being set up in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and 
hydropower projects in Himachal Pradesh. The Ministry of New and 
Renewable Energy has a target of awarding 50 gigawatts per annum of 
renewable energy capacity, including 10 gigawatts per annum from wind 
energy between the years 2024 and 2028. 
Our belief is that even a portion of these aggressive plans get executed, 
the demand for conductors, cables and transformer oil will all remain 
strong.  

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
Coming to the more specific individual business highlights, the Conductor 
business revenue in the first quarter '24 grew by 15% year-on-year to reach 
INR1,775 crores with a volume growth of 27%. The export revenue grew 
by 58% year-on-year, contributing towards 57% of the division's revenues. 
The premium product basket contributed to 42% of the revenue mix. The 
EBITDA per metric ton post forex adjustment came in at INR38,740 per 
ton. 
Overall, our order book remains reasonably robust at INR5,356 crores. 
The conventional ACSR conductor in the tariff-based competitive bidding 
for the domestic market has now been upgraded to an AL59, which is a 
high-efficiency conductor. So, this is a very positive development for the 
country as there are significant advantages of using the AL59 conductor 
type over ACSR and is representative of the premiumization direction that 
the country is doing in. 
We are also seeing a gradual shift worldwide to an increased usage of 
specialized/ACCC-type conductors as customers are building more robust 
and higher capacity transmission system to evacuate power, especially 
from the renewable power sources. 
Coming to the performance of the Oil division. In the first quarter of FY 
'24, revenues came in at INR1,198 crores, which is up 13% year-on-year. 
The volume growth was also 13% in the quarter. And this has been an all-
time high volume sales for the first quarter of any year. Exports contributed 
to approximately 50% of revenues. The EBITDA post forex adjustments 
came in at INR6,035 per KL, which is lower than last year due to a higher 
base in the last year of Q1 but is in line with the guidance which we have 
been giving. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
The lubricants revenue came in at INR241 crores with a volume of about 
17,500 kilolitres. We expect that transformer oil and industrial oil, which 
saw increased demand in the quarter, will continue to show increase 
through the rest of the year. The retail automotive and the agricultural 
lubricants demand was a bit subdued in the first quarter. 
Coming to our cable business. The cable business revenues grew by 52% 
in the first quarter to reach INR967 crores, a with an increase coming from 
our elastomeric products as well as our exports. Our exports contributed 
towards 52% of sales in Q1 versus 43% a year ago. The EBITDA margin 
post forex came in at INR110 crores, which is 11.4% of revenues, up by 
3.8% compared to the previous period. All the sub verticals within the 
cable business have shown positive growth, including our B2C part of the 
business, which is the Anushakti house wires. 
So, in conclusion, I'd like to say that we had a positive start to FY '24 with 
volume-led growth across all divisions. However, in the short-term, we 
expect a bit of a slowdown in the export markets as there is a clear sign 
and signal of de-inventorization of excess inventories, especially in the 
United States and to some extent in Europe. 
Warehouses of many customers are full and they are reducing inventory, 
considering that the supply chains have normalized, and there is no need 
to hold higher inventory levels to compensate for uncertainty in deliveries, 
which are now available with significantly reduced lead time and with a 
much higher level of predictability along the delivery supply chain. 
There is also some effect of the higher interest rates, which has increased 
the carrying cost of inventory, and that is also partly contributing towards 
this effect. There are also some large projects, especially in the United 
States, that could be pushed back to allow for the widespread expectation 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
of interest rates to come off in the next 12 to 18 months, thereby allowing 
the total cost of the project to reduce for some of the developers. 
However, our discussions with various EPC players, customers and asset 
developers indicates that even if there is some delay, the building of these 
renewable energy projects, transmission lines and other infrastructure are 
all on stream and will happen. This could consequently affect demand in 
the short term, especially in the U.S. market. However, the domestic Indian 
market remains very robust. 
And as mentioned in my opening remarks, there are several projects which 
have been built and will be under execution. We continue to be focused 
on the long-term prospects of the company and remain committed to not 
only service the domestic market, but also increase actively our global 
customer presence, thereby creating what we believe would be the best 
value for our stakeholders. 
We have a very detailed corporate presentation that has been uploaded on 
the company's website. And I would encourage all of you to please look at 
the same as it carries much more information than what is possible to put 
forth in these opening remarks. 
So, with this, I'd like to come to the end of my comments. I thank all of you 
for joining our call today. And with this, could we open up the floor to 
questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Ankur Jain from Future 
Investments Private Limited. 
Ankur Jain: 
So, I have a question with respect to the Polymer division. So, recently, 
you mentioned in your annual report that the product APARPRENE was 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
approved by Hasbro, the world's largest Toy company. So, what is the 
revenue potential do you see in this business and the overall growth in the 
Polymer division? That is my first question. 
And second question is in respect to the cable B2C business that we have. 
We are kind of late entrants in this business. And now we have around 
2,000 retail touch points as compared to a competitor like Polycab who 
has 2.5 lakhs touch point. So, wanted to know like what is the way forward 
for this business? And like, how our products are better than competition 
in terms of quality and price? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
So, for the first question, Polymer business is relatively small compared to 
the other 3 businesses. And our recent approval with Hasbro will also open 
up doors for other toy companies everywhere in the world. And we see 
this business growing. The polymer business currently is about INR100 
crores revenue per annum. And over a period of time, with these 
approvals, we hope to get to INR200 crores to INR300 crores. We are 
making certain investments also in this polymer business, which is quite 
synergistic to our cable business. 
Kushal Desai: 
And your second question was with respect to the B2C side. So yes, we 
are late entrants, but as we've mentioned before, we have a very unique 
product. Our distributor network is constantly growing. Our retail presence 
is growing. And our whole focus has really been on educating electricians, 
contractors and specifiers. So, the level of demos and leads that we have 
in the first quarter is about 60% of the -- 50% to 60% of the leads that we've 
had in the entire last year. 
So, it's a gradual process of building brick-by-brick. And we don't want to 
buy a business. We want to grow the business organically and in a 
systematic manner because the product is a premium product. But if you 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
see the growth trajectory, it has been very steady and we expect it to 
continue over the next few years. So, besides the Anushakti wires, we are 
also selling through our distribution network, a whole range of light-duty 
cables, but Anushakti is our flagship product. 
Ankur Jain: 
So, what's like -- aspiration we have in this business in let's say like prices 
down the line? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, I mean, I think I've mentioned in some of the previous calls that we can 
see clear visibility of getting to about INR500 crores in FY '26. So, the 
business has been growing. Right now, it's been almost increasing 50% to 
70% a year. As the base number grows, the percentage may fall, but you 
keep adding significantly. And whenever we are able to demo the product, 
especially in front of decision makers, we have a very high probability that 
they go in for the wire because of its properties. 
Ankur Jain: 
Yes, okay. Can I just squeeze in one more question. We also have a 
wiring... 
Kushal Desai: 
Please limit to two questions and you can probably, if you don't mind, 
come back in the question queue, so that we can address everybody else's 
questions also, yes. 
Moderator: 
We move on to the next question that is from the line of Amit Anwani from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Amit Anwani: 
My first question is on the conductor’s business. You highlighted two things 
in your opening remarks. One was a port slowdown, which can be sensed 
in the short term. And at the same time, you also highlighted move towards 
premiumization with ACSR. So, I wanted to understand two things; are we 
now, since export is the largest contributors, sticking to our guidance of 
10% volume? And we also saw a realization dipping by 10%, so any sense 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
on what we are expecting? Are we changing our stance in conductors’ 
business? 
And second, this ACSI opportunity, how that is going to pan out for us? 
What is the addressable market? Any colour you can throw on that? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, we are not changing our guidance on all the 3 divisions. And 
Conductor, we continue to hold a volume growth of about 10% in terms of 
volume. And in terms of EBITDA, we expect it to be in the range of 
INR25,000 per metric ton plus the tailwinds that we get on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, because these orders are something that we get in domestic 
business as well as an export business. 
As mentioned in the opening remarks, the domestic business is quite 
robust and strong. And we don't expect a reduction in the volume at this 
stage. Also, in terms of profitability, we have been giving this guidance 
earlier also that we look at INR25,000 per metric ton. And this quarter, we 
had about INR38,000 per metric ton, which is in line with our guidance. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. My second question is on the Cables business. So, Cables, as you 
spoke about the de-inventorization happening across supply chain. There, 
what is the utilization or capex trajectory which you mentioned? Any colour 
on that? And if you could just highlight the breakup within Cables, which 
as you are already aware, that Elastomeric is growing much faster. Any 
colour on other divisions as well within cables, if you would like to highlight 
like power cable, XLPE? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, even in Cables, our capex guidance continues to what we'd mentioned 
in the last quarter. Overall, our capex for this year, for the next 12 to 18 
months are likely to be about INR350 crores to INR400 crores, about 2/3 
is going to be on cable, and that is unchanged. We are not changing any 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
of our guidance now because we believe the long-term growth prospects 
is very much on the cards. 
It's just that temporary momentum may or there could be some slight 
slippages on that front, but the long term looks very promising. And 
therefore, the capex plan remains unchanged as of now. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. For Premium products contribution, did we saw any slowdown? I 
can see 42% versus 47% Y-o-Y and HEC is just 20% versus 26% Y-o-Y. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So, quarter-on-quarter these percentages vary, it's very difficult to put 
that on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Typically, we look at the entire 12-month 
period. So, these depends on the orders that we executed during the 
period. And in our business, there is a lot of testing requirements and 
approvals in place. So, depending on the execution, this mix percentages 
can keep changing on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Kushal Desai: 
As we mentioned in the opening remarks, the premiumization drive is 
generally taking place across the board. So, as you start moving in time, 
like, for example, ACSR is now -- all the new building is coming with AL59. 
So, in a year's time, you will see a dramatic change in the domestic market 
on major transmission projects, where AL59 as a conductor will become 
the base product. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir, is it fair to assume that domestic market can deliver higher volume 
growth over the next 2, 3 years versus exports? 
Kushal Desai: 
We are very flexible in terms of wherever the -- we look at the domestic 
and the export market actually as just one market where wherever we get 
the best realizations carrying the least amount of risk, that's where we 
would like to focus. But our sense is that over the next 1, 2, 3 years, the 
mix is not going to vary very much because there is a lot of work that's 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
happening overseas. It's just the U.S. market, which for conductors has 
shown some amount of slowdown. 
There are all -- other markets also where there is a demand that's coming 
up even from Latin America, from Australia, from many other geographies. 
But we thought it would be prudent to mention and I think this is affecting 
all industries. It's not just our conductor and cable industry where the 
inventory levels that people were holding, they're finding today that those 
levels are too high because supply chains have got pretty much normalized 
and capacities, which were in place for not being effectively utilized by 
manufacturers because of their own supply chain issues, so those also have 
got sorted out. 
So, lead times and delivery times are much shorter than what they were 
during the COVID period plus there is no uncertainty today in terms of 
calling up containers, loading them on ships, clearing them through ports, 
etc. So, it's any natural de-inventorization process that's taking place. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Maulik Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Maulik Patel: 
A couple of questions. So, in the last 2, 3 years, the export in cable 
business has been very, very strong, and it has grown from, let's say, 20%, 
25% of the cable top line to now it's almost 50% plus top line. Is it because 
of our relationship with cable -- relationship in Conductor and TSO 
segments are opening this product into same customers? Or is there 
something else which has been driving this growth? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, there is a combination of 2 things at play. There are a few customers 
who are common in terms of conductors and cable, especially the very 
large EPC companies that have a division that builds transmission lines as 
well as the renewable energy sort of supply and erection at renewable 
energy sites. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
So, there is one group of those customers, but there are many customers 
who we have opened up for supply of both conductors and cable who are 
end utility. So, we are looking at that aspect also. So, you can't take away 
from the synergy value of both the conductor and cable. Though there are 
two sales teams, they collaborate with each other, but they call on 
customers individually. 
Maulik Patel: 
Got it. Second question is on the TSO segment. The volume growth has 
been strong and you mentioned in your opening remarks that because of 
the various government initiatives – the domestic demand across 
Conductor, TSO and cable has been good. So, is there anything else which 
has been driving the growth? I mean we understand that the government 
and the SEB has started procuring more transformers. That should be the 
one driver. But anything else which you may like to highlight? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, there are 2 major schemes which are there. One is the RDSS, which 
we have spoken about in the last call, where there is a rollout taking place 
for the rural distribution strengthening that's going on. There, the cable 
business will benefit more on the power cable side. 
As far as this -- the Gati Shakti is concerned, it is a transmission line initiative 
of building transmission lines connecting all these different green sites. 
And the third effect which is there is that these green sites are coming up 
with increased combination of wind and solar and both of them have a 
reasonable intensity of cables. So, you'll see all of these -- they are all 
drivers and these similar effects are there in the overseas markets also. 
Where you've got new transmission line is being built, you've got both 
wind and solar projects running. 
And in every case, there is some requirement of transformer oil because 
there is a substation that's involved which carries a transformer. So that's 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
the reason why in the opening remarks, I did mention that over the next 3, 
4 years, we should see a good demand coming forward for transformer is 
also on a global basis. 
Maulik Patel: 
Just a bookkeeping question what has been our acceptance for this 
quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So, our interest-bearing LC outstanding is about INR3,700 crores as 
of June 
Maulik Patel: 
That was INR4,100 crores sometimes in the end of March, right? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh from DSP. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is, you've 
talked about some weakness in the U.S. market. Sir, do you think that some 
of the other markets which you have talked about like Latin America and 
Europe, they'll be able to compensate for that in the near term? And when 
do you see that the U.S. market can come back again because earlier you 
had highlighted there were large mega projects which are going on in 
terms of the power infrastructure in U.S., and that could create some more 
longer-term sustainable demand. So, if you can touch upon this aspect. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. So, there is -- a similar effect is there even in Europe as in the United 
States, where there is a higher inventory levels in place. So, most customers 
are talking about a 3 to 4 months period where ordering will be at a slower 
pace, that pretty much -- it's not that there is no ordering. There's ordering 
to cover up for -- making sure that the mix of product is appropriate, but 
you know that the free flow of demand should probably pick up in the next 
-- maybe at the end of this quarter or in 3 to 4 months sort of time limit. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
In terms of the mega projects and some of the larger projects that are 
concerned, as I mentioned earlier, none of them have been stalled. There 
is a widespread expectation that interest rates are now peaking, and there 
could be a likelihood that in the next 6 to 12 months, the rates would 
actually start maybe coming down. And there are some developers who 
are contemplating that. And as a consequence, looking at deferring that 
project. 
But I don't think that it is a matter of serious worry for us simply because of 
the number of project sites all over the world, which are actively coming 
up. So, even if a developer who is looking at wanting to develop 3 sites, 
they may focus on 1 or 2 sites and then defer the third site. So overall, I 
think we'll still see good demand overseas. 
And on the domestic side, so there is none of that effect because most of 
it is based on the government approving transmission lines for the green 
corridors that are coming up as well as SECI and the Ministry of Renewable 
Energy approving tenders to go out for solar and wind farm. So overall, 
Charanjit, I don't see any huge concern. There may be a few months, little 
bit here or there. But given the nature of the business, which is a bit long 
cycle, the long cycle is still pretty much intact. The medium term, long term 
is very much strong. And in fact, looking stronger by the day, given the 
number of commitments which people are looking at putting forward in 
terms of executing down this path. 
I must also mention here that in some of the tenders which we are filling in 
for conductors, already customers are asking for the carbon footprint. So, 
they're not only asking for your Scope 1, Scope 2, but also the embedded 
carbon footprint, part of Scope 3, which is in terms of what is the carbon 
content of the aluminium that you're sourcing, etc 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
So, this whole ESG movement is really here to stay. And as long as that 
continues in this manner, there will only be an acceleration of execution. 
Like for example, if you see the power mix in India, it has improved from 
almost 78%, 79% hydrocarbon-based down to about 71% hydrocarbon-
based. And if this execution continues, we'll be in the mid-60s in another 
couple of years. So, I hope that kind of gives you an overall view of the 
question that you asked. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Yes, sir. That's very helpful. Sir my other question is on the transformer oil 
part of the business. When we are looking at most of the transformer 
manufacturers, the outlook from their side is pretty strong, and they are 
adding significant capacities. So, in a way, then, do you expect this 
transformer oil segment also in terms of volume growth can be much higher 
than generally single-digit growth, what we have seen with the kind of 
outlook which transformer manufacturers have? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we expect that the volume growth should definitely take place. And the 
5% growth that we are projecting is for the entire basket of products, as I 
mentioned in my opening remarks that of that transformer oil and our 
industrial lubricants are probably the 2 categories where we are most 
bullish in terms of growth. So, essentially, moment you have a solar farm 
or a wind farm that comes up, there is a substation that is required then to 
step up the power on to a transmission line. 
And then, at the other end, another substation is required to step it down 
for the distribution to take place. So, with this activity that's happening 
here, the collateral benefit is going to come to the transformer oil side. 
And we still maintain 40%-plus market share in the domestic market. We 
are, by far, the largest exporter from India on the transformer oil side. So, 
that part of the business will continue to grow. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Congratulations on a great set of numbers again. Wanted to understand 
regarding your realizations for the year for the segment, how do you see 
that take along? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, the realization is actually a function of multiple factors and it depends 
on the price of aluminium, copper. It also depends on the price of the base 
oil that happens. We typically look at margins and also look at premium 
products and export products in terms of who drive the per unit 
profitability. But our realization will depend on the orders and there are 
multiple factors that basically decide the realization levels. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: So example, our realization, is it booked now, let's say for the, like A; sort 
of contract orders, is it variable or fixed? And B, is there a pass-through? 
And then C; regarding the -- do OP per ton accordingly fluctuate or is it 
more in a band when we do our contract? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So it's a combination of both variable and fixed. We have all kinds of 
orders that comes through. And aluminium and copper are completely 
pass-through. We complete -- we take a back-to-back hedging for both the 
conductor and cable business. In the case of oil, it cannot be hedged. So 
we keep inventories of about 2 months. And to some extent, we are -- 
sometimes we have inventory gains in some quarters, we have inventory 
losses, which averages out over a long period of time. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: And your OP per ton, is that always in a band or how does that usually 
fluctuate? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Sorry, what is that? 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Sir your OP per ton, so your OP per unit, how would that play along? 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we self-control the operating or the EBITDA. So, in fact, we go above 
that, we had to control the value addition that we have or the gross margin 
on the product. And as Ramesh says, the aluminium and copper are pass-
throughs. So, if it is a variable, we would buy on the index that's part of 
the variable and if it's fixed then we take the LME position -- duration on 
any of the metals. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Okay. So that was OP per ton, would be broad-based -- would be 
consistently in the same range. We won't have too much fluctuations like 
maybe some other? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the variation is based only on your competitive intensity for that 
particular product based on what the order has come in. So, as you get 
into more premium products, you have more pricing power as you have 
more commodity products, then the competitive levels are higher in nature. 
So you could have a fluctuation in the operating margin, but it's not caused 
by generally a huge fluctuation in the basic metals because those are either 
variable or they are hedged on a fixed price basis. 
And your question, as Ramesh has tried to answer that question in terms of 
-- the revenue will depend upon which direction aluminium and copper 
moves in. So, off-late we've seen commodities sort of strengthening a little 
bit. especially in the crude and gas oil. So, in that case, with a lag of a 
couple of months, it pretty much gets passed on, into the market. 
Generally, when there is an increase, then we tend to gain. When there is 
a decrease, then prices tend to fall a little sooner because customers get 
overly anxious to negotiate down. But, overall, we don't see a very complex 
environment on commodities. Whatever movements are there, they'll be 
flattish or they will be gradual. That's our sense. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Sure. And sir, one question regarding competitive intensity. See, since our 
factories now might be running at higher utilization, so we were able to 
pass on some of the cost advantages. Anything along the lines there of 
what's happening globally in terms of competitive intensity? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, globally, the competitive intensity has increased in the last earnings call 
also, I've mentioned that China, a lot of supply-related issues in China also 
have got straightened out, just like the rest of the world because these 
COVID effects are behind us. 
So, the competitive intensity has increased. And that is the reason why we 
have been talking about our guidance on conductors of INR25,000 per 
ton from a higher level than existed last year. But having said that, we are 
quite confident that we'll be able to live up to whatever guidance’s we've 
given. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments. 
Riya Mehta: 
My question is basically predominantly in the Cables division. Sir, we are 
seeing a sequential decline in the Cable order book, so where is this 
coming from? And could you guide us in the pipeline for the same? 
Kushal Desai: 
So you know in the cable business, the order book is not as critical as in 
the Conductor business, because the conductor business is a much longer 
cycle than cable, where there is a lot of inquiries and transaction flow that's 
taking place. What we are seeing today is that the orders coming from the 
United States have slowed down. And as I mentioned, will be soft for the 
next few months until inventory levels start straightening out. 
Against that, the offtake in the domestic side has been stronger and there, 
the order cycle is much shorter. You get an order and you start executing 
within days of getting the order. So, the order book, I don't think on the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
cable side actually is a measure of that. Having said that, we do have an 
order book of almost INR1,000 crores. So, it's covering at least 1 quarter 
worth of sales. 
Riya Mehta: 
How much will be export in this cable order book? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
About 50% would be exports. 
Riya Mehta: 
And if I look margins, should we expect further decline in the margins 
considering that the export percentage would go down and domestic 
would increase in the cable division? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So we are guiding a margin of 10% to 12%, which should be around 
that levels. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. In terms of Oil division, since we are seeing crude going up tad bit 
on a fortnightly basis, how does this impact margins? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, this will actually happen over a period of time because you know it 
depends on what inventory you are carrying.  
Kushal Desai: 
In the short term, usually when prices go up, there is a benefit that takes 
place because when you buy your base oil on a contract basis, then the 
contract formula takes -- there are backward-looking formula. So, you get a 
breather in terms of time before it comes and hits you. 
But on the reverse cycle, when prices come down, the reverse happens 
where the contract formula takes the same amount of time longer for it to 
come down. So that's why Ramesh has been saying that up and down, it 
kind of negate each other, but this cycle, if prices go up, then you tend to 
benefit at least in the short term. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratiksha Daftari from Aequitas 
Investments. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Just wanted to understand the order book for the Conductor division. This 
would be for 6 months? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, typically, its range is about 6 to 7 months. Of course, there are still 
some orders within that order book wherein the execution time happens 
over a period of 1 year also. So otherwise, generally, it's about 6 to 7 
months with the exception of few orders having long execution period. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And what would be the contribution of value-added products, 
specifically HEC and OPGW in this order book? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So, it's about -- it's about 45%. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Both put together? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. The premium products that we call. These could be about 45% of the 
order book. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And this -- the whole idea of basically destocking or lesser demand 
or -- that we are seeing, that would be predominantly or completely in 
export market, right? How do we look at order pipeline in domestic 
market? 
Kushal Desai: 
So Pratiksha, on the domestic side; see, even in the export side, the PV 
cable, the solar and PV, etc, the demand still fundamentally remains strong. 
It's just for destocking where people realize that they don't need to carry 
that level of inventory anymore for servicing their project size. But domestic 
side, the demand has been strong. The competitive intensity is a bit higher 
than in export because in exports, you need a lot of approvals, especially 
if you want to export to the United States, you need the U.L. approval, if 
you want to export to Europe, you need a CE or a VDE approval. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
The domestic market is a bit more open and more competitive, but we are 
finding that not only power cables, where demand has been growing for 
wind and some of the more specialty cables also. So I think as Ramesh has 
mentioned that we are looking at a 25% to 30% growth for the business as 
a whole and an EBITDA guidance of between 10% and 12%. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. And just one last question. You may have mentioned Gati Shakti and 
you mentioned RDSS as policies that are -- how do you look at BharatNet 
as an opportunity for our products? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, BharatNet is also an opportunity for our optical fiber side of the 
business. And -- but some of that is just still getting crystallized in terms of 
how the -- it's very clear that there is a huge, about INR35,000 crores worth 
of turnkey projects that are going to come on stream for BharatNet, but the 
modalities of how it will be executed is still not completely finalized, and 
that should come out in the next few weeks, but that opportunity is 
absolutely there. 
Pratiksha Daftari: 
Okay. But that will be, again, competition intensive, right? 
Kushal Desai: 
Well, if it's on a turnkey basis, yes, it will be but then, you know, each 
package INR2,000 crores to INR3,000 crores, and it generally entails 
about 10% of cables and then the remaining 90% is accessories write-off, 
way of digging, you know all these other aspects. But the ticket of each will 
be over INR2,000 crores, INR2,000 crores to INR3,000 crores each 
package. So the competitive intensity is there, but it cannot be that high 
because the players only with a requisite balance sheet would be in a 
position to bid for that business. 
You need to provide bank guarantees and all these other things, which are 
not the easiest to come by. And besides that, we see also as the 5G rollout 
-- right now, you don't see a big amount of 5G rollouts. But around the 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
world, 5G rollouts are starting to take place, where you have a combination 
of fiber optic and copper because the pipelines which are laid, it's much 
faster to lay. 
You don't have to lay a separate fiber optic line and a separate power line. 
So when you have the combination in a single cable, you end up cutting 
your laying cost by half. We play a significant role in the U.S. and some of 
the other markets. So that's another area which we are looking at various 
products are under testing, approval, etc, on the fiber optic and power 
side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kishan Tosniwal from Polar Ventures 
LLP 
Kishan Tosniwal: 
I have one question that as you mentioned like in the Conductor division, 
the premium conductors will become the new norm or the new normal. So, 
why are we guiding for INR25,000 EBITDA realization when we are seeing 
that the premium products will become the new normal, then why so low 
guidance from realization of conductors? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, typically, ACSR conductors carried guidance for decades, which were 
in the INR8,000, INR9,000 crores, INR10,000 per ton. And so then 
getting to INR25,000 plus is a good step up to that. So, our expectation is 
that it should be in that range. This move is a relatively new move of CEA 
having approved this AL59, which is one of the high-efficiency conductors 
in there. And so, over a period of time, we will be able to determine exactly 
where that margin level will fall because today, there are 5, 6 major players 
who can do AL159 versus about 30, 35 players who would have bid against 
ACSR sort of contract or tender. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
I'm sure some of those 30 players who'd all make this cable will also try to 
make -- sorry, conductor, will try to make this conductor. But all I can say is 
that it is a positive direction. 
Kishan Tosniwal: 
So, in continuation to that, in the last con call, you were guiding in the 
range of INR25,000 to INR30,000. Now you are saying INR25,000 plus. 
But now you are not saying INR250,00 to 30,000, that range can be... 
Kushal Desai: 
We were very -- we've always guided INR25,000-plus any tailwind effects 
which are there, and those tailwind effects do happen where you've got 
sometimes more favourable freight, sometimes you've got certain 
execution that happens sooner and faster than had been anticipated. But 
we've not changed our guidance. It's still remaining at INR25,000-plus any 
tailwinds that actually come by. And as you go quarter by quarter, some of 
the freight benefits and all will obviously level itself out. So you'll be then 
down to the basic intrinsic strength of the margins on the underlying 
products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from o3 PMS. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes. See, I -- in the starting of the thing, we stated that the slowdown 
we are seeing or expecting in conductors is there in the export. Do you 
expect that similar slowdown can also come in the cables business because 
both the end markets would be similar, okay? And even on the DSO. 
And should not this slowdown be for all the segments? Means, why only 
conductors, any thoughts of yours on that? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, as I mentioned that there is an effect on both cables and conductors. 
And it's an effect that's happening across almost every product line that's 
being exported to the United States, because they were all holding higher 
inventory levels due to all the uncertainties and lead times for delivery. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
As those are normalizing, it is natural that the deliveries -- I mean, the 
inventory levels fall. And today, especially with the high interest rates, the 
cost of carrying higher inventory is also a big burden. So, that is also 
catalyzing some level of de-inventorization. So, we are seeing it in both 
product categories. Fortunately, the domestic demand has been quite 
robust. So, that's the reason why we're not changing guidance really for 
the year. 
You may have a temporary fall in export as a percentage of total revenues. 
But in the -- once this process in the next few months gets settled, you'll 
find demand in both the sectors, both domestic as well as export continuing 
to be quite strong. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And the cable exports should be majorly -- predominantly to U.S. 
only? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the U.S. is the largest export market that we have. But we are seeing 
good demand from Australia and we have some amount of demand 
coming and growing even from Europe. There are projects that are still 
continuing in Africa, which are African Development World Bank aided. It 
-- we will export product to multiple countries around the world. So even 
though the U.S. is the largest and there is a bit of a temporary slowdown 
over there. We expect overall the market to still be good -- the export market 
to still be good. And other geographies are starting to pick up. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And one last thing. The transformer oils or the Oils business, 
do you think the numbers are sustainable and the market has -- means the 
pressures of high-priced inventory and all those are now far behind. And 
that INR6,000 is sustainable on... 
Kushal Desai: 
So, I think the INR6,000 per KL, I mean we've guided at INR5,500 a KL 
for the year. And I think as you run through the remaining 3 quarters, we 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
should be able to -- as things look today, we should be able to reach those 
numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujal from Girik Capital. 
The lines of the current participant have dropped off. We'll move to the 
next, that is from the line of Vishal Kediya an Individual Investor. 
Vishal Kediya: 
Sir, how much exports are contributed from U.S. in the Conductors and 
Cable segment? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Which Conductor is it? 
Vishal Kediya: 
How much exports are contributed from U.S. in conductors and cable 
segments. 
Kushal Desai: 
What is a percentage of... 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Out of our total exports, total cable quarter sales to U.S. will be about 25% 
to 28%, total sales 
Kushal Desai: 
Any other questions, Vishal? 
Vishal Kediya: 
And is the cable segment, sir? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Cable is what I mentioned. 
Kushal Desai: 
Cable is around 28% of total sales. And in the case of Conductors, it is 
also in the 20s. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pawan Nahar, an individual Investor. 
Pawan Nahar: 
My question is, we have a very robust order book for conductors, more 
than 3 quarters of current quarter revenues. So, we would have a good 
sense how many more quarters the tailwinds on spreads are likely to 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
continue. So, if you can talk a little about that, 1 quarter, 2 quarters, 3 
quarters? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So, some of the orders, Pawan, the execution happens over a period 
of time. It's not that all these orders come on a first-in first-out basis. We 
get these orders and some of the orders execution, in fact, can even start 
1 year down the line. So, what is reflected here is the entire order book 
that we have as of now. 
Kushal Desai: 
So, the bulk of, I would say, 75%, 80% of these orders are to be executed 
over the next 6 to 7 months. And as Ramesh has mentioned earlier, there 
is a few which actually runs longer. Our sense is that within this period, 
there will be new orders which will come up. So, it's a completely moving... 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It's a moving number, yes. 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, it's a moving number. So if you take the U.S. market, Pawan, there 
are a bunch of utilities, almost about 30 utilities, which are very large 
utilities. There are 3,000 utilities which are much smaller utilities. So, those 
smaller utilities for their maintenance and capex requirement, they rely on 
distributors. These distributors have high level of stock. So as their stock 
decrease over the next 3 to 4 months, they will come back into the market 
to stock and carry. 
The stock levels will not go up to the levels that they were because they 
don't need to. But then the demand flow will start coming based on the 
way the execution is happening. For the larger utilities, they have now we 
-- they move towards direct purchases. And even they are reducing their 
stock level because they don't need to carry as much stock. So, our sense 
is that most of the de-inventorization process will be a 3-to-4-month process. 
It's not going to be like a 1-year sort of situation. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
I had also mentioned that there are certain big asset aggregators that are 
there, like we have even in India, a few. So, some of them, if they've got 
multiple projects running, they are reducing the number of simultaneous 
projects that they're executing today, waiting to -- deferring a few projects 
since the interest rates may come down. So, they're concentrating on 
accelerating a certain set of projects and slowing down some others. So, 
as far as final demand equation is concerned, we don't see any huge 
impacts or change taking place. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Let me mention the demand side, actually, I want to say congratulations for 
me because I've been watching you all over a decade. I mean U.S. is 20% 
plus of our conductor business, that's like quite huge. I'm sorry, I missed 
it. And cables it is more than 25%, impressive. So sooner or later, they'll 
come back. But my question was more on the spread side that we are 
saying, conductors, INR25,000 is the normal plus the tailwind. So, my -- 
what I'm saying is, we have a certain amount of order book. We know what 
will be distributed in the next 2, 3 quarters. So, for how many more quarters 
can we expect this tailwind to continue before it goes to INR25,000. That's 
the question. 
Kushal Desai: 
You'll find that the tailwind is -- the velocity on that is reducing because as 
you execute orders where you carried a higher freight than current freight, 
etc; as the execution is getting done, you're monetizing that. And the new 
orders that are coming in are more in line with current freight and current 
cost structures, which are in place. So, our sense is that you will finally get 
to that INR25,000 level. 
The tailwind also comes not only from freight and things, but also in the 
product mix. So there are a whole lot of projects which have been built 
upon. And then as they get fructified, then you could have the mix altering 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
on a positive side. But otherwise, considering all factors, INR25,000 is 
what we had thrown up as a long-term sustainable number. 
Pawan Nahar: 
I understand that long term INR25,000, which is amazing. All I'm saying 
is, we have a certain amount of order book, we will have some spend about 
next 2 quarters, right? So can we -- like all I'm trying to get to is, 
incrementally I understood INR25,000, but this tailwind from -- is there in 
the existing order book is my understanding. So can we expect this tailwind 
to continue for the next 2 quarters? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes, yes. So, there will be some effect of that for the next 2 quarters. It will 
start -- the effect will start tapering off, but there will be an effect over the 
next 2 quarters. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It will not be a steep fall. It was wane down naturally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, just largely wanted to 
understand on the export side. I mean, given the fact we are seeing some 
amount of slowdown in the exports. Just wanted to understand the 
profitability improvement, which has happened, right, from INR17,000 per 
metric ton to INR58,000 kind of a metric ton and starting getting 
normalizing. So just wanted to understand, what was the profitability, which 
was driven by higher exports. If you can throw some light as to what is the 
realization difference in EBIT -- realization difference per metric ton for U.S. 
business and for domestic business, that will be really helpful. 
And just my second question was on the competition side. I mean last time 
you had mentioned that some of the Chinese suppliers have, once again, 
started to get entry, especially in the U.S. conductors’ business. So, what 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
is the stand as of now? I mean, how is the Chinese part playing out 
specifically on U.S. conductors? Just wanted to understand that. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. This INR17,000 to INR58,000 per metric ton is the combination of 
various things that has happened. You had all your tailwinds, which 
includes this supply chain disruption that happened and China plus 1 
happened and then you have the renewable energy push in the U.S. And 
also a lot of distributors wanting to just fill up their warehouses. 
So it's a combination of multiple things that has gone up. And in addition 
to that, we had our own premiumization that happened within APAR where 
we could – premium conductors there. So it's really multiple combination 
and there's no one number that can be attributable to what actually 
increased. So that's the reason we are still guiding at INR25,000 plus a 
tailwind because we expect some of the tailwinds will definitely continue 
over next 2, 3 quarters and some may even continue perpetually, depends 
on the competitive intensity and China Plus 1 strategy. 
Kushal Desai: 
The U.S. is not -- your second question was that the China Plus 1 with 
respect to the U.S. So, the Chinese players, as I've mentioned earlier also, 
are not the biggest threat in the U.S. market because the -- currently, the 
tariffs for Chinese products still remain higher than for Indian products. 
The competitive intensity of Chinese manufacturers is showing up in other 
geographies where they do not have any differentiated tariffs and in some 
cases case, they actually have a more favourable tariffs than Indian 
companies, which are in certain Latin American markets. 
So, the Chinese competition has definitely increased, but it's not in the 
U.S. It's in --- the United States, Australia, etc, are kind of staying away from 
the Chinese suppliers. It's more in Europe, Latin America, etcetera, maybe 
in Africa, where their presence is being felt today. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir. Sir, just wanted to understand the realization difference for non-
premium products, I mean, what is the realization difference for U.S. and 
non-U.S. or/and domestic market? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, there's just so many orders and it's very difficult to pin any such 
number. All I can say is that the strategy has been to take standard products 
and sell them as much as possible in premium markets and take premium 
products and then sell them as much as possible in the domestic market, 
especially on the conductor side by selling a turnkey solution for the HTLS, 
ACCC, etc. The copper products, which are there, we are inherently 
carrying a higher margin and are more specific in their application. So, 
such a level of granularity, something that we would not be able to provide. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pujan Shah from Congruence 
Advisers. 
Pujan Shah: 
Only one -- not a clarification, but a question would be, if we look at the 
specific HEC component, which has been decreasing in the total mix, if 
we assume that the total mix would remain the same as the last quarter, 
would we get to achieve the same EBITDA per metric ton, what we have 
achieved in the last quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So the EBITDA, it depends on this HEC as well as exports. So, and all this 
depends on the level execution over there. 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. But if you assume... 
Kushal Desai: 
We don’t have a like-to-like reduction in HEC, but you've got HEC 
contributes towards some 20%-odd of the total basket. So, the remaining 
products also -- it's a moving mix, which is taking place. 
Kushal Desai: 
See, the HEC will be in the same vicinity plus or minus 3%. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
Pujan Shah: 
Okay. And second question would be on the polymers business. So, how 
much your total capital we like to invest in this specific -- for this year and 
the next year? And yes, we are assuming that to see growth to INR200 
crores, INR300 crores. But are we mainly focusing for -- like is it for the 
cable business or that the polymer can be used or it is used probably -- 
specific for the reason of -- purpose of the sale? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Our investment will be in the tune of about INR35 crores, and part of it will 
be to grow the polymer business, partly for the in-house requirement for 
cables and also to sell those same products outside our in-house 
requirements, other applications other than for cable industry also 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khandelwal from Securities 
Investment Management. 
Aditya Khandelwal: I have a couple of questions regarding our oil business. So, if you could 
bifurcate the volume share of different products like transformer oil, white 
oil and industrial process oils from the total volumes? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, we've never given a guidance in terms of the exact breakup of the 
transformer oil, white oils, etc. But we've given the details in terms of the 
lubricant side of the business, which is at INR241 crores, and that's about 
17,500 KL -- kiloliters, out of -- a total of about 1,35,000 kiloliters in total. 
Aditya Khandelwal: I just wanted a rough break-up of the 1,30,000 KL which we sold, what 
would be the proportion of transformer oil, white oils, just a rough 
proportion? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, yes, transformer oil, is yes, about a third. 
Kushal Desai : 
Yes, probably 30% to 35%, and white oil is about 30%, 28% to 30%. And 
the lubricants are forming about 17,500 out of 1, 30,000. 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
Aditya Khandelwal: So, sir, the 13% year-on-year volume growth, which we witnessed with 
lubricants showing a flat growth and white oil being a slow-growing 
segment, would it be fair to say that we would have grown by more than 
15% in the transformer oil segment? 
Kushal Desai: 
We've had a double-digit growth in that quarter in transformer oil as well 
as in industrial -- on the industrial lubricant side. So, I would see these 
businesses, it's difficult to just take a quarter and if you look really at the -- 
you've got to really look at 12-month periods to be able to make a call. Our 
general sense is that transformer volumes will grow, given the amount of 
infrastructure on the power side that's going in not only in India but around 
the world. So, the lead product in -- one of the lead products will be 
transformer oil. 
Aditya Khandelwal: Sure. And sir, I just wanted to get a better understanding of working of 
industrial lubricant business. So, are these products sold directly to the 
customers or they are sold through distribution channels? And are they 
sold primarily on price or is there some element of branding also involved? 
Kushal Desai: 
So, larger accounts are sold by us directly. Smaller accounts, we have an 
extensive distribution setup because industrial oils for some customers, 
they would buy just 1 barrel or 2 barrels. So, distributors take care of that. 
In terms of performance, branded and non-branded, you have 
fundamentally multiple categories. So, the performance products, high-
performance products and products, which you've got to sell along with 
the service are the two which are more sticky in nature. 
They either carry OEM approvals or they are much higher performance 
products there. The lubrication requirement is lubricating a machinery of 
very high value. So that segment is a branded segment. Then there is -- all 
of it is branded. But you may have hydraulic oil and some of these which 

 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
are less critical. Within Hydraulics also if you're running high injection 
molding machines and some of these more expensive equipment, then 
they would carry OEM approvals. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Kushal Desai, for his closing comments. 
Kushal Desai: 
I'd like to thank all of you for joining our Q1 FY '24 earnings call. Just in 
conclusion, I'd say that we've had a good start to FY '24, and we expect 
that all the long-term indicators -- the medium and long-term indicators 
remain intact. In the short term, there could be some adjustments in 
demand in a few export markets like the United States, but the domestic 
market remains robust. And we continue to be very optimistic of our 
business in the quarters and years to come. So, once again, thank you very 
much for joining our call 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members for the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Apar Industries Limited, that concludes this conference call. We 
thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
