 
 
 
 
NAVA /SECTL /239 /2023-24 
August 10, 2023 
  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ‘NAVA’ 
  
Dept. of Corp. Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
  
Scrip Code: ‘513023’ / ‘NAVA 
 
Dear Sirs, 
  
Sub :  Transcript of Conference Call. 
  
Ref :  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015: Transcript of the Conference call with investors. 
--o0o-- 
  
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on                       
August 07, 2023 on the operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023. 
 
This is also available  on the Company’s website at www.navalimited.com/financials/ 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for NAVA LIMITED 
(Formerly Nava Bharat Ventures Ltd.) 
  
  
 
 
VSN Raju 
Company Secretary  
& Vice President 
 
Encl: as above. 
VEGESINA 
SATYANARA
YANA RAJU
Digitally signed by VEGESINA SATYANARAYANA 
RAJU 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=500034, st=TELANGANA, 
street=FLAT NO F1 PLOT NO 9 ANU CASTLE ,ROAD 
NO 2 ,HYDERABAD,BANJARAHILLS ,500034, 
l=HYDERABAD, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=099aedbdf0ea61d46f290fc583a05d
391909bd7d334df846961c7b0bd39cddfe, 
pseudonym=a45bbff9dcc54f72975e0b535a2e94ef, 
2.5.4.20=8b972cc9b2179a8625ff7798a540a19c191
9da3cf22e92cc8411706920360ac2, 
email=VSN.RAJU@NAVALIMITED.COM, 
cn=VEGESINA SATYANARAYANA RAJU 
Date: 2023.08.10 16:52:09 +05'30'

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 1 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
 
 
 
      
          
 
 
 
      Nava Limited 
                                                (Formerly Nava Bharat ventures Ltd.) 
 
           Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time: 07/08/2023, 11:30 Hrs. 
 
            
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Ashwin Devineni, Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Nikhil Devineni, Senior Vice President 
Mr. Sultan Baig, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. VSN Raju, Company Secretary and Vice President 
 
MODERATOR 
 
Mr. Bharat Jain-ICICI Securities Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 2 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
Moderator : 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Vidya, moderator for the conference call. 
Welcome to Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all the participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need any assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing 
* then 0 on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is recorded. 
I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Bharat Jain from ICICI 
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Bharat Jain:  
 Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome you to the Q1 FY24 earnings 
call of Nava Limited.  
 
From the Management today, we have with us Mr. Ashwin Devineni-Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Nikhil Devineni-Senior Vice President, Mr. Sultan A.Baig-
Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. VSN Raju- Company Secretary and Vice 
President.  
 
With this, I will hand over the call to the management to give their opening 
remarks. And after that, we’ll open it up for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Ashwin Devineni:          Thank you, everyone, and greetings to all on the investors call. Thank you for 
joining. I'm delighted to put forward the impressive financial results of Nava 
Limited for the quarter ended 30th June 2023. We have once again achieved several 
remarkable milestones reinforcing our position as a leading diversified 
conglomerate in metals, energy, mining and emerging business. On a consolidated 
basis, we’ve reached our highest ever quarterly EBITDA of INR 572.4 crore and a 
profit of INR 342.7 crore, a testament to our strong performance. Despite 
challenges in the metals division, our Company continued the trend. Notably, 
Maamba Collieries Limited (MCL) achieved significant milestones including the 
repayment of an overdue loan of INR 890 crore, which relates to US$108 million, 
clearing the entire overdue loan.  
 
MCL made substantial progress in reducing receivables under the arbitration 
award. The due amount now stands as INR 2,735 crore against the total of INR 
4,763 crores. MCL also gained an impressive 95.2% plant availability, contributing 
to exceptional financial performance and improved cash flows. The mining 
division saw a turnaround in external coal sales due to effective marketing efforts. 
Looking ahead, we anticipate MCL to realize the balance receivables from ZESCO 
as per the agreed payment plan.  
 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 3 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
Our energy segment maintains its impressive momentum achieving the remarkable 
31.6% growth in revenue compared to the previous quarter driven by improved 
operational performance in Orissa and Telangana power plants.  
 
While our Manganese Alloys business faced challenges due to weak demand in the 
export market, we actively explored new market opportunities to drive sales 
growth. On the other hand, the Energy division significantly improved its 
operational and financial performance during the quarter offsetting the lower 
revenue in the Ferro Alloys division. Overall, our consolidated revenue reflects 
sustainable growth with healthy increases in both EBITDA and profit before tax. I 
extend my gratitude to our dedicated team and value stakeholders and shareholders 
for their unwavering support. Nava Limited remains committed to delivering 
exceptional performance and creating sustainable value for all stakeholders. Given 
the above, we would like to proceed with a question-and-answer session and 
request you all to seek clarification as you may desire. Thank you. 
 
Q&A 
 
Moderator:   
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and 
wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw your request, 
you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. The first question comes from Srikrishna 
Agarwal, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Srikrishna Agarwal:  First of all, I congratulate the management of the company for their excellent 
financial performance. I have two questions. The first one is that the company is 
having INR 414 crores of cash and cash equivalent. So, what are the plans for the 
utilization of this cash balance?  
 
  
My second question is, you have a vast experience in your business of this ferro 
alloys. This division is not doing well. So, what is your future outlook about this 
segment? 
 
Mr. Sultan A.Baig :    Okay. Thank you, Mr. Agarwal. Coming to the first question of the cash available 
in the Company. So, the cash will be utilized partly for distribution and partly for 
future growth prospects. 
 
Nikhil Devineni:   
Mr. Agarwal, let me answer your second question. As you rightly pointed out, the 
ferro alloys industry is going through a challenging time. We witnessed a drop of 
prices to the extent of almost 15% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Having said that 
India is turning out to be a bright light in terms of both steel production as well as 
ferro alloys production. This particular quarter we have surpassed Japan to be the 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 4 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
second largest producer of steel. Now, going forward we project that, post the 
monsoon seasons, we would see a revival in terms of finished goods prices. This is 
primarily because of the construction sector, which accounts for almost 60% of 
steel consumption. That particular sector is right now going through a loss, but the 
post monsoon we see that the sector will be revived. And as a result, that would 
have a positive impact even on the ferro alloys’ prices. 
 
Srikrishna Agarwal:  Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot for the detailed answer. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Jatin Damania from Kotak. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Jatin Damania:  
Sir, just wanted to check the last proceeds that we received from MCL, was US$60  
million. Have you received any further proceeds on the arbitration amount? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Mr. Damania, we received, like you rightly said US$60 million, post that they’re 
essentially paying us based on an agreed monthly plan. So, every month we receive 
a different amount based on the plan. So, after the US$60 million we received $5 
million more from ZESCO in relation to the arbitration award. 
 
Jatin Damania : 
That was probably during the month of June. So, any money which is due in the 
month of July and August? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Yes. July, the amount is actually $40 million that we are to receive. And what we 
hear from the utilities our payment is being processed. Today is of course it’s a 
public holiday there, but we expect to get that sometime during this week. 
 
Jatin Damania:  
Yes, sir, that’s a good amount. But, now since the major overdue which we hardly 
paid in the last quarter, post this I just wanted to understand the capital allocation 
policy and as a Company have we framed any roadmap in terms of expansion in 
Zambia and the ferrochrome in the domestics business? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Yes, so firstly, with regards to the amount. Although we have cleared the overdue 
amount, there are still certain conditions and requirements that we need to meet 
prior to us being able to start distribution. So, the Company is currently working 
hard to meet those conditions so that the vendors permit distribution. Once 
distribution is permitted, then that money comes to the parent Company and could 
be used for various actions with regard to plans on how to utilize the money. Firstly, 
I think we're looking to reduce our debt. Secondly, we're looking at funding a lot 
of our growth plans. In terms of our growth plans, we're looking at expanding in 
Zambia with another phase, discussions on Phase 2 for another 300 megawatts are 
currently underway with the government and the relevant authorities. 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 5 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
In Ivory Coast, we are looking at expanding our metals business. Currently, we are 
conducting exploration activities on manganese mines there. And there is a 
possibility we could even set up a smelter. And apart from that, we are also 
investing in other emerging sectors such as agriculture, our avocado projects in 
Zambia is also going well. So, funding all those would be a priority. And then post 
that we will definitely look at taking corporate actions to improve shareholder 
value. 
 
Jatin Damania:  
We'd like to see that various growth projects are there in the pipeline. But what is 
the amount that we’ll be actually spending across this like Zambia Phase 2, in Ivory 
Coast and the agriculture? Any broad roadmap? And how do you see the avocado 
business turning out further in the next five years? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Okay. So, there are two different questions. Let me start with the avocado business. 
The planting is already being done. We expect fruits to be born in the year 2026, 
we’re covering about 1,150 hectares of land. That is with regards to the avocado 
project.  
 
Sultan A. Baig: 
 Mr. Damania, for avocado project for the next four years the additional plantation, 
we anticipate to fund about US$30 million to US$40 million, that's on the 
agriculture side. 
 
Jatin Damania:  
And, sir, what about Zambia and Ivory Coast? Have you drawn any roadmap or 
it’s still under discussion phase? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
In terms of the total project cost we’re estimating it to be around US$450 million 
for the Zambia Phase 2. And in terms of the Ivory Coast project we’re estimating  
a total project cost of about US$80 million. 
 
Jatin Damania:   
Thank you, sir. Thank you for the answer. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Vignesh Iyer:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Just want to understand the receivable side. What 
is the outstanding receivable we would be having by the end of Q4FY24? What is 
our internal target to get the money from MCL? 
 
Sultan A.Baig: 
Mr. Iyer, if you recall the total outstanding from ZESCO was US$517 million 
against that current outstanding as on the case it is only $332 million. From this 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 6 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
$332 million the end of the calendar year we anticipate to recover about US$150 
million. 
 
Vignesh Iyer :   
Sir, you mean to say another US$150 million by quarter four FY24, right?  
 
Sultan A.Baig:  
No. Another US$152 million by end of December 2023 and balance US$180 
million in the calendar year 2024. 
 
Vignesh Iyer:   
Okay, I got it. Thank you, sir. That’s all from my side. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Falguni Dutta from Jet Age 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Falguni Dutta:   
Good morning, Sir, just to clarify as regards our current billing, we are getting 
everything from ZESCO. So, there are no monthly overdue that are occurring, 
right? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Yes, correct. From May 22 we've been receiving the payments in full without any 
                                        overdue.  
 
Falguni Dutta:  
Sir, if you could broadly just directionally give us an idea how is this ferrochrome, 
manganese division doing for the current quarter versus the previous quarter? Is it 
same? Is there some improvement? Or has it gone even bad? 
 
Nikhil Devineni:  
As I mentioned, we have seen a dip in prices to the extent of almost 15% on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis. But having said that, we also find that the raw material 
prices in this case being manganese ore, which accounts for the bulk of your costing 
has gone to historical low levels. So, I think we could also be better positioned to 
tackle the market, given these low prices. 
 
Falguni Dutta:  
Okay. Thank you. My last question would be, in how many years’ time, given we 
have spelled out various expansion plans andin how many years’ time do we expect 
to get some dividends from the money repatriated from Africa? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
We are hoping it’s not years and it’s just months. Like I said there's a lot of light at 
the end of the tunnel now. Payments are current, ZESCO is also meeting with its 
arbitration payments as per schedule So, I think once we meet these conditions laid 
out by the lenders, we will be in distribution. So, we're hoping that it's going to be 
sooner rather than later. Although we have expansion plans, it's not that we're going 
to utilize 100% of the money for the expansion, we definitely will be starting 
distribution. 
 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 7 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
Falguni Dutta:  
 Thank you so much, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Dhruv from Shree Info. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Dhruv:  
Hi. I just wanted to understand on the CapEx that we plan to do in Zambia power 
plant. What could be the timeline for it? And what would be the equity and debt 
allocation that we look at out there? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
So, in terms of the Phase 2 expansion, the capacity we’re looking at is identical. 
It's another two-times 150, which is 300 MW. We're still finalizing numbers, but 
the expected project cost is approximately US$450 million. And with regards to 
timelines, once we commence, once we receive the financial closure and 
commence the project, we anticipate about two-and-a-half years. It's a fairly 
optimistic timeline, but we are fairly confident we'll achieve it. 
 
Dhruv:  
Secondly, on the broad base capital allocation. We are looking at a lot of activity 
in infrastructure CapEx cycle in India and everything including mining and other 
metals also. So, are we not finding any opportunities in India on an IRR basis or is 
there any strategic decision to go ahead and look at Africa as a place where we 
would like to expand? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
No. I think as a Company, we're always looking at opportunities everywhere. In 
fact, we’ve prioritized our opportunities when they come up if they are within the 
Indian subcontinent. But we do balance risk and reward. At the end of the day, 
while there are opportunities, there are a lot of risks to as long as, if you do not 
have security on the raw material, for example, there's a lot of risk you take. So, 
we're always open to expand in India, when the right opportunity arises. 
 
Dhruv:  
The third question is on the Indian power operation. So, what we understand is that 
we don't have PPAs and we have the benefit of selling it out there in the open 
market. And given that India is facing a deficit, we should be able to get a good 
rate of return on the power as we are able to sell in open market. Is it true? And 
usually during the summer months, we would be able to get that. So, have we got 
that bump up in this particular quarter? Because from the results it was not too 
clear. 
 
Ashwin Devineni:     
No, we definitely have gotten that bump up. I think one of the benefits of trading in 
the open market is when prices are high and that is seasonal, we do take advantage 
of it. Whereas one of the negatives is when prices are low, when there is heavy rains, 
you don't do that well. But if you look at our results on the power sector, we have 
posted extremely good results both from Telangana side and from the Odisha side. 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 8 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
Dhruv:  
Okay. And are we looking at any sort of further expansion in the power space ? 
Because that’s forms a very small component of our total mix. So, are we looking at 
exiting it or are we intend to deploy further capital to set up new capacities or it will 
be as it is? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
No. I think on the power side, the largest challenge we face is essentially coal. The 
coal prices here are just increasing exponentially. Whereas the power tariffs are not 
increasing at the same rate. Therefore, it’s kind of a crunch in terms of generating at 
a low cost. Therefore, I don't think we are looking at expanding on the coal fire power 
plants side in India. 
 
Dhruv:  
Okay. And just one thing, are we looking at any strategic partner in our avocado 
business in Africa? Or it will be just the us to unlock value or anything on that front? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:     The avocado is a new business for us. Fortunately, things are going well, things are 
progressing well with the plantation. There has been a lot of interest from other 
players too with our avocado project, but we are going to be selective. And we’ll 
always be open for partnerships but that will only be evaluated in due course. 
 
Dhruv:  
Okay. And what sort of metals are we looking at in the Ivory Coast or country that 
does have a future capital allocation? 
 
Ashwin Devineni: 
One is, we currently have in exploration works going on in, a manganese ore mine. 
And in addition to that, that being the main raw material for silico manganese 
production, we are looking at setting up a smelter there, which would, , enable us to 
have extremely good cost control because of the backward integration. And also 
opens up the new markets for us. Particularly in North America and Europe, which 
are extremely close to Ivory Coast in terms of proximity. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 
1 on your telephone keypad. The next question comes from Aditya Shrimal from 
PCS Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Shrimal:  
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had a couple of questions. One was 
on the power demand. How is the power demand currently in Zambia and which are 
the industries driving this growth? I also wanted to know how much of this demand 
is linked to copper mining. 
 
Ashwin Devineni: 
So, in terms of the power demand, the way we look at it is not only in Zambia, we 
look at it as Zambia and its neighboring countries, which is the southern part of 
Africa. And it's extremely high. I mean probably of what's going on in South Africa 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 9 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
with a shortage of power, more than four or five hours of power cuts every day. 
Zambia is a country exports power too. They almost export about 400 MW to all its 
neighboring countries. And within Zambia, you rightly said, the largest demand 
comes from copper production. But then, if you look at the neighboring countries 
like Congo and so on too there's a high demand from the copper industries there. 
And now a lot of these industries are also expanding, and there's no new power 
coming. So, the demand is good currently, and we look at the demand are only 
increasing in the years to come. And that's what's leading us to seriously consider 
expanding. 
 
Aditya Shrimal:           Okay, got it. So, as a percentage, would you be able to quantify how much of goods 
it would come from copper production? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:         No, I can’t.. Because from us at the end of day we're committed 100% to the utility. 
It's up to the utility to determine how much is going to the copper industries and how 
much in the export. But I think from the latest numbers, we export about 400 MW. 
And from what we hear from them, there's still a lot more demand in terms of 
neighboring countries. 
 
Aditya Shrimal:        Alright, sure. Got it.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. I request the participants to restrict with two questions in the initial 
round and join back the queue for more questions. The next question comes from 
Viraj Mahadevia, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Viraj Mahadevia:  
Hi, congratulations on making progress. Question to you sir, regarding your Zambia 
expansion Phase 2 plan. Given that you have already been scarred in Zambia, and I 
know, that's on a path to recovery. How do you feel about the certainty of ramp up 
and payments coming in, and how do you de-risk yourself on that? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
So, I mean we still feel the scars. We’ve learned what to do different this time. So, 
we’ve taken that all into account. So, the way that we would be structuring Phase 2 
would be very different from the prior phase, where risk would be mitigated through 
certain requirements from our side. And I think we'll implement all those before we 
embark on Phase 2.  
 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
So, requirements in terms of the ZESCO, is the local utility or you have these 
commitments before going ahead with your CapEx plan or before you commence 
supply after CapEx is complete? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
No, I'm talking about how we get the funding, what those conditions are. In terms 
of, is it external funding or is it funding from the government itself, which would 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 10 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
be a huge part of the risk. So, these are the various things. I don't want to get into 
too much of detail right now, just because it's premature, but that's something we 
are looking at very seriously. 
 
Viraj Mahadevia:  
Yes. The idea is to just create some wiggle room for eventualities, right, things 
going wrong. So, you don't land up in a similar situation again. Secondly, you have 
the option, obviously, of supplying to the South African power pool, from what I 
understand. So, that is a natural mitigant? 
 
Ashwin Devineni: 
 Yes, that’s true. Because at the end of the day, the same utility is unable to pick up 
the power, we can sell it to the Southern African power pool.  
 
Ashwin Devineni :  
In fact, for the couple of months we were selling a certain amount of power, but 
then after that ZESCO has been taking 100% of power. 
 
Viraj Mahadevia:  
 Right. I mean, given your level of performance at INR 2,000-plus-crore EBITDA, 
you're tracking with your debt coming down. Your share price still seems to be 
severely undervalued. What steps do you see yourself taking, including in 
particular buyback as these cash flows improve leverage comes down? Is that 
something you're considering? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:    
No., I think as we rightly said we’re in a very good financial position. I think one 
of the reasons we’ve is because of the strategies we've had, the risk we’ve taken. 
Now, in terms of the share price, I don't want to comment too much, because 
that's not what how we run. But, yes, once we reduce our leverage, once we start 
getting the money back, we definitely would look at certain corporate actions that 
would improve shareholder value and buybacks is one of them. 
Viraj Mahadevia:  
Excellent. All the very best. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Vishesh Jain, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Vishesh Jain:  
Could you please give an indication of ROI or ROE that you would expect in this 
incremental US$450 million power plant investment? Is there some internal 
benchmark on that investment that you are targeting? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
I think currently it’s a little too premature to discuss that because we’ve not even 
finalized the total project cost and that's still in, its under discussion. And all that 
would also relate to the tariffs that we would be signing up with the utilities. So, 
all those are still in the negotiation phases. So, I think it's a little too early to talk 
about your return on investment now. 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 11 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
Vishesh Jain:   
Would there be a threshold that you would have in mind? 
 
Ashwin Devineni: 
No, we have certain benchmarks always. But, I don't think we want to put out those 
numbers at this stage. But definitely I think it’s something that we would be looking 
at. We are investing in Zambia. And at the end of the day, we have gone through a 
certain experience with Phase 1. So, taking that into account we would definitely 
look at the optimistic return on investment. 
 
Vishesh Jain:   
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from Anant Sarda from Chhattisgarh 
Investment Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Anant Sarda:  
 Sir, congratulations for the result. First of all, I want to ask an accounting question. 
So, you know that we have taken some allowances of expected credit loss, right, 
and we're reversing it right now. So, for example, in this quarter we have reversed 
on INR 92 crore expense that we had taken in the past. Do you have any kind of 
schedule or something , where will you reverse the remaining INR 300-odd-crores?  
 
Sultan A. Baig:  
Yes, Mr. Sarda, you’ve sorted it up correctly. We have reversed US$11.3 million 
in the current quarter. If see this is in proportionate to the amount that we have 
recovered from ZESCO. As and when we receive the arbitration proceeds we’ll 
reverse the proportionate ECL in the books on a progressive basis. 
 
Anant Sarda:  
 Okay, sir. And also, one other thing that I read that Telangana government was 
giving you some issues with selling in the open, I think, in the IEX, and you had to 
go through the High Court route. So, is that being sorted?  
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
 Yes. Essentially the SLDC has been rejecting all the applications, it’s not just us, 
but any power producer here to export power and it's just the usual thing where we 
can go to court and get approval for open access. So, that has been sorted and as 
we speak, we are exporting today. 
 
Anant Sarda:   
Thank you, sir. All the best. 
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * 
and 1 on your telephone keypad. We have a follow up question from Falguni Dutta 
from Jet Age Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Falguni Dutta:  
 Sir, what would be our sales volume for power in India excluding captive 
consumption, for the quarter? 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 12 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
This is all combined. Can you give me any one either Telangana or Odisha so that 
I can know the other ones out of this 213?  
 
Sultan A.Baig:  
We will revert back to you, Mr. Falguni. 
 
Falguni Dutta:  
Okay, fine, sir. No problem. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have a follow up question again, from Aditya Shrimal from 
PCS Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Aditya Shrimal:  
My question was regarding the Nacharam land. Over there the real estate market 
is a little weak right now. So, are we open to development there compared to selling 
it outright? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
No,we are open for various options. But right now, that's not a priority for us. The 
reason being is the market prices have been going up in that area. And we do see 
that in the near future there is going to be a significant growth at least looking at 
the momentum. So, I don't think we're in a hurry. I think when the time is right, 
we will look at other opportunities in terms of either developing the land or 
possibly an outright sale. 
 
Aditya Shrimal:  
Alright. And I had another question. Are there any funds due from our Singapore 
subsidiary to Nava India? 
 
Sultan A.Baig:  
There is no outstanding dues from Singapore subsidiary to Nava India. 
Aditya Shrimal:  
Okay.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions please press * and 
1 on your telephone keypad. Next question comes from Nikhil Abhyankar from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  
Thank you, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I just wanted to know what is the 
status of receivables from Maamba? 
 
Sultan A. Baig:  
Mr. Abhyankar, if you read our press release, we’ve recovered about US$60 
million in the month of June subsequently we realized another US$5 million. So, 
as of now, overdue amount still to be recovered is US$332 million. 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  
Okay. And sir, have you started selling power to the African pool from Maamba? 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 13 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
So, we did that for two months. But the way it works is that prior to every month 
ZESCO, which is a state utility indicates if it wants all the power. So, for the past 
few months, ZESCO has been taking all the power. So, in the event, they say we 
don't want to take all the power, then we have the opportunity to sell the remainder 
of the Southern African power pool. 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  
Okay, for two months you have done it in the previous quarter. 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Not previous quarter. This is a little while ago. This is last year. 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  
Okay. And sir, what is the outlook on ferro alloys? Because QoQ, YoY we have 
made an EBIT loss over there so? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
As you may be aware these ferro alloys industry is is critical in nature. For the 
past last two financial years, we had a very good run. And currently we were 
witnessing a downturn wherein prices were fallen close to 15% QoQ. But having 
said that, with the monsoons approaching, there is historically been a null, in 
terms of steel consumption, because particularly the construction sector, which 
accounts for 60% of steel is right now on a downturn. So, we believe that from 
Q3 onwards, we should see a revival in the ferro alloys industry. 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
So, to add to that, I think one of the major milestone for this particular quarter was 
that India has surpassed Japan to be the second largest producer of steel. So, now 
that even our Odisha unit is producing silico manganese, we are in a better position 
to capture that increased market share going forward. 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar:  
Okay, sir. Wish you all the best going forward. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. So, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 
1 on your telephone keypad. We have a follow up question from Anant Sarda from 
Chhattisgarh Investment Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Anant Sarda:  
Sir, do you see any kind of currency risk? I mean, is your PPA in dollar terms or 
is in the ramped in quarter? 
Ashwin Devineni:  
It's all in dollar terms. Our PPA is in dollar terms, even the coal sales that we make 
are in dollars. So, there's no currency risk there. 
 
Anant Sarda:  
Sir, what is your debt repayment strategy? So, are we paying all the loans upfront 
or you’ve repaid by the schedule? What is the outstanding loans in the MCL? 

 
Nava Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call                        
   - 14 -                                                                                                 07/08/2023                           
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
We have both the options. We’re current on our payments right now. The next 
payment is due in September. So, we have the option to prepay if we deem fit and 
we will evaluate that basically. 
 
Anant Sarda:  
Okay, sir. let’s say that if Zambian government or ZESCO still fails to pay or 
there's some kind of issue, I thought that there's some kind of issue after the 
arbitration. So, does the insurance cover the outstanding loans if the Zambian 
government fails to pay again? 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
No, it's a lot more complicated than that, in terms of. Some of the commercial 
banks have insurance cover, whereas the developing banks don't, that's on the 
lender side of things. But in the event, if the utility ZESCO fails to pay there are 
various actions we can take. Both under the arbitration award and secondly, with 
regards to the agreement that they have.  
 
Anant Sarda:   
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. That will be the last question for the day. Now, I hand over the 
floor to the management team for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Ashwin Devineni:  
Thank you very much, everyone, for your participation in the discussion. I hope 
we have addressed all the queries adequately. If there are any questions of 
applications that remain unanswered, please get back to us, and we’d be happy to 
provide answers on a wider Investor Platform. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. 
Thank you for your participation, and for using Door Sabha’s conference call 
service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good day 
everyone. 
 
 
 
Note:          1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
     2. Blanks if any, in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
