 
 
 
HEG/SECTT/2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                5th June, 2023  
 
BSE  Limited  
25th Floor, P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q4 & FY23 of HEG Limited 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled on 1st June, 2023 intimated vide our letter 
dated 30th May, 2023. Please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call.  
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website of the Company i.e 
www.hegltd.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
 
 
 
(Vivek Chaudhary) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A-13263 
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com 
 
Encl: as above 
 
VIVEK 
CHAUDHAR
Y
Digitally signed by 
VIVEK CHAUDHARY 
Date: 2023.06.05 
15:25:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“HEG Limited Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HEG 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RIJU JHUNJHUNWALA – VICE CHAIRMAN – HEG 
LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GULATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HEG 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GULSHAN KUMAR SAKHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HEG LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NAVIN AGARWAL – HEAD INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES – SKP SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the HEG Limited Q4 and FY '23 Earnings Call 
organized by SKP Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the managements 
opening remarks. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Navin Agarwal, Head, Institutional Equities at SKP 
Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to welcome you on behalf of HEG 
Limited and SKP Securities to this financial results conference call with the leadership team at 
HEG Limited. We have with us Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala, Chairman, Managing Director and CEO 
and Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala, Vice Chairman; along with their colleagues, Mr. Manish Gulati, 
Executive Director; and Mr. Gulshan Kumar Sakhuja, CFO. 
We'll have the opening remarks from Mr. Jhunjhunwala, followed by a Q&A session. Over to 
you, Raviji. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Navin. Friends, good afternoon, and welcome to our financial results conference call 
for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year '22, '23. As per World Steel Association recent report, 
the global steel industry is poised for a demand rebound this year with a projected growth rate 
of about 2.3% and going forward, in 2024, the industry is expected to sustain its growth 
trajectory with a forecast increase of 1.7%. 
These projections indicate a positive outlook for the global steel market, signalling opportunities 
for continued development in the years to come. In the January-March quarter, global crude steel 
production reached about 462 million tons, representing 0.5% increase compared to the same 
period of last year. Among the top 10 steel producing countries, only 2, which is China and 
India, saw an increase of steel production in January-March over the same period last year.  
While China's production grew by 7.4%, India also increased by about 3%. On the other hand, 
other large steel producing countries like Japan, U.S., Russia, South Korea, Brazil, Turkey, all 
experienced a decline during this period. However, on a medium- to long-term basis, we see a 
big positive for our products as the entire world continues to focus on decarbonization and 
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. 
As per World Steel Association again, electric arc furnace share of steel production ex-China 
has gone up from 44% in 2015 to 49% in 2022, which is a substantial increase. Steel produced 
by electric arc furnace amidst one fourth carbon as compared to same steel produced by the blast 
furnaces. 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
We have seen several announcements by large steel companies, especially in the U.S. and 
Western Europe, announcing new greenfield capacity for steel production only through electric 
arc furnace. Out of such announcements of about 25 million tons coming from U.S. alone, which 
already produces 70% of its steel through electric arc furnace. Out of this 25 million tons, 7 
million tons has already come on stream and the balance 18 million tons would be operational 
in the next 2 years, adding to further electrode demand. 
Similar electric arc furnace capacities have also been announced by steel companies in EU, 
replacing about 16 million tons capacities from blast furnace to electric arc furnace. All this 
augurs well for the graphite industry. This is a very encouraging sign, especially for us at HEG, 
as except ours, no new capacity when electrode industry have been announced by any existing 
graphite player. While we are more or less ready with our current expansion from 80,000 tons 
to 100,000 tons in the next couple of weeks, trial runs are already at the final stage. 
Out of 5 operations, which go into electrode making, 4 have been already operating for the past 
couple of months and the last one is more or less at the final stage of operation. And it's a matter 
of -- it's not a matter of months now, it's a matter of weeks. So it could be as early as next week, 
or at the most another 2, 3 weeks. 
Similarly, China, which only produced 5% of its steel through electric arc furnace, still about 5 
years ago is currently at a level of 12% and is aiming to reach 20% in the next few years. We 
believe electric arc furnace will grow at a CAGR of about 3% in the next decade, which would 
straight away translate into a substantial increase in electrode demand. 
Though in the short-term, the outlook of the steel industry appears to be bearish, steel demand 
is still being impacted by the fear of global recession, but the medium- to long-term growth path, 
especially for the electric arc furnace industry, to which we cater, is very clear. 
In the current year, due to current geopolitical situation, steel production is likely to be stagnant, 
which might impact the demand of electrodes. However, we maintain a fairly strong and 
unwavering belief in the medium- to long-term growth potential of the electrode industry, 
particularly due to the ongoing and serious decarbonization efforts by major steel making 
countries in the Western world. 
We at HEG have been operating the single largest plant under one roof in the world with a 
capacity of 80,000 tons for a long time now. And with our expansion of 100,000 tons, very soon 
going to be in operation, we are in a very good position to take advantage of all the growth in 
demand for electrodes, as I just spoke about. This expansion showcases our unwavering 
dedication to technological innovation, placing us at the forefront of the industry with some of 
the best and latest equipment and technologies we have put under one roof. 
We look forward to the successful completion of this project and the enhanced capabilities, as 
well as cost quality and cost competitiveness, which it will bring to our operations. Our extensive 
global market reach, which we have diligently cultivated over the past 25 years enables us to 
export 2/3 of our production to more than 30, 35 countries. 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
This long-standing presence in international markets further strengthens our confidence in 
HEG's ability to thrive and see opportunities in the electrode industry, which is waiting for us in 
the next 2, 3 years. 
Now about our new subsidiary, TACC. Our new project for graphite anode is progressing well, 
and we are just about to start our pilot plant, which will facilitate trials, et cetera. The location 
has been decided. The land acquisition is under process, and we expect to complete the first 
phase of the project to make 10,000 tons of anode by mid-2025, exactly 2 years from now. 
In conclusion, the fourth quarter and full year fiscal '22, '23 have been satisfying for us. We have 
achieved strong financial results. Our capacity utilization has been amongst the highest in the 
world, driven by our commitment to innovation, customer satisfaction and operational 
efficiency. We remain confident in our ability to navigate challenges and seize opportunities to 
create long-term value for our shareholders. 
With this, friends, I pass on the floor to our CFO, Gulshan, who will take us through the financial 
figures. Following that, our Vice Chairman, Riju; and Executive Director, Manish, and I will be 
delighted to address any queries and questions that you may have regarding electrodes and 
graphite anode. Thank you. Over to Gulshan. 
Gulshan Kumar Sakhuja: Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, friends. I will now briefly take you through the company's 
operating and financial performance for the year ended 31st March 2023. For the year ended 
31st March 2023, HEG recorded revenue from operations of INR 2,467 crores as against INR 
2,201 crores in the previous financial year. 
The revenue for the fourth quarter of FY '23 was INR 617 crores as against INR 673 crores in 
the corresponding quarter of the previous FY. During the year ended 31st March 2023, the 
company delivered EBITDA of INR 729 crores as against INR 607 crores in the previous 
financial year. The company, on a stand-alone basis, recorded a net profit after tax of INR 456 
crores in FY '23 as against INR 391 crores in the previous financial year. And on a consolidated 
basis, the net profit after tax is INR 532 crores in FY '23 as against INR 431 crores in FY 2022. 
The company's long-term debt free and had a previous size of nearly INR 1,000 crores as on 31 
March 2023. The Board of Directors has recommended a 425% of final dividend that is INR 
42.50 per equity share of the face value of INR 10 each for the financial year '22, '23, subject to 
the approval of shareholders at ensuing AGM. To take out more questions from the participants 
in the detailed presentation have been uploaded on the company's website and on the stock 
exchange. 
Now we would like to address any questions or queries you have in your mind. Thank you. Over 
to Navin. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from InCred Capital. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Yes. So my question was regarding the EAF plans coming up in U.S. So based on the annual 
reports, currently U.S. contributes 10% to our sales. So can we expect that number to increase 
in coming years? 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
You see, in the last 4 years, if you have followed our data, I mean, obviously, a lot of this data 
is not public. We have more or less increased our sales in U.S. by at least 2.5x to 3x. And we 
always had this in mind. As I said in my opening remarks, U.S. produces 70%, 72% of its total 
steel through electric arc furnace. And U.S. is the single largest producer of electric arc furnace 
steel. And obviously, thereby the single largest consumer of electrode. So we have been focusing 
on U.S. for a long time. And as I said, our -- we've increased our sales substantially in the last 3, 
4 years. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Got it. Got it. My second question was regarding the anode capex which HEG is doing. So 
currently, there are many companies in U.S., which are working on silicon anode batteries, which 
are completely free of graphite. So does that pose a substantial risk to our business because of 
that and some companies are also commercializing it. So if that happens, actually, it will be a 
big risk. So what are your views on that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Riju, will you take that question? 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes. Can you repeat the question again, what exactly it was, please. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
So what I was saying was that there are companies in U.S., which are working on silicon anode 
batteries. So basically, these anodes are completely free of graphite and entirely made of silicon. 
So if that happens and commercialization occurs then that will pose a substantial business risk 
to our capex, right, which you are doing. So any views on that? 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
So basically, I mean, what you are saying is partially correct. There is absolutely no company, I 
believe, today, which is working on 100% silicon as a replacement for anode. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
[inaudible 0:13:56] technologies, they have also commercialized it. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
So there are a lot of projects happening. But still, I think for the next 10 to 15 years, graphite 
anode will be the primary listing driver for the anode part in terms of any lithium-ion battery. 
And we are targeting really 4 business segments. So EV is only one business segment that we 
are targeting for the lithium-ion battery. 
The second, which will require more amount of graphite per ton is the ESS space, the energy 
storage space, over there, again, the standardized graphite use is there for the anode side. And 
the third also, which is going to be a big business potential for our new subsidiary is the green 
hydrogen business. 
Wherever there is an electrolyzer in green hydrogen business, you need this bipolar plates, which 
are made out of anode powder itself. So as far as the market goes, as far as the cell manufacturing 
goes, there is absolutely huge capacity and people today are talking about 25%, 10% mixing of 
silicon. All these technologies are evolving, but the basic technology will remain the graphite is 
an integral part of the anode side and in all the 4 business segments. 
So really capacity-wise, if you ask then looking at 10,000 tons is just a conservative start, we 
can really go up to a much bigger level. Specially, if we have all the support that we need today 
as subsidies from the state government and from the central government. 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. Got it. And one final question from the graphite business. So Graftech did their con call 
and in there, they told that they were facing issues as far as U.S. steel companies are concerned 
related to inventory. So they are -- U.S. steel companies are having very high inventories. So 
what is HEG's assessment on ground? Do we expect that to improve in coming quarters? Or will 
it sustain? So any views on that? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, I would not like to comment on what my competitor has said, but as I said, we have been 
focusing on U.S. for a very long time and our sales have been increasing year after year, and 
they have gone up by like 2.5x, 3x in the last 5 years, and we continue to expand our sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Just, sir, if you could make us understand that during the -- before the COVID, China announced 
that they will enter aggressively into conversion of blast furnaces into electric arc furnace and 
the progression was pretty slow and a lot of electrodes capacity that has come up in China even 
before EAF capacities getting materialize. So in last 2 years, we are also seeing a lot of dumping 
that is coming from China in the global market. 
So what is your sense when you are saying that they will progressively grow from 11%, 12% to 
almost 20% over the next few years, which they have already guided. So how do you see the 
scenario from China side in terms of electrodes that they are dumping in the world market, 
whether they had slowed or when do you expect that? They'll progressively focus on their 
domestic market rather than the export market per se. So that will be really helpful for us to 
understand. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. There are 2, 3 things I'd like to explain here. See, if you remember 2017, '18, when 
suddenly the export -- suddenly, the world market for electrode became absolutely crazy and the 
demand and everything suddenly boomed. It was on the basis that the Chinese government had 
announced their intention that the electric arc furnace capacity was only 5% and they said they 
would like to increase it to 20% in 5 years. 
And to put it into perspective, China produces close to 53%, 54% of the total world steel. So that 
part of the world, which produced 53%, 54% of the total world steel was only producing 5% 
through electric arc furnace and everybody else except China, which produced 47% of the world 
steel was doing about 43%, 44%, 45% through electric arc furnace. 
So putting that into perspective, the demand for electrodes in China is going to boom. The 5% 
has already become 12% in 3, 4 years' time, which is already 2.5x of what they were doing only 
5 years ago. And from 12% now, they are still on the path to go to 20%, so a couple of things 
happened. 
So as soon as those announcements were made, the existing graphite companies in China 
obviously had to increase capacity. They were seeing an increase in electrode demand of 4x 
from 5% to 20%. And at the same time, that 5% to 20%, I mean, it was a very, very difficult 
thing to achieve in just 4, 5 years. So it is at 12%. But that continuously grows year after year 
because China is also part of the world. And China is also seeing the advantages of 
decarbonization and that is where the electric arc furnaces came in. 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Secondly, on the technology side, while we do compete with China on about 25%, [30% 0:20:29] 
of our production, which is the non-UHP, but on the balance, 65%, 70%, which is ultra-high 
power, we are still far ahead of China as far as the quality is concerned. So -- and that will 
continue for a long time. The gap between the Chinese quality and our quality, the technology 
that the rest of the world has and -- which China doesn't have will continue for quite a long time. 
So we don't see any problem at all. And just again, to repeat what I just said in my opening 
remarks, we have not seen the kind of growth in the last 30, 40 years in the capacities of electric 
arc furnace. At least, I have not seen in last 35, 40 years, new capacities to the tune of 40 million, 
50 million tons being added on the electric arc furnace. 
And again, to put into perspective, a very simple thumb rule for 1 million tons of new electric 
arc furnace, you need about $1 billion of investment. So there -- if we are talking about 50 
million tons, 55 million tons, which have already been announced between Europe and America, 
all in the last about 12 to 18 months. So we are talking about $50 billion to $55 billion of 
investment, which even America and Europe have not seen in this sector for a very long time. 
And so in that context, our expansion, which is now more or less on stream, it's a matter of 
another week, 10 days, 2 weeks, is very timely. We may have to struggle for the next 6 months, 
may have to struggle for the next 12 months, maybe 15 months, but except us, there is no new 
capacities which have been announced. And we have increased our capacity of the plant from 
10,000 tons to 100,000 tons in the matter of last 20, 25 years. And we have done it 3, 4 times in 
the past 20 years. 
So with all the knowledge and all the information about which equipment to purchase, which is 
the best supplier for that, any brownfield expansion will take minimum 2.5 to 3 years to anybody. 
The equipment suppliers take 2 years to deliver equipment. So even if somebody was to 
announce even if there is a new -- even if there's an existing company, which announces an 
expansion at their existing site, we will take at least 2.5 to 3 years to build that. And we are very 
bullish because of whatever I just said. 
So our expansion is extremely timely, and we are in a great position to take advantage of 
whatever new demand is occurring. And 7 million, 8 million tons of new electric arc furnace has 
already been established in America? And I just said, in the next 2 years, this 7 million is going 
to become 20 million to 25 million tons. So there is a new -- if there are new capacities to the 
tune of 20 million, 25 million tons of electric arc furnace, it easily translates into an additional 
demand of about 40,000 tons. Our expansion is only 20,000 tons. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Got it. That was very insightful, sir. And sir, if my understanding is right, of late, we have seen 
good correction in the needle coke prices as well from roughly $2,300 to $1,800. How it is going 
to impact our margins broadly say, in next maybe 2 or 3 quarters per se. If you could guide us, 
it will be helpful. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
As electrode industry is linked to electric arc furnace. Needle coke industry is directly related to 
graphite industry. So just like as I said, if the electric arc furnace increases its capacity, the 
demand of electrode grows. Exactly the same thing if graphite electrode industry does well and 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
the demand for electrode increases, the needle coke demand increases. So it's a matter of -- we 
are very directly connected. 
So -- and we saw 4 years ago when the electrode prices went crazy, obviously, the needle coke 
prices also went crazy. So it's a relationship of supplier and customers. For them, graphite 
industry is as important as for us, electric arc furnace is. So obviously, the electrode industry 
does extremely well and the prices start going up, it is obvious that needle coke prices will also 
keep going up. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
But sir, needle coke has also got some connection to do with this EV also, not those lithium-ion 
batteries and all? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Not much. Yes, it is. I mean part of that is what you're saying is absolutely right. But like -- I 
mean, to tell you in a different way, I mean, for us, needle coke is a lifeline. If we don't have 
needle coke, we can't produce electrode, ultra-high-power electrode. But it's not the case in 
battery. So it is not a lifeline for them. 
They may use needle coke if it is available at a particular price. But if the needle coke is not 
available at a particular price, they have several other options. So needle coke is one of the many 
raw materials, which they have an option. Whereas for us, we have no option. If we don't have 
needle coke, we don't have electrode. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
So for us, sir, if I understand it right, the volume growth that is the one thing which you are 
anyway ascribing that is going to go up, the utilization levels are going to go up because of the 
additional demand which is going to be created globally. That's one. And second is this spread 
that you maintain between electrodes and this needle coke. So recently, we have seen the needle 
coke prices have corrected. Will that have some impact on our margins immediately, maybe 
coming into this quarter, maybe next quarter? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, you see, as I said, it's very, very directly connected. If the electrode prices drop, the needle 
coke prices will also drop. So when it comes to margin, I mean, the margin gets corrected 
because of a reduction or increase in the needle coke price. And we saw this very much in 2018, 
'17 when the electrode prices went up by very crazy numbers, needle coke prices also went up 
in a similar manner, but the margin for electrodes, in fact, went up, it didn't go down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Shah from MK Ventures. 
Bhavik Shah: 
What has been the capacity utilization in the last quarter in FY '23? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Manish, will you take the operational questions. 
Manish Gulati: 
Last quarter, it is about -- I mean, in high 70s, above mid-70s, I would say. That has been the 
capacity utilization. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. So with the new capacity coming in, what can we -- what will be like our capacity 
utilization going ahead in FY '24? Will we be able to absorb the -- like the market will be able 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
to absorb the excess supply? Or will we see any margin contraction because of the excess 
supply? 
Manish Gulati: 
No. I mean, Bhavik, of course, when we add capacity, I mean, right now, of course, this first 
quarter has almost gone in April, May, June. So in the next few weeks, when its -- ready, so 
we'll start counting calling ourselves a 100,000 tons plant from, let's say, maybe July onwards. 
So capacity utilization for the whole year, now we are aiming or we anticipate the traditional 
demand to come in towards the later half of the year. That's what everybody thinks that 2024 we 
should see the return of demand. 
But we internally think that in this year, if we count ourselves at 100,000 tons, let's say, for the 
whole year, we should be maybe around 7% or something. It's just our internal thing. That's our 
aim because we expect the market to -- the demand to come back towards the later half of the 
year or late last quarter, January to March '24. 
Bhavik Shah: 
And sir, are we planning to be aggressive for the excess capacity or we'll try to maintain our 
margins going ahead? 
Manish Gulati: 
I mean, of course, we are not going to go to that level that I mean, we just get more margins, of 
course. Our effort will be for both in a balanced way that we have time for market to absorb the 
tonnage and at the same time, taking care of the margins as well, and we're not going aggressive 
either ways. 
So it just is very balance because market would need some time for the additional capacity to 
get absorbed. And we have not be very hasty about it. That's about 100,000 tons. So we are not 
aiming to sell all of that 100,000 tons. We'd rather go gradually, slowly and wait for the demand 
to rise and then the capacity to get naturally absorbed. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Right, right. And sir, regarding the new capex which has been announced in anodes, what kind 
of technology collaboration or expertise will we need? And will it be in-house or are we looking 
at some partnerships? 
Manish Gulati: 
I will have our Vice Chairman answer this. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
Most of the technology is to be standard and the most important technology as far as this is 
concerned, which is graphitizing the product, that is something that is only like HEG and some 
other companies present in the graphite electrode space can have, because that particular thing 
of graphitizing anode is probably more complicated than graphitizing our graphite electrode 
itself. So that -- I mean, with our rich experience of the last 40 years in that particular segment, 
we have a huge competitive advantage as far as that particular side of the technology is 
concerned. 
The rest of the technology is pretty standard, and we are trying to match the kind of best in the 
world along with the best in cost. So it will be a mixed hybrid. It would not be like one EPC 
contract. It will be a hybrid mix of Indian machinery, some Chinese machinery, some European 
ones, and then the Acheson furnaces, which we will develop ourselves in India with HEG profile 
inside this. 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay. And so what kind of revenue and margins are we expecting from the anode business. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
So I mean, I can't really talk about the revenue and margin, but let's say, 10,000 ton plant even 
at an average of around $9,000 to $10,000 per ton should be your revenue. And the margin is 
really 2 years down the line, what they will be, what they won't be, given whatever the raw 
material prices is, competition is, demand is everything. So we have assumed a reasonable at 
least a 25% operating margin in this particular business. 
Bhavik Shah: 
Okay, sir. What has been the sense in the 2 months regarding the price of graphite electrodes 
and needle coke? Like how has been they moving? And how do you see them in the next quarter? 
Manish Gulati: 
Price is under pressure, which is very natural for it to be in this year of 2023. There are some 
marginal correction in needle coke prices also and electrode. So going forward, since needle 
coke contracts are being done still quarter-by-quarter and electrodes are also being booked still, 
let's say, quarter-by-quarter or maximum 6 months, we hope, and we expect maybe needle coke 
suppliers should do some more correction. They have already corrected a bit, but more is 
expected from them. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is the follow-up question from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from InCred 
Capital. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Yes. So what I wanted to know is that as far as the European market is concerned, so what is 
like I just wanted a ballpark figure, how much the Europe contributed to our volume -- sales 
volume? 
Manish Gulati: 
As a total of furnace sales, it will be between let's say, about 9% to 10% or something. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. And there was some issue in previous quarters regarding Turkey. They were facing some 
volume issues. So anything on that line or how is it faring right now? 
Manish Gulati: 
It's definitely better than the past quarters because Turkey is one country where they are very 
flexible of steel making, they are quick to reduce, they are quick to come. So we are seeing some 
positive signs and rise in production in Turkey also. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. And one last question. So as far as the [inaudible 0:34:54] contracts are concerned, so 
there was a time when we were signing 6-month contracts. So like how is the situation now? Is 
it 6 months, is it 3 months? So how is it now? 
Manish Gulati: 
It continues to be 3 months still. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Aman, I guess no more questions. Thank you very much that was the last question in queue. As 
there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Manish 
Gulati for closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Manishji. 
Manish Gulati: 
Friends, thanks for listening to our call and thanks for attending the call. And we are very 
optimistic about our industry. There is no doubt about it. We can see things happening on the 
ground. We are seeing new and new electric arc furnaces coming up, and we are very positive 
about HEG being a 100,000-ton plant at one location. This is one of the most cost-competitive 

HEG Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
plants in the world. So we hope that from 2024 onwards, you'll see a rebound in demand, and 
we'll be very much ready for that. Thank you so much, and we look forward to seeing you again. 
Navin Agarwal: 
Thank you, Raviji. Thank you Riju. Thank you Manishji. Thank you, Gulshan. On behalf of 
SKP Securities, that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. 
You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, and have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
