 
 
2nd June 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Ltd 
Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 513519 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: PITTIENG 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub:  
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the Audio Conference call for investors 
on 30th May 2023 
****** 
 
With reference to our letter dated 20th May 2023, intimating about the conference call with 
investors to be held on 30th May 2023, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid conference 
call. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.pitti.in. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
Mary Monica Braganza 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS 5532 
MARY MONICA 
BRAGANZA
Digitally signed by MARY 
MONICA BRAGANZA 
Date: 2023.06.02 
17:40:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 29 
 
 
 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
Q4 FY23 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. AKSHAY S PITTI – VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
MR. PAVAN KUMAR, CFO   
MR. RISHAB GUPTA, PRESIDENT  
MR. SANDIP AGARWALA, PRESIDENT 
 
 
 
MR. VARUN AGARWAL, PRESIDENT 
 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 29 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Pitti Engineering’s Q4 
FY23 and full year FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today’s 
presentation. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Joining us today are Mr. Akshay S. Pitti – VCMD, along with the senior 
management team of the company. Before we begin, I would like to 
mention that some of the statements made in today's call may be forward 
looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For a list of 
such considerations please refer to the Earnings Presentation. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Akshay Pitti. Thank 
you and over to you sir.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Thank you. Good evening and welcome to our Q4 FY23 and full year 
FY23 earnings call. We hope you had a chance to review our results, a 
copy of which is also available on our website. I would also touch upon 
the financial and operation performance of the company and then open 
the floor for a Q&A session.  
This quarter our revenue from operations stood at Rs.247.51 crore as 
compared to Rs. 271.39 crore on a year-over-year basis down by 8.8%. 
However, the sales volume has increased by 10.92% to 9591 tons from 
8647 metric tons. Capacity utilization during the quarter was 74.14%. 
Blended EBITDA per ton stood at Rs. 42,290 as compared to Rs. 40,898 
per ton up by 3.4%.  
During Q4FY23 we have reported an EBITDA of Rs. 40.56 crore as 
compared to Rs. 35.37 crore increased by 14.67% on a YOY basis. We 
have recorded net profit of Rs. 24.83 crore, as compared to Rs. 19.79 
crore, up by 25.47 % on a YOY basis. We have accounted for Rs. 14.76 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 29 
crore incentives in FY23. The further approvals are under process with 
Government of Maharashtra, which is expected to be received in the first 
half of FY24. For FY23, revenues were Rs. 1100.17 crore as compared 
to Rs. 953.82 crore, registered a growth of 15.34%. Reported EBITDA 
of Rs. 151.39 crore as compared to Rs. 132.63 crore, increased by 
14.15%. Company has recorded a net profit of Rs. 58.83 crore as 
compared to Rs. 51.89 crore. Our cash accruals stood at Rs. 103.48 
crore. Capacity utilization for the year was 71.32%. Net debt has 
declined from Rs. 290 crore to 225 crore. Consequently, the net debt to 
equity stands at 0.67. Board of Directors have recommended a final 
dividend of Rs. 1.2 per share, total dividend amounting to Rs. 2.70 per 
share including the interim dividend.  
Expansion related work is on track and we shall start installing the 
machines in the third quarter. We expect to complete it by year end. 
Overall demand outlook for FY24 continues to remain strong led by key 
segments like railways and power generation. New business 
opportunities in pumped hydro and automotive will start contributing 
meaningfully from this year onwards. Our order book forecast stands at 
Rs. 823 crore. For the year, sales volume was at 36,297 MT and looking 
at the demand outlook for FY22, we expect to deliver 42,000 metric tons 
of sales during the current year. We have also provided an investor 
presentation with detailed performance report for your pursual. I now 
open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Rabindra Nath Nayak from 
Sunidhi Securities.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: Actually, there is an observation I see from the current reported 
numbers. So, if the incremental volume we have done in FY23 as 
compared to the incremental EBITDA we have generated in FY23 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 29 
because if I understand correctly, we have done our significant value 
addition journey from FY21-22 onwards. Am I right sir? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I'm not able to understand very clearly what you're trying to say. Your 
voice is not very clear.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: Incremental EBITDA for incremental tonnage we have delivered in 
FY22, it was incremental EBITDA to incremental tonnage around Rs. 
52,565. But this year FY23 it has declined to 43,180. So how we should 
look at it, incremental value addition going ahead whether what is  
attributable to this decline, if at all we should look at this factor seriously 
going ahead if it is a measure to see the value addition the company is 
doing.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Are you saying that the EBITDA per metric ton has gone down from 
FY22? That is what you are trying to say? 
Rabindra Nath Nayak: Incremental EBITDA. I am just explaining again. So, we have done 
around total tonnage around 36,297 MT in the total sales in FY23 as 
compared to 31,945 tons in FY22. So incrementally we have done 
around 4,351 tons of delivery in FY23. But the EBITDA in FY22 was 
Rs. 132.63 crore without considering the other income and EBITDA in 
FY23 was around Rs. 151.39 crore. So, if I divide these two, I'm getting 
a number of Rs. 41,519 in FY22 and I'm getting a number FY23 Rs. 
41,709 per ton in FY23. So, I'm just giving an indication whether we 
should look at this factor looking at how the company is doing the value 
addition going ahead or whether we should not look at it. If at all we are 
looking at then what is it attributed to?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
See the incremental EBITDA per ton will be also coming from the 
machining business, the machine components business because we are 
dividing the cumulative EBITDA by the tonnage. So, the incremental 
EBITDA is not only accruing from the sheet metal part of the business. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 29 
It’s blended of both verticals. So, it's not just that the value-added 
lamination for assembled lamination will increase the EBITDA pattern, 
it will also increase the EBITDA per ton. But machining because you're 
doing that machining on the same tonnage or you're doing a machine 
component.  And because you're doing the machine component which 
is not related to the sheet metal tonnage, those are side parts or core 
products which go along with the sheet metal product that will cost for 
higher EBITDA per ton.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: Just tell me what the total volume we can do in FY24 is and what kind 
of EBITDA per ton we are looking at? Because we have increased our 
machining hours in FY23 from total 4, 33,000 to around 4,60,000. So 
how we are looking at the value addition in FY24? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In terms of sheet metal tonnage as I mentioned the target is about 42,000 
metric tons for FY24. In terms of machining, we'll continue to add the 
machining capacity as per our CAPEX plan and the EBITDA per ton 
due to both of these should track towards Rs. 42,000 to Rs. 45,000. That 
is the expectation. Currently it's hovering around Rs.42,000 per metric 
ton, if you see Quarter 4 it's Rs.42,000 per metric ton. From here we 
expect it to grow quarter-on-quarter and eventually settle somewhere at 
Rs. 45,000 at full utilization.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: Secondly in the sector wise exposure you have given around 33% is 
coming from railways. So, can you please give some outlook on this 
segment going ahead? And another interesting thing that I observed in 
FY23, appliances and industrial and commercial witnessed a decline in 
revenue. So, in your presentation I'm just comparing the previous year 
numbers with the current year’s numbers. So due to customer demand 
for the appliances and durables it is quite understandable that the 
appliances might not have done well. But if we look at the industrial 
segment, your major clients particularly they have done well in FY23. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 29 
So why there is a decline in industrial segment whether the clients are 
internalizing or we are losing market share, anything you can explain 
better on this?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
If you see on a year-on-year basis for Q4, although the sales volume is 
up by 10%, the revenue is down by 8%. This is on account of decline in 
steel prices. As you know we have a price variation clause with our 
customers wherein any increase or decrease in steel cost is passed on to 
them. So, the quantity of sales to the industrial and commercial segment 
of our business has not declined. It has remained constant. In fact, it has 
grown modestly. But in rupee terms it shows a decline.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: That means the other segment is also similar kind of things have 
happened?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes, in the other segments the volume has grown exponentially. And 
also, the value-added products such as machine parts goes into those 
segments mainly, the railways and the special purpose motors and the 
power generation renewables.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: And regarding the working capital, it is progressively you have done a 
very good job in the working capital, thing is that. But one thing I 
observed that there is a significant reduction in the debtors days and also 
the inventory days that you have highlighted in the past calls and also 
that this is in a targeted level you have brought it down. That is quite 
commendable. But if we see the payable days, it is increased 
substantially. So, can you please give some sustainability of this 
working capital? Whether there is any further scope of reduction of 
working capital is there, if you can throw some light on.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Further scope on the cumulative working capital days will not be 
possible. See this data we have taken on one particular day. The right 
way to look at this is the average working capital days during the year. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 29 
On an average basis we feel that about 75 days is a good number in our 
industry looking at the client credit requirements as well as the 
procurement requirements.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: So this high payable days, it is quite maintainable or you can expect 
similar kind of trend going ahead or it is going to come down? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
You can expect the same payable days going forward and the same kind 
of debtor days going forward.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: What is the CAPEX for this year, total capex we have done in FY23 and 
what is the budget for FY24?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Just one second. So, the capital expenditure incurred during FY23 was 
Rs. 103 crore and the remaining CAPEX which has to be expended in 
the 
current 
financial 
year 
about 
Rs. 
190 
crore.  
That includes pre operative expenses as well.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: And regarding your view on this merger of Pitti Castings going ahead if 
you can give some performance of Pitti Castings in FY23, if I'm not 
wrong we were around the turnover of Rs. 137 crore in FY22. What is 
the turnover for FY23 and whether it will remain profitable in this year 
or it is still not profitable?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I'm sorry I'm not in a position to comment on that particular thing.  
Rabindra Nath Nayak: And lastly one number I want to know what is a gross sale for this year 
including GST for FY23?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Rs. 1,240 crore.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant 
Capital.  

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 29 
Balasubramanian: 
I want to understand segment wise where we are witnessing stronger, 
higher demand and where we are lacking. Especially in FY23 on the full 
year basis we have witnessed a strong growth in traction motor and 
railway components and mining and oil & gas and renewable energy 
side. So, if you could throw some more light on that segment wise, end-
user application wise where we are witnessing more traction. That would 
be really helpful.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The traction motor and railway component business will again continue 
to outperform in the current year in terms of growth. The other place that 
we see good growth continuing is power generation and renewable 
energy.  
Balasubramanian: 
Like your target is around 42,000 tons in FY24. What would be that 
assembled and value-added mix? We may expect 75% or it's more than 
that.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In the current year as the power generation business is going to grow 
significantly, the mix might change unfavorably a little bit. So, we can 
expect that the assembled business should be about 33,000-34,000 tons 
and the lose business will be the remaining.  
Balasubramanian: 
On the CAPEX side that 72,000 tons per annum if you could share stage 
wise like whether the construction part is done like when is the 
machinery is expected to come.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Construction is ongoing both in Hyderabad and Aurangabad and the 
equipments are also enroute. We expect to start the installation of 
machines in Quarter 3 and the completion of that would be very quick, 
once the machines are installed.  
Balasubramanian: 
This incremental addition in capacity we may expect on blended basis 
around 60% capacity utilization or lower than that? 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
For the current year I've already mentioned that our target is about 
42,000 metric tons and the capacity utilization will be on the capacity 
available based on number of days for the whole year. For next financial 
year we are targeting in the vicinity of 50,000 MT. So that should take 
us to about 60% on the expanded basis. And in our industry the typical 
thumb rule is that beyond 80%. Typically, you operate about six days a 
week to preserve the machine and carry out the relevant preventive 
maintenances. 
Balasubramanian: 
On that Rs. 190 crore CAPEX for FY24 how much for this incremental 
capacity and how much for maintenance CAPEX?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Majority of it entirely is towards the incremental capacity in machining 
as well as lamination.  
Balasubramanian: 
Earlier we talked about around Rs. 190 crore CAPEX for modernizing 
the plant in Hyderabad. That CAPEX when it's expected to come? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
It is part of this modernizing the Hyderabad related lamination facility 
and moving it to Aurangabad and freeing up the space in Hyderabad for 
the increased machining capacity is all part of this. After this we'll be 
taking a pause on CAPEX.  
Balasubramanian: 
Export side which are the countries contributes the higher portion of 
revenue like which are the segments we are getting more orders? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
North and South America are the two leading regions for us in terms of 
geographies. They would contribute more than 75%-80% of total 
exports. The remaining 20% goes to Central Asia, countries like 
Kazakhstan, Egypt, South Africa among others.  
Balasubramanian: 
On the debt side if you could try like aiming further debt rise are 
expected or are you planning for any QIP? 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I can't comment on that right now. On the QIP, I can't comment. On the 
debt side we don't see that the net debt should rise significantly despite 
the ongoing CAPEX. The current year's cash generations and the 
CAPEX should more or less take care of each other. So, you should see 
only a modest rise in net debt at the end of this CAPEX cycle. After that 
we see it going down significantly over the next 2 years.  
Balasubramanian: 
We have order book of around Rs. 823 crore. How much is executable 
in short term and how much percentage into long term? Right now, we 
are expanding the capacity like whether we can get an order of about Rs. 
1,000-1,500 crore in that range once the capacity comes into the place.  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Firstly, out of the total order book about Rs. 200 crore is executable 
beyond 1 year. The remaining is executable within the next 12 months. 
In terms of order book going forward once the capacity is installed, in 
our industry the orders are released on a shorter cycle. They give you 
forecast for business which is longer term as the price has to change 
every quarter depending on the steel prices. So, nobody actually releases 
POs beyond two quarters typically.  
Balasubramanian: 
So, the order cycle would be of 2 to 3 months in that range execution. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Order books are typically not more than 6 months. So, if you have to 
take longer lead time orders such as power generation or railways or 
exports or wind turbines, where you have longer term orders with the 
price fixed, there the order cycle will be probably 6 to 9 months, in a 
good case about a year. All other segments of the business since the price 
variation clause (PVC) is going to happen very frequently on a quarterly 
basis like I had mentioned the orders are released only once every 
quarter as nobody would want to change the PO prices upwards or 
downwards. What I was trying to get to after explaining this is that even 
for the expanded capacity, we are doing it on basis of forecasted order 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 29 
LOI or discussion with the customer on their requirements over the next 
2 years. So, a bulk of that expanded capacity is going to come in a sense 
tied up with the business.  
Balasubramanian: 
What will be the top five client’s revenue mix in this year?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Top five clients would account for about 60% of revenue.  
Balasubramanian: 
Which clients are contributing more? Siemens also coming up with new 
orders 9000 HP, so are we getting any order from them?  
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The Siemens order is still in design and development stage. As it 
progresses and we are quite confident that we should be getting that 
order. Right now, they are still in design and development phase.  
Balasubramanian: 
Last question. Some of the players are coming up with traction motor 
capacity. How do you see the competition right now in the railways side? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
We are very happy that everyone's coming up with traction motor 
capacity. They are all going to be potential customers for us. So, if you 
talk of Titagarh Wagons or if we talk of Medha or Alstom, SAINI all of 
those players we are already in discussions to supply our products to 
them.  
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question. That is from Naysar Parikh from Native 
Capital.  
Naysar Parikh: 
My question is for the new CAPEX. Can you just talk about, one what 
is the revenue potential from that plant and the EBITDA per ton in that 
plant also going to be similar to what we have or is there a potential 
where we can do more value as the EBITDA per ton could be higher? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
This is a brownfield expansion, so the plant and the locations will remain 
the same. As far as, see the kind of facilities we are putting up, they are 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 29 
highly automated facilities which we are planning to put up right now. 
So, your overhead cost and direct labor cost should be significantly 
lower than the current cost per ton. In terms of expected revenue, the 
way I would like to phrase it is that if you take it on a constant steel price 
basis, as Q4 constant steel price, this at a potential for about Rs.1800 
crore of topline. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And sorry I missed that, when can you start this plant? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The commercial production should start in Q4. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And my next question was on the order book. The order book was 
around Rs. 1100 crore end of last year. I think this year we are around 
Rs. 800 crore. So, one, what do you think is causing that decline? And 
secondly, given we are projecting growth hereon, how do we kind of 
ramp up on that order book? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
If you take the order book, the order cycle in our industry, barring few 
end user segments such as exports, large power generation and 
windmills, typically the order cycle is for a three-month basis because 
we have a quarterly price variation clause with our customer and once 
the POS stays you really can't change the pricing. So, the firm orders 
that we have in hand are typically for three months for different 
segments. For the exports and the other segments which I had 
mentioned, you have got six to nine months of orders, in a good case, 
maybe one year order. Apart from that, you have the long-term order 
book, which was very unusual in our business as a practice which we 
had received from Wabtech for their supplies to Indian Railways. So, 
the long-term order book is getting depleted as the contract runs down. 
So that is one of the reasons for the overall order book to come down. 
And the second is because we have to reinstate the volumes on the new 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 29 
pricing of all the orders that we have. So as the steel prices have declined 
significantly in the last one year, so has the order book been re-stated. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Can you give a sense of in volume terms, what would be the order book 
last year and this year, roughly? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
At the beginning of last year ballpark, the order book would have been, 
I don't have the figure in front of me, but would have been in the vicinity 
of about 28,000-29,000 tons. The current order book is in the vicinity 
about 32,000 tons, approximately. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And this is after the depletion of the railway order book, right? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes. 
Naysar Parikh: 
So, railway order last year would be roughly how much? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
That would have been around Rs. 275 crore, which is about Rs. 200 
crore right now. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood. And just in terms of our order book now and the next year, 
how do we see the mix between exports and domestic? And are you 
seeing any impact or any slowdown in your exports order book? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Actually, no, in fact, quite the contrary. The exports order book is 
booming. We've never seen this kind of buoyancy in our exports in the 
recent past. Probably in the last ten years. The majority of our exports 
go towards North and South American railways as well as mining. So, 
both of those segments in those regions are undergoing transformation, 
modernization and upgradation. So, for the next few years, we see quite 
strong order flows from our export lines. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Sir, you said your exports was mainly into what? 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Mainly for railways. North and South American railways predominantly 
freight rail. So, the entire segment over there is undergoing 
modernization and upgradation. So, for the next few years, we have a 
very strong visibility of growth from our client. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And would the mix for exports and domestic be similar to this year, or 
is that changing? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I think for the year FY24, the mix between exports and domestic will 
remain constant. Earlier we had expected that exports would shrink as a 
percentage because domestic would outgrow exports, but today I think 
exports is kind of keeping up with domestic. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And the margins are broadly similar between the two, between 
exports Vs domestic 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The margins are similar because the margins are based on the type of 
product and the level of value add that you supply. But in the exports 
order content, the value add is very, very high and the products are more 
machined, or there are more machine components in the exports side, 
therefore, exports contributes disproportionately to the profitability. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. And just a last question, in terms of the sectors on the domestic 
side, which sectors are increased? Are you seeing more traction going 
forward? And especially on something on the renewable energy side. 
Solar, wind, etc., are you seeing more traction there? Do we have more 
clients there? Is that something that is our focus area? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So, power generation, including renewables as well as traction motors, 
railway components, those are the two segments that are growing 
exponentially when compared to the other businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushal Kedia from Wallfort PMS. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 29 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Hi, I'm sorry I joined a little late. Akshay, I just want one clarification. 
You said Rs. 1800 crore of topline can be achieved just from the new 
plant or the full capacity? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Full capacity. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Full capacity you can do Rs. 1800 crore. And this is 80% or this is 100%. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
80%. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Because it is difficult for us to go to above 90%, right? And in our 
industry, I am just understanding, we can't go above 90%. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
See, you can do for a short burst if push comes through sharp. But if you 
continue doing that, if you go beyond 80%, then you are kind of 
degrading the machine life because you're not providing the requisite 
maintenance to it. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Okay. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
We do it in the crunch when we don't have capacity and the orders have 
to be executed. But in a normal circumstance, we would not ever like to 
do that. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
So, Akshay just broadly, I wanted to understand on the industry capital 
goods is on a high growth trajectory for the next few years because the 
CAPEX announced by the government. So how do you think we can 
take benefit of that, and we can take to consider the next level, say like 
a Rs. 2500-3000 crore kind of topline. So, when do you think that is 
possible? If I were just to ask you to take a guess with the factors that 
are in control right now or are visible right now? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
See, more than the top line, we would like to think of it in terms of 
machine hours sold and tonnage sold, because topline can be quite 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 29 
misleading due to the steel pricings. So right now, if you see we are 
expanding our capacity by about 72,000 tons, 80% of which is about 
58,000 tons of utilizable capacity. Based on the order visibility that we 
have for FY25 or maybe by FY26, definitely that should be completely 
sold out. In terms of machining, we are quite more confident there. We 
are expanding to 6.5 lakh machine hours. We see that that capacity 
should be fully utilized by the middle of FY25 itself. So, we should be 
looking at a higher growth trajectory in the machine component business 
and also that's far more profitable. So, that is a segment that you would 
like to grow more than the other segment. 
Moderator: 
We will move to the next question that is from the line of Arafat Saiyed 
from InCred. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
My question is on Vande Bharat trains. So how that order book is 
picking up? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So, Vande Bharat is picking up quite well. We are supplying the 
laminations to the Medha Servo Drives, which is the one who's currently 
supplying the Vande Bharat train sets. We are also in the final stages of 
approvals to supply various machine components for the same. Apart 
from Medha, the orders have gone to multiple more players now. I think 
totally about six, seven of them now. And we are engaged with almost 
every one of them for supply of components. They are still in their proto 
and development stage. The commercial supply is only coming from 
Medha Servo as of now to Indian Railways. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
So, what is the size of order that you'll be supplying to them? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Correct me if I'm wrong. About 32 motors are required in one Vande 
Bharat train set as it's about 64 coaches, and half of them are powered. 
So about 32 motors would be required. Each motor has about half a ton 
of lamination. So, per train set works out to about 16 tons of lamination. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 29 
Apart from that, it also has a whole variety of machine components, both 
for the bogies as well as the undercarriage parts. There we are right now 
getting ourselves approved not only with Medha, but with ICF and 
Indian Railways as well. So once those parts are approved and come into 
commercial production, we should see significant growth from the 
machine components business side. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
So, what is your scope of work in the entire Vande Bharat ecosystem? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
We make the laminations for the motors, which I told you, which works 
out about 16 to 18 tons per train set, approximately. And then there's a 
whole bunch of machines casting fabricated parts where we are now 
getting approved. So, we'll start supplying those. The point is that 
whether Medha makes it or anyone else makes it, the machine 
components are required by all. And I believe that's a uniform ICF 
design which goes for all vendors together. It's just the electrical system 
it changes depending on the vendor. With the other vendors other than 
Medha, we are also in the process of developing their parts. They are in 
a proto stage; some are in development stage. So once that starts and 
they start supplying, our business will further increase. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Next on windmill business, what is scope in the entire windmill business 
for you? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So, in the windmill business, we make the generator part. So, the rotor 
and the stator for the generator is what we manufacture. In the rotor, we 
also do the shaft of the rotor, which is fixed into the rotor and supply to 
the end customer. We typically do up to 3.2 megawatts size turbines as 
of now for our customers, which is Siemens Gamesa. As they progress 
to the next range, we will also graduate with them. For us, the product 
does not change much. For them, it changes considerably because the 
tower and the fan and the blades they will go a dynamic shift. Our 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 29 
product does not change as much as you go up in size. And apart from 
the generator related components, we also do some machine components 
which are called pedestals, which kind of keep the fan rotor and the 
generator rotor in line aligned properly. So, we make those machine 
components as well. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
And lastly, on your Hydro Pump business so any orders lined up there? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Pumped hydro, you mean? 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So, in the Pumped Hydro, there are two projects going on in the country. 
One is with Greenko and one is with JSW, I believe. Our end customer 
is Andritz, they are supplying what they call as pump and generator sets. 
They are like a motor and a generator. It's reversible motor, to them for 
their pumped hydro project. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Lastly, basically, if we want to understand any product you are 
supplying for EV. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
EV related products, both for two wheelers, four wheelers and three 
wheelers, some of them are in commercial supply with a couple of our 
customers. The rest are in the development phase. To keep that 
development phase going, we are also engaging with them to focus on 
the legacy combustion engine related lamination so that our relationship 
gets stronger with our end customers. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
So basically, what do you think about this business? How much growth 
do you expect in this EV business? Can it multiply by at least, let's say 
5x in the next couple of 2-3 years? Because the base is low, right? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The base is so low that it should be far more than 5x. I mean, today 
hardly any of the customers are making their motors in India. Most of it 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 29 
is import. As they start localizing it, the base effect would be what? I 
think in the last full year, we have done about 6-7 crores of total revenue 
for automotive of which electric vehicle would be probably about 1 crore 
or 2 crores. So, from there it will be far more than 5x growth. One order 
conversion would contribute at least 25-30 crores of revenue. Two 
would do like double of that. So, the base is so low that is maybe like 
28-30X. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
So, you mean this business can do at least, let's say Rs. 20, 30, 40 crore 
business in next 5 years? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Per year, yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Sanjeev Zarbade with Dreamladder 
Investment Advisory.  
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
It was regarding our trend in borrowings. So, every year for the last five, 
six years, the debt has continued to go up. But if you compare it with 
other capital goods companies, most of them are debt free. So, how 
should we look at your company in this sector? How will the trend for 
the debt move in the coming 4-5 years? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In the last 1.5 years, we have considerably reduced our net debt, I think, 
from its peak of Rs. 335 crore, we are down to about 225 crores. For the 
next year, I think it should remain flattish as we are in the middle of our 
CAPEX cycle. After that, we should see it going down significantly. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Yashika Pancholi with Sunidhi 
Securities.  
Yashika Pancholi: 
I have three questions. I may have missed out something because I 
dropped out. Sir, in three major points, if you could sum up the big 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 29 
opportunities in the coming two to three years for Pitti Engineering? And 
just three of them, the three big ones. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
First would be the machine components business. Now, the machine 
components business would touch probably most of our end user 
segments in one way or the other. In machine components, you have 
fabricated parts, you have casted parts, which are machines, the shafts 
that we have machining for the motors, so, whether the business is 
related to motors or not, machine components, we can still serve a 
customer where there's no motor requirement. So, the vertical that we 
are creating on machine components is something which is very 
exciting. The second one would be the growth and modernization of 
railways, not just in India, but in North America. I think that's a very 
exciting opportunity with Vande Bharat trains, with some modernization 
of great locomotives. So that should keep giving us good orders for the 
next five to ten years. 
Yashika Pancholi: 
If you can quantify it. Approximately, if you could quantify the railway 
opportunity. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Railway opportunity is quite open ended, if you see, in the machine 
components space, which is why we are so excited and I put that as 
number one, is that in a motor there's a finite amount of lamination that 
you require, and we can only serve that requirement. At best, in terms of 
adjacencies, we can touch the castings or shafts or forgings which are 
machined and go into the motor. In machine components, the entire field 
is open. In railways, I don't have the data offhand, but I'm pretty sure it 
must in thousands of crores, tens of thousands of crores the requirement 
of machine components alone in just railways. So, it’s quite difficult to 
just put a number there. 
Yashika Pancholi: 
That much is enough. And yes, sir, please go on. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
And then third, I would say the overall CAPEX cycle as a last one, 
because that is going to keep everything boiled. 
Yashika Pancholi: 
So, the next question, if we were to just do the competition analysis of 
the entire sector that companies like us, I understand that there's a big 
unorganized market size, but within the organized, if we could give a 
little bit of colour as to where we stand. Like, what percentage would 
we approximately be within the organized market of laminations, 
electrical laminations? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Unfortunately, there is no consolidated data of the size of the industry. 
EMA, which is the parent body for motors, they do collect certain data 
from their reporting members, as they call it. But there are so many 
motor manufacturers and large ones at that which do not report the data. 
And then any other thing that goes into, say, renewable energy, power 
generation, mining, oil and gas, all of those kinds of things or 
automotive, does not even come part of the EMA data. So, the only way 
to kind of measure the industry size is through the consumption of 
electrical steel. That also has its own follies because you do make 
motors, the inefficient ones and the unorganized segment, they make it 
from CRCL. So, it can only be derived from the consumption of 
Electrical steel. So, if I do that working, about 700,000 or 750,000 tons 
was the consumption of electrical steel in India last year, including 
imports. We consumed about 60,000 tons of steel. So, from that, 
empirically, we can say that about 8% is our market share in the 
organized segment. 
Yashika Pancholi: 
So, one last question. There are these new research articles that state that 
nickel iron alloys are highly innovative. I mean, I'm just reading it out, 
highly innovative and intelligent solution vis-à-vis electrical steel and 
are ideal substitutes of CRNO steel lamination. So, I wanted to 
understand what your view is and what is the plan going forward? 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
For us, it makes no difference. We punch CRNO, we punch CRCO, or 
we punch the nickel alloy, it actually doesn't make difference to us. It's 
the motor manufacturer that needs to decide what steel grade they want 
to use and accordingly change the configuration of their motor. So, if 
you use even in CRNO, if I could just give you all an illustration, there 
are probably 50 different grades of CRNO that we use at any given point 
of time. If you change the grade, the copper content may change, or the 
aluminum content in the motor will change, the size may increase or 
decrease, and the efficiency may go up. So, there are a lot of those 
electrical engineering related queries and thoughts that the motor 
manufacturer should take into the design consideration and then tell us 
what they want. 
Yashika Pancholi: 
So, wouldn't make a difference to us, even if they are demanding 
nickel…all right. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
See at max, the tooling will change, for which they'll have to compensate 
us, as most of the tooling is customer owned. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Rabindranath Nayak with Sunidhi 
Securities.  
Rabindranath Nayak: 
Recently, Siemens has actually sold its low voltage motor 
business to its own global group entity. So, whether it will have some 
impact on the offtake from Siemens side in the short term or it is not 
working. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
See, it doesn't make a difference because earlier, if you go way back in 
history, large drive was part of Siemens India. They hived it off and they 
separated it as a company. Now they have hived off the motors business 
to Large Drive. For us, operationally it makes no difference. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 29 
Rabindranath Nayak: Can you please give me the average CRNO steel price for FY 23 in the 
whole year? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
For the full year on an average basis, for one grade, I can give you, like 
I said, there are more than 20-30 different grades. If you take the 
cheapest grade for the full year, the average was about Rs. 98,000 per 
ton. 
Rabindranath Nayak: For the costlier grade? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
For the costlier grade, it depends. The costliest grade can be as high as 
Rs. 2.5 lakh a ton. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pulkit Singhal with Dalmus 
Capital Management.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of annual 
numbers. I think now the second consecutive year of 19%-20% ROEs 
and ROCEs, which is a commendable job given the evolution of the 
company. The first question is on this whole exports opportunity, this 
railway modernization part that you talked about in North and South 
America, can you help us understand the underlying drivers? Because I 
know there's a certain CAPEX cycle uptick and push happening in the 
US. So, do you see this to be driven more by that supported by 
government and that major manufacturing push that they're happening? 
And what could be the size in terms of tonnage, like for their 
requirements annually? And what is the kind of market share that we 
have had and whether that's shifting towards the up or not. Just trying to 
get that sense of the opportunity? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
If you take the North American business, it is primarily driven by the 
infrastructure push by the government there, the capital spending that 
they are doing and incentivizing them to clean up the freight rail system. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 29 
So, we are talking of hybrid trains now because in US, electrification of 
the railways is not really possible given the distances and the length of 
track. So, they are moving to hybrid solutions, hydrogen-based 
locomotives. So, all of those innovations are taking place there. At the 
same time, they have to modernize their fleet in terms of emissions as 
well as efficiencies. So, there are two overlaying cycles going 
concurrently which are going to continue driving growth over the next 
3 to 5 years.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And what is the size of, what is that requirement annually that they have 
and where do they source from and how much is our share within that 
facility? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So out of the North American rail business as I understand it Wabtec 
and EMD Electro-Motive Diesel, Caterpillar companies, they are the 
two dominant players in the locomotive space there. EMD, I think has 
about a 30%-35% market share and Wabtec has about a 65%-70% 
market share. We supply only to Wabtec. We are not working with EMD 
as of now and in Wabtec I would say we have got an 80%-85% market 
share of the products that we supply. So yes, in terms of the overall 
market that there is from what I understand is about 20,000 to 22,000 
locomotives installed based in US which over the next 10 years will need 
to be entirely overhauled or upgraded.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And that pace was much lower in the last 5-7 years, right? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes, the people were idling the locomotives. They're not really using it 
and so now they are going to start using it as well.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And in this EMD we were not participating because we are allying with 
Wabtec. Is that something restricting you from addressing that 
company?  

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
EMD currently sources most of the products within North America and 
most of the products they do the assemblies in house. Wabtec has a more 
agile and distributed manufacturing base. So, they have manufacturing 
setups in Mexico, India, and couple of places in the US which 
complement each other so they can buy more value-added parts from far 
away and make a good business case out of it. EMD, I don't believe is 
as agile or as spread out as Wabtec.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
For Wabtec also is it possible for us to get into more I mean more than 
your current set of products that you're supplying? I'm just trying to see 
whether this whole China Plus One angle is coming into play at some 
place whether it be this North American opportunity or somewhere else? 
Are you seeing that play out in some manner? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
For the machine components with Wabtec, we are growing significantly. 
In the last 2 years we've already grown more than 25%-30% per year on 
machine components with them and we see that continuing in the future 
and that is again in my opinion driven by China Plus One. They have 
not said it in as many words but most of the current vendors were based 
out of China for those products.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And your capacity expansion plans while there's a current timeline. In 
case there is scale up because these things are relatively unpredictable 
you can get delayed or even faster. In case you have faster orders are 
you able to kind of get prepone your plans as well or they are pretty 
much set timelines? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
We can prepone it by a couple of months but looking at the current 
annual business plan we don't see the need to do it. So, we want to kind 
of conserve our cash as long as possible rather than expending our cash 
flow.  

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 26 of 29 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Lastly anything on the consolidation of opportunity that you think in 
India from the space, laminations space, are you thinking about that or 
any plans there yet? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So, in my opinion only long term, the industry which is currently very 
fragmented as you can see, we are just 8% of the market and the next 
manufacturer of laminations would be probably half our size or even less 
than that. So, the industry is right for consolidation. It's just that the 
owners of those businesses must want consolidation. We are all for it if 
we get an opportunity.  
Moderator: 
We move on to our next question which is from the line of Atul Agarwal, 
an individual investor. 
Atul Agarwal: 
My question is that do you have a vision for next 10 years or next 20 
years? Because I believe the electrical laminations and electrical motors 
seem to have a very great future even if it is at a drawing board stage? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In terms of our vision or aspiration obviously all of us have that. You 
would like to emulate what the bigger manufacturers in Europe and US 
have done. If you see in those regions in US there's only one player in 
e-STEEL and in Europe there are two or three giants such as 
Eurotranciatura or Tempel Steel. So yes, you would like to consolidate 
the industry grow to maybe a couple of 100-1,000 tons worth of e-
STEEL on the laminations side of the business. On the machine 
components side of the business as I mentioned that is the one place 
where you are most excited so 6,50,000 machine hours is a stepping 
stone. You should look at doubling that over the next 4-5 years. Apart 
from that the motor that is one place where we are very excited. We see 
opportunity going forward. As the business grows in India, our end 
customers would want to outsource the motor manufacturing as they 
have done in Europe or in China. So, we see that we should become the 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 27 of 29 
integrated player for all motor related business whether it is component, 
its lamination, its shafts or even ready to use motors with the customers’ 
insignia stand on the product. So that is kind of a vision or aspiration 
that we have in this particular business. To supplement this, we would 
think that apart from the sheet metal and the machining that we have we 
should have a foundry, we should have a port shop, so we can provide a 
vertically integrated best cost solution to our customers, that's on the 
motor side. And then on the railways side, if you see we are already quite 
a bit of the journey there where from just laminations now I would say 
that machine components by next year should be more than the 
lamination related business in railways. If you take that as the business 
case as to how we have developed the railway side of the business you 
would like to replicate that on the other end user segment. 
Atul Agarwal: 
And Vande Bharat will do lot of good and publicity to this company. 
My next question is that we are already a Rs.1,000 crore company in 
terms of sales. And then roughly what do you expect our sales figure 
will be 10 years from now? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Sales will be from 10 years from now. See, again on constant revenue 
terms if the aspirational target like I have said a couple of 100 thousand 
even if you take 1,50,000 metric tons and it should top maybe Rs. 7,000-
8,000 crore, a billion dollars plus. It should. I mean if we don't achieve 
that then we have not done our job properly, right? 
Atul Agarwal: 
I hope that you will be able to do better than this. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
With your wishes hopefully, we also hope to do better than that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Piyush Jain with Acquaint Bee.  
Piyush Jain: 
One clarification. We were expecting an incentive of 30 crores, if I'm 
not wrong for this year.  

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 28 of 29 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes. 
Piyush Jain: 
Has any expectation changed in this regard? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
No, it's not changed. It's just that sanction letter from the state 
government has not been received. So as prudent accounting practice we 
can only account it once the sanction letter is received by us. So, it 
should go into Quarter 1 of the current fiscal.  
Piyush Jain: 
But I also read an announcement from you recently on 20th May that said 
that the industry incentive for 7 years with an annual cap of Rs. 14.8 
crore in terms of scale? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
So that's the first part of the overall Maharashtra factories incentive 
package. So firstly, if you have time, I'll just break it up into two parts. 
There's Phase I and there's Phase II. Phase I was a total of 180 crore. I'm 
just giving you round figures as I don't have the exact number in front 
of me which we are eligible to receive over 7 years. The applicability of 
it comes from the date you put your equipment into use. The first tranche 
was approved for Rs. 104 crore over 7 years. The remaining Rs. 80 crore 
was approved over the next 4 years. So that's how we get to Rs. 34 crore 
of which 90% is distributed every year. That's how we come back down 
to about Rs. 30 crore. This is Phase I. The first year of Rs. 34 crors of 
90% of which is distributed in per year started last financial year. We 
are supposed to account it in last financial year due to a delay at state 
government to release the sanction letter for the second part. It will now 
happen in Quarter 1 of current fiscal. Apart from this the ongoing 
CAPEX is also eligible for incentives which will start in 3 years’ time.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, ladies and gentlemen we have reached 
the end of the question-answer session and on behalf of Pitti Engineering 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining the call. For 
further queries or visiting the plant, please be in touch with Rama Naidu 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 29 of 29 
from Intellect PR on 9920-20-9623. Thank you for joining us and have 
a wonderful day.  
