 
 
 
 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
August 18, 2023 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings conference call held on Friday, August 11, 
2023, for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company's website, from the below 
link: 
 
https://www.allcargologistics.com/datafiles/cmsinvestor/eevh16083 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                    
 
 
                              
Devanand Mojidra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM 
MOJIDRA
Digitally signed by DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM MOJIDRA 
Date: 2023.08.18 16:26:25 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Ltd Q1 FY-24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 11th August 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER – ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAL SHAH – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAILESH RAJA – B&K SECURITIES 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Limited Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by B&K Securities. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal and operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touch 
tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sailesh Raja from B&K Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Shailesh Raja: 
Yes. Thank you, Jai. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of B&K Securities, I welcome you 
all to the 1Q FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Allcargo Logistics Limited. We are pleased to 
have with us the management team represented by Mr. Ravi Jakhar, Group Chief Strategy 
Officer and Mr. Deepal Shah, Group CFO. We have opening remarks from the management 
followed by Q&A session. Thank you and over to you Mr. Ravi. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thank you, Sailesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining in for the call. It is our 
privilege to be talking about our Company’s quarterly performance and thank you all for 
attending in.  
The quarter gone by from April to June 2023 has been filled with significant headwinds on the 
international trade and that has led to what we would term as a disappointing quarter. There is 
optimism as we look ahead and at the same time, we do not still foresee the sharp rebound in the 
trade that economists were expecting until a few months ago, and we were also expecting for a 
normalized second half of 2023, which is July to December. However, the volumes continue to 
remain under pressure. And that's the overall sentiment on the international supply chain 
business, which is the flagship business.  
I'll try to share key commentary on all the businesses and then hand it over to my colleague 
Deepal.  
We have also tried to incorporate all the comments and inputs that we received from our 
shareholders and the research analysts in trying to provide additional information. So, I would 
also request you all to look at the investor presentation which has been shared which captures 
more details this time. For instance, we have provided the breakup of industry segments in the 
contract logistics business to provide better clarity. We have also shared more financial details 
about the segment, which is now important, being 100% owned by us as compared to being a 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
joint venture in the past. We have also shared the gross profit information for the international 
supply chain as was sought by many participants in the last call and we have included further 
details which can help you understand the performance of the Company in a better way.  
Starting with the contract logistics business: 
This is a business which has continued to perform well on the back of strong macroeconomic 
environment in the Indian context, which has continued to see good consumption and demand, 
formalization of warehousing sector and our strong presence in chemical industry on the back 
of which we have been able to also enter significantly in the e-commerce, auto and a few other 
segments over the last seven years since we entered into this business. And quarter on quarter, 
year on year, the business has continued to demonstrate robust performance. And for this quarter 
as well, we have seen the similar trend and we also foresee continued strong performance 
considering the pipeline in terms of orders in hand and the ones we are competing for. And we 
believe that this business will continue to perform well in the near term and the long term.  
On the express business wherein, we had also acquired additional 30% shareholding from our 
Japanese partners. In that business, we see two significant trends, one on the operational front, 
now it's been more than five to six months that we have seen consistent high operating 
parameters being delivered by the Company in line with the best in the industry. And that is a 
reassurance of operational capabilities of the business. That is also reflected in the increasing 
revenue in the business. And we have also, considering that Gati is separately listed, we have 
also shared more details on Gati in the earlier earnings call on Gati, so I would not get into much 
detail, but even the volume data shared for the month of July indicates continued momentum on 
the revenue. With the improved operating performance and more revenue coming in, we believe 
that we are in the right direction to improve the performance of the Company both on top line 
as well as in terms of improvement in the margin.  
As of today, with the acquisition of 30% having been completed in the month of June, effectively 
Allcargo logistics owns approximately 65% of this Express business. 30% directly through the 
Gati Express supply chain, which is the Company, which was earlier called Gati Kintetsu 
Express, and 35% through 50% holding in Gati which holds the remaining 70%. So, effectively 
Allcargo logistics holds 65% of this business. On the contract logistics again with the transaction 
consummated, now we own 100% of the business. However, since the transaction was 
completed midway during the quarter, we still have not consolidated the numbers into the 
consolidated performance. And therefore, in the investor presentation, we have provided a 
combined view. While the consolidated numbers may look slightly different since the 
consolidation, from an accounting standpoint, was only done for the one month. Going forward 
with all the acquisitions and the shareholding transfers completed, we would see the consolidated 
numbers as the right numbers. There's no need to provide the additional combined numbers.  
Coming to the flagship business, which is again 100% owned by us operating in India under 
Allcargo logistics and operating worldwide under different subsidiaries which are all 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
subsidiaries of Allcargo Belgium, which is 100% subsidiary. In that business, in the best of the 
times, when the global trade was booming, with inventory levels being at all time high, 
warehouses being filled, in that kind of an environment we were seeing extremely robust 
performance with quarterly EBITDA crossing Rs. 300 crores on a quarterly basis. As a headline 
statement, I would say that with the weakening of global trade with all the other headwind impact 
, we still estimated that we should still be able to perform and be able to manage cost and gross 
profits in a manner whereby we should be perhaps looking at Rs. 180 to Rs. 200 crores kind of 
quarterly EBITDA. However, clearly beyond the macroeconomic forecast being wrong, I 
believe, and let me admit that our own anticipation and expectations on the impact on the 
performance of the competitive pressures and the weakening volumes has not turned out to be 
correct and which is why we see a much weaker quarter than what we would have liked to see 
in the April to June quarter gone by.  
Primarily, there are two factors driving this. So, on one hand, the macro-economic environment 
means lower volume and higher competitive intensity with everyone competing for that. That is 
a parameter on which we are performing well. If I look at the top 20 countries where we operate, 
in 18 or 19 countries out of those 20 we have gained market share with only one exception 
wherein we have lost about 1% to 1.5% market share. So, we have continued to outperform the 
competition in terms of being able to do more business, but there has also been a competitive 
pressure on the pricing and with utilization numbers remaining low in terms of the container 
utilization, what we were doing about 12 months ago, today each container is perhaps 8% to 
10% lesser filled as you can again see from the container utilization index we have shared here. 
So, the combination of all these factors the gross profit has been impacted. So, one could see 
that the gross profit which we have shared this time on a year-on-year basis is down 
approximately 19%, while we would have anticipated it to be down lower in terms of rupees per 
cubic meter earned on the LCL business, we would have endeavored to keep it constant, but that 
has also dropped by about 6% to 7%. And these impacts on the gross profit when translate into 
EBITDA impact, they get more pronounced with the scale impact.  
The other highlight to look at this is also there have been some specific countries where we are 
focusing on and I would say if you looked at like I said, potentially in our estimation with all the 
adverse headwinds, with all the challenges we would have still liked to do perhaps Rs. 65 crores 
to Rs. 70 crores more than what has been delivered in the international supply chain segment. 
And if you look at it, possibly half of that gap can be accounted to one single country, United 
States of America where we have seen a significantly weak performance and we are working on 
improving there.  
If I combine Europe and Americas, these two regions which represent largely the long-haul trade 
also with lot of trade happening between Asia to these destinations and to the more developed 
western economies, which have been under more severe pressure in terms of trade flows. What 
we observe is that these countries put together, Europe and Americas were a year ago, if you 
look at the first half of 2022 calendar year, they were contributing to perhaps almost anywhere 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
in the range of 40% to 50% of the EBITDA for international supply chain, while that contribution 
in the first half of this year, January to June is perhaps in the range of 10% to 15%. With the 
significant impact in these two regions and in terms of mitigating these factors, we are doing 
multiple things. One, we remain focused on the volumes which is why despite weak environment 
there is published data available from various forwarders and shipping lines listed on 
international exchanges talking about 8%,  9%,  10% kind of decline in volumes. We know from 
our competitive landscape that we estimate our competing LCL consolidators to have lost 
volume to the degree of maybe 14% to 15%. In comparison to that, we have been able to increase 
our market share and thereby perform better in volume terms. We foresee a similar trend in the 
month of July as well, where we should be able to win on volumes and we should be able to 
share July data in the next three to five days.  
So, we are able to hold on to volumes and this means that the expanded market share should 
help us when the market environment improves, we should be able to grow volumes and you 
know as volume grows, hopefully that would mean better container utilizations and therefore 
that's one plan we have in terms of staying focused on volume and market share to improve 
performance as the macroeconomic environment improves. The second aspect we've been 
focusing on is now looking at the cost line items more closely, expediting some of the initiatives 
which could be either around automating certain mundane processes or it could be about 
executing the outcome of some of the transformation programs we have been running, which 
now has standardized the process and therefore allow us to move certain positions from high-
cost countries into lower cost countries to reduce the cost.  
So, on one hand, we are trying to stay focused on volumes and market share. On the other hand, 
we are now more consciously looking at the costs as well with an endeavor to get back to the 
EBITDA levels that we believe would be sustainable in adverse situations and as and when the 
global macroeconomic environment improves, we should be able to further gain.  
On the FCL side, the market again has been weaker, and that has prevented us from exhibiting 
the growth rate that we have seen over the last seven – eight years on a sustained basis of 20%. 
The volumes in FCL are also flat. In the FCL business we have always spoken about decline in 
yield with the freight rates coming down, which has happened. But while we anticipated that to 
be compensated by expanding volumes, we have found expanding volumes in FCL business to 
be more challenging, even though our market share in FCL is minuscule. So, in the FCL 
business, the Company's strategy is to focus on select markets. We are building team capabilities 
in some select markets and trying to work with these focused markets to drive growth in volume.  
In summary: 
The Company’s approach on the international supply chain business would be to improve 
performance even with the adverse conditions continuing and should the conditions improve, 
we should be able to see a significant improvement. In some sense, when we look at the 
profitability as well as the cost considering all the inflationary adjustments and the appraisals 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
which happen in the first quarter in some countries which is around December to January, and 
some countries in the second quarter which are mostly effective from 1st April. This quarter of 
April to June essentially accounts for all cost escalations, also accounts for competitive intensity 
and therefore from an international supply chain business perspective, this is the bottom 
performance. And our endeavor is to improve from here and not just hoping for better 
macroeconomic environment, but also with various initiatives which are highlighted and we 
would also look at strengthening our own internal business forecast mechanism in highly volatile 
environment so that we can endeavor to, just like how we've been trying to provide more and 
more better clear information, also try to provide more and more accurate forecasts on how we 
see the coming few quarters.  
So, with that, I would say international supply chain business has seen its toughest times. On the 
other hand, on the domestic side, we continue to see favorable environment for the contract 
logistics and the Express logistics business and both those businesses are heading in the right 
direction. Apart from these three businesses, all the other businesses of the Company have 
already been demerged and therefore the business is focused on these asset light digitally enabled 
businesses and in terms of technology advances, we are making good progress. 
Our data science programs have been yielding impact. If you look at the impact on network 
optimization for the Express logistics business, which is being done by data science today, we 
are also using generative AI to improve efficiencies in answering quotation emails which allow 
us to gain more volumes. This is in context of international supply chain business. So, in many 
ways, the business performance that we see is also somewhere aided by technology and every 
year to come, we believe technology to play an even important role. And considering that we 
would remain focused on technology initiatives which would drive the growth of the Company 
in the long term.  
And on that note I would request my colleague, Deepal Shah to share “Financial Highlights” 
and talk about the financial performance of the Company. Deepal, over to you.  
Deepal Shah: 
Thank you, Ravi. I will now discuss the performance for Q1 FY24: 
The consolidated revenue for Q1 FY24 stood at Rs. 3,271 crores as compared to Rs. 5,474 crores 
during the same quarter last year. 
The consolidated EBITDA for Q1 FY24 stood at Rs. 139 crore as compared to Rs. 360 crores 
for the Q1 FY23. The Company reported a consolidated PAT of Rs. 119 crores for Q1 FY24 as 
compared to Rs. 260 crores for Q1 FY23. I would like to highlight here that the Company has a 
very comfortable debt position. With the net debt for Q1 FY24 being at a very marginal level of 
Rs. 12 crores, this is after acquiring 20% stake from KWE, Kintetsu partners for Rs. 406 crores.  
Post transaction we have changed the name of the Company from GKEPL, which was Gati-
Kintetsu Express Private Limited to Gati Express And Supply Chain Private Limited.  

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Moving on to the segmental performance: 
I will start by discussing the performance of the international supply chain business. As Ravi 
mentioned, you know the global trade environment continues to remain soft. The Company is 
facing increased competition for incremental volumes in the market, driven by muted overall 
demand. We intend to maintain our focus on volumes and market share. LCL volumes for the 
quarter one of FY24 stood at 2.2 million cubic meters as compared to 2.3 million cubic meters 
for the previous year quarter. Owing to our market share focus, sales and volume witnessed a  
growth of 6.2% sequentially.  
On the FCL front, the FY24 quarter one volumes stood at143,000 TEU’s, the volumes de-grew 
by 9% on a YoY basis. For the Q1 FY24, the international supply chain business reported a 
revenue of Rs. 2,823 crores as compared to Rs. 5,043 crores in Q1 FY23. The EBITDA for the 
same period stood at Rs. 111 crores as compared to Rs. 341 crores for the previous quarter.  
Moving on to the Express business: 
Operating under the Gati Express Supply Chain Private Limited, continued emphasis on the 
best-in-class service levels and enhancing operational efficiency has culminated in a yet another 
strong performance for the quarter. The volumes for Q1 FY24 stood at 292,000 metric tons 
representing a 5% YoY growth. For the period, the reported revenues stood at Rs. 367 crores as 
compared to Rs. 365 crores in the same quarter last year.  
The Express business will launch its Bangalore hub in August and the volume momentum is 
expected to remain strong.  
Moving on to the contract logistics business: 
As Ravi mentioned, we have consolidated for one month the contract logistics business because 
it was acquired towards the mid of the quarter. And we have completed our transaction and 
100% of that business is now owned by Allcargo logistics through its subsidiary ASCPL which 
is Allcargo Supply Chain Private Limited. Therefore, the full impact of the contract logistics 
business will be clearly visible from the following quarters. Assuming 100% ownership, the 
entire quarter, if you were to take it into account the contract logistics revenue for Q1 FY24 
would be around close to Rs. 75 crores as compared to Rs. 77 crores for the Q1 FY23. Similarly, 
an EBITDA for the entire quarter would be close to Rs. 32 crores as compared to Rs. 28 cores 
for the previous quarter last year.  
In line with the best disclosure practices, we have been consistently providing other key 
comparative financial performance and operational indicators in our investor presentation, one 
can refer this for more details.  
With this I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nirav Savai from Abacus. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Hi, my question is on the MTO business. So, last quarter we had a quarterly one of provision for 
about 60 odd crores. Is there something exceptional this quarter also? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
No, there is no impact of any exceptionals in this quarter. There are of course, like I mentioned, 
countries which require more focus, but that is a business concern. There are no one of 
exceptional items per se impacting this performance. 
Nirav Sawai: 
And the second thing you said that US and Europe combined was about 40% of your EBITDA 
in 22 in terms of contribution which has come down to 10%. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
First half of 22 yes. 
Nirav Sawai: 
First half of 22, which is coming down to 10% for the first quarter, right? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
First half of ‘23, again like to like comparison for first half ‘22 versus first half ‘23. It was over 
40% and now it is in the range of 10% to 15% is what I was highlighting demonstrate that there's 
a greater concern in those markets and which is what we are trying to address through 
management initiatives. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Okay, and the same thing continues for the first quarter as well for the ‘24? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, when I'm saying, I'm referring to the calendar year. So, January to June ‘22 versus 
January to June ‘23 is what I'm referring to. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Right. So, this is basically more competition intensity, or it is completely volumes which have 
become very weak or what exactly is resulting in this? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
This is largely a concern arising out of reduced volumes and reduced volumes have a multiplying 
impact one. These are the markets which typically have you know higher cost base in terms of 
your SG&A cost, people costs are usually higher in these markets. At the same time, profit is 
also higher because these are longer trade lanes. So, when you're shipping something from China 
to Korea, the profit would be naturally much lesser as compared to shipping something from 
China to US or Europe. So, these countries work well because they have higher profit and higher 
cost base.  
Now the cost base remains the same if the macroeconomic environment doesn’t change, rather 
many of these countries, which would have, you know, inflationary salary adjustments of 1% - 
1.5% historically have much higher adjustments this time. And many of these countries are even 
mandated by law. So, the cost base continues to be high, but weakening of volumes in these 
trade lanes creates an impact and which is why you know, and that multiplier effect comes into 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
play because the absolute decline in gross profit translates into absolute decline in EBITDA. So, 
in percentage terms, it becomes significant. So, that is the situation. And so, it's largely the 
decline in volumes in these markets and these are long haul markets, which basically impacts 
the profitability more and lower volumes naturally mean more competition, lesser utilization, all 
those things come along with that. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Right. So, we continue to see a similar kind of demand scenario even in the July month or do 
you see signs of recovery? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we have not seen the change in macroeconomic environment in July. What we have been 
able to do is we have been able to continue our own initiatives which should help us further 
improve by 2% - 3% on perhaps approximately a month-on-month basis In terms of our own 
volume. But in terms of the overall macroeconomic environment, we still don't see any 
significant reversal in demand. But in terms of our own volume, you should see 2% - 3% to 
maybe about 4% – 4.5%. We'll release the data next week. We're still compiling it for the month 
of July, but there's the positive upward trend, which is primarily limited to our performance as 
compared to the overall environment. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Right. In terms of cost, if we see the conversion cost for MTO business is roundabout Rs. 580 
crores for the first quarter. So, is there any annualized budget where you can get a sense of how 
this is moving on for FY24 the entire year? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
You mean to say the forecast for the remaining two quarters? 
Nirav Sawai: 
In terms of cost, yes, so, we see this…. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
In terms of cost, like I said the quarter from April to June, in this quarter some countries would 
have seen cost increase on annual appraisals etc., in the first quarter of the year, which is January. 
This business operates from January to December for us from a business stand point, and 
therefore several countries that operate on January to December see appraisals in January to 
March. But countries like India see it from 1st April, but in April to June all costs are factored in 
is what I was mentioning earlier. So, from a cost standpoint, consider this as all cost factored in. 
So, from here on we are able to improve gross profit. That should come down to the bottom line. 
That is what the endeavor is, to improve the gross profit so that it can be passed on to EBITDA. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Okay, so the similar cost is something which will continue as far as the rest of the year is 
concerned on a quarterly basis. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, I mean we are just trying to bring it down marginally as well, which should also possibly 
help us maybe in a - so in about three to six months’ timeframe we should be able to bring about 
some reduction in these costs. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Nirav Sawai: 
Okay. And lastly on the contract logistics side, now, we are almost at 95% kind of utilization. 
So, what kind of growth do we see in this business and even if it's on a YoY basis, there has 
been a decline in revenue. So, how do we see this business for the next two to three years kind 
of a timeframe? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, in this business, the YoY decline that you see in revenue is only on account of a certain 
specific kind of business, which was not profitable. It was more like a pass-through business 
being done with a certain client which we have cut off and which is why if you would notice the 
EBITDA has gone up by almost 15%, the gross profit has gone up by almost 25% year on year. 
So, from a revenue standpoint is not an indicator. The business continues to remain strong and 
which is what has allowed us to grow 25% on gross profit year on year and then in EBITDA as 
well. We are continuing to invest in people and in this business, it's not like a fixed capacity. So, 
the capacity is very flexible. We keep on taking new warehouses on lease and we continue to 
operate them. Sometimes we take them ahead of demand, which is we always maintain certain 
white space, which is what you see about 5% to 6% and in some cases these are built to suit. So, 
if say a particular customer has a specific requirement, we would take a particular warehouse on 
lease and built it to the customer's requirement. So, capacity is not a constraint in that sense. We 
continue to develop new warehouses as an operator and take on more capacity to service more 
and more customers. 
Nirav Sawai: 
Okay. And the guidance on the Express business of 3000 crores kind of revenue by FY26, is it 
purely organic or would also involve any acquisitions? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I would refrain getting into the details of Gati business, since you know it's also separately 
listed and therefore for the benefit of Gati shareholders, we tend to respond to most Gati 
questions in Gati’s earnings call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. My first question is in regards with the debt levels. 
So, is this post our acquisition of the contract logistics business? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Sorry, if I understood correctly, you're asking about the debt?  
Deepal Shah: 
Yes, it is. I think what she's asking is that is this debt level is post the acquisition of contract 
logistics. That's correct. Since the contract logistics was acquired through internal accruals, so 
this current debt is post-acquisition of contract logistics and the acquisition of Kintetsu’s stake 
in the subsidiary. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. In terms of while we talk about contract logistics, you said that capacity utilization has 
not been a constraint. However, we're seeing increasing competition in that space. What is your 
outlook there and what kind of margins do we see in this business to sustain? 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, in this business, you know like I was mentioning earlier as well, this is a business in which 
we have seen robust performance and good growth over the years and in the chemical contract 
logistics, we are the market leaders in the country, but in the e-commerce we have started only 
in the last few years and done well. We entered into the auto segment and we have done well. 
There are many other sectors also for us to explore. So, from our point of view, we are at a 
optimal scale and size to, you know leverage benefit, but at the same time we have significant 
headroom for growth. So, growth is not limited by competition and we are able to find enough 
opportunities in the market where we are able to provide the right solutions and the right price. 
Customers are willing to engage into contracts and so from that standpoint and capacity is more 
like, the number and capacity is basically how much of the warehouse is utilized and typically 
will always maintain 5% to 7% white space for an optimal you know capacity forecasting and 
based on which warehouses are taken on lease. So, that's a part of the business and we have been 
facing almost a similar set of competitors over the years and the business has performed well 
and we estimate it to continue to do well. 
Riya Mehta: 
And in terms of margin for the business? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
In terms of the margins, I would say on a percentage terms, as we grow the percentage margin 
could be slightly lower because historically this business was you know, at one point in time 
almost 90% chemical contract logistics, which has been growing. But it has been coming down 
because the other businesses are growing much faster because they were starting from zero. Now 
chemical contract logistics is highly specialized and therefore is higher margin. So, you see this 
as the combination of contact logistics for chemical clients and other clients. Chemical logistics 
is also growing well, which is higher margin, but as the other businesses grow more percentage 
margins should see a downward trend, but overall margin should continue to improve. 
Riya Mehta: 
What was your sectoral break up for the current quarter? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, we have shared the sectoral breakup in the presentation as well, approximately 35% to 
40% revenue comes from chemicals, food and pharma, about the same numbers slightly lower 
from e-commerce and about 18% -20% comes from auto and industrial. 
Riya Mehta: 
No, I was talking about earlier what was the trend so as to get what kind of direction? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I said, we started off as a chemical contract logistics. The other businesses have been 
incubated over the last few years. So, at one point in time it was almost 80% - 90%. 
Riya Mehta: 
That was around which year if I could just have a sense? 
Deepal Shah: 
2016 we started in 2016 as a JV for the chemical. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And in terms of LCL, where I think it's a higher margin business for us, are we seeing 
we've acquired a lot of companies lately and last year around, so we've increased the market 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
share. So, what kind of outlook do you view on the LCL basis say a year from now, despite 
macroeconomic scenario being weak on current level? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, in the LCL business, we have acquired one company in the last 18 months or so. Prior 
to that, we had acquired Nordicon, which was in the year 2021. And what we have done is a 
follow-on transaction in that we already own 65% and we have acquired an additional 25% 
recently. So, that's the same Company. It's not a new business. It was already part of the business. 
The new Company, which we have acquired this year, was in the month of January, which is a 
Company called FairTrade in Germany. For this business, we have seen volume contribution. 
However, the business is still not contributing on the bottom line. So, there's been some marginal 
volume contribution which we have highlighted to the degree of about 1% - 1.5%. On the margin 
side, we anticipate that the business will take some more time before it can start turning positive 
on profits, considering that it was, you know, a competing network that we acquired. So, it had 
to incur loss of certain business immediately while the network synergies would only kick in 
over a period of time. So, we estimate that business to move from marginal losses. These are not 
significant losses to break even over the next three to four months. And the overall scheme of 
things impact of about 1.5% or so on volume, almost no impact on bottom line. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it and in terms of our trade lanes like you said, UK and US form or the losses on EBITDA 
would form almost 50% would come from UK and US trade lines. Could you guide us What are 
the trade lanes which would impact us more than 10%? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, let me also clarify, I did not say UK and US, I said Europe and Americas when we say 
Americas, it includes US, Canada and Central America, which is Mexico and Latin American 
countries such as Peru, Chile, Argentina, Brazil, etc. On the European, we're talking about 
everything from Scandinavia, which is Denmark, Norway to Poland on the East UK, Belgium, 
Germany in the north, Spain, France, Italy. I'm talking about the whole of Europe and Americas. 
Which is what I referred to. Overall, we have 2500 trade lanes that we operate and there is no 
single trade lane which accounts for 10% of the business. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay. And India would form what part of our trade lane, which includes India and counterpart? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
India itself would have multiple trade lanes across the world. But India as a country would say 
roughly be about 10% - 12% of the business. 
Riya Mehta: 
10% to 12%. And in terms of sectorial breakup in terms of kind of volumes in the LCL business, 
what kind of sector would contribute the largest? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we are almost sector agnostic in this. This is truly representative of global trade. Therefore, 
there's no sectoral dependence per say, but naturally LCL business caters to generally, you know 
cargo which is in smaller size. It doesn't go in like multiple full container loads. So, typically 
these are mostly small and medium businesses, some degree of e-commerce back-end supplies 
or certain businesses you know ranging from furniture to textiles. Consumer electronics is almost 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
quite varied, but you could say there will be general bias towards smaller businesses. You would 
find more share of LCL among these smaller businesses as compared to say if you're looking at 
large Walmart contracts, they would mostly be skewed towards FCL. But in terms of the 
sectoral, there's no specific sectoral spread per say. 
Riya Mehta: 
Lately we've been seeing the comeback of textile and all those companies, so just getting a sense 
there, how much would textile form as percentage of total? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, like, you know that will be relevant to say, India and India is 10% and perhaps maybe 
textile could be again certain percentage of that 10%. And as such we have been noticing that 
since the Indian economy has been doing well. And except for the recent months wherein you 
would have certainly taken note of India's exports also declining significantly driven by lack of 
demand in the western economies, but otherwise still on a comparative basis, whether we 
compare to other manufacturing countries such as China, India has sustained the performance 
much better. And we believe that India should lead the curve in terms of growth as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Uday Prakash from Value Research India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Uday Prakash: 
I just have a few questions from my side. Since our launch of ECU360 in 2018 at that time, it 
has grown significantly over the years. They have added more and more features. Can you let 
me know, how much revenue do we derive from ECU360 as a percentage of total revenue 
compared with let's say two to three years ago.? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, I can share with you that when it comes to export bookings, which is a good indicator 
of revenue being booked by the Company on a global basis in 2000 or, say pre pandemic 2019, 
there was a single digit number about 7 to 8% of the bookings which were happening digitally. 
Today, with the launch of platform capabilities, we have almost as of today would be somewhere 
in the range of 66% to 67% of the global export bookings happen digitally, which could be either 
somebody logging into ECU360 or even directly an API or EDI interchange between our 
systems and the client. Sometimes they are directly connected to ECU360 by way of an API, so 
they don't even need to log in to ECU360 they can operate in their own ecosystem while being, 
you know, supported by ECU360 in the back end. So, digital bookings are moved from about 
7% - 8% to about 67% on the global exports. 
Uday Prakash: 
Okay, sir. My second question is on contact logistics now. Since we are the leader in chemical 
contract logistics and we have developed a certain expertise in that area and we have now entered 
into auto also. Do we already have or do we plan to have any long-term contracts with bigger 
companies so that we are the ones who handle their goods constantly. Is there something like 
that or we do it on a contract-to-contract basis only for any Company that comes first? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so that is the advantage in contract logistics business. That is not a transactional business. 
So, unlike an express logistics business where customer is booking one shipment from origin to 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
destination or even in international supply chain where somebody is booking 1 cubic meter or 
one container of cargo, contract logistics business by nature is usually more longer-term 
contracts which could you know vary from 12-month contracts to some of them could be 5 year 
contracts as well. These are typically long-term contracts awarded by the companies for 
managing their entire inventory in that warehouse. So, these are by nature not transactional, but 
long-term contracts.  
Uday Prakash: 
Okay. Adding a major Company to our client portfolio would be kind of a breakthrough for this 
entire segment itself. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Almost all the key companies, I would say majority of you know. So, if you look at the chemical 
segment, almost all the top companies operate with us. In the other segments that we are getting 
in e-commerce, almost all the top companies operate with us. So, in the segments that we operate 
in, almost all the key top companies already work with us, so we have demonstrated our 
performance and which is why most of them are also repeat customers signing multiple contracts 
across different locations. 
Uday Prakash: 
And so, can the same can be done for LCL business also? I mean LCL is kind of like big player 
logistics business only in the shipping. So, can we develop a partnership with particular set of 
set of companies that are focused on exports and cater to them. Would that reduce the volatility 
in volumes that we face from time to time due to slowdown and all or do we already have that 
in place? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, you know, let me explain. When we see a slowdown, that slowdown would happen at all 
levels. So, you know, shippers will see their volumes going up and down in terms of volatility. 
So, that volatility would still remain for a Company where we position ourselves as we operate 
as a non-vessel owning common carrier. What that means in easy terms is like you know, Uber 
of shipping. So, we operate like a shipping line which doesn't own ships and which is where we 
are able to, you know operate in asset light manner. But we are mostly working with forwarders 
as our customers. These forwarders could be large forwarders such as DHL, Kuehne Nagel. 
These forwarders could be smaller forwarders and these are generally long-term relationships, 
but these are not long-term contracts. In contract logistics, contractually the business is filed for 
a long term in this case, while the business is transactional, customers are booking one shipment 
at a time, but if you look at the relationship that goes back long. So, if you look at our relationship 
on the vendor side, which is shipping lines, we have been working with almost all the top 
shipping lines for 20-30 years. If you look at our top customers, almost all the customer 
relationships also go back several decades. So, these are good strong relationships built over a 
long period of time. But at the same time, the business is transactional, it is very similar to 
express logistics wherein auto Company or a textile Company would be making bookings for a 
particular transaction, but they would tend to operate with two or three players who they trust 
most for service and pricing. And therefore, there's a long-term relationship. That's a similar 
situation in LCL also. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Uday Prakash: 
And if my understanding is correct for big player, let's say a player that is exporting in thousands 
and thousands crores, they would rather partnership with the shipper directly. I assume rather 
than an intermediary like us, which is usually preferred by somewhat medium to smaller sized 
players. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, see, it is typically very clear if. There is someone who wants to ship 500 containers or 1,500 
containers every week from Shanghai to Los Angeles. They would not need an intermediary. 
They would reach out to the shipping lines directly and run a tender. If somebody is operating 5 
cubic meters of cargo, shipping line would not be able to accept it, they would need the full 
container. While shipping line do operate LCL they've not been able to gain much market share. 
So, they would need a consolidator such as ourselves because we have built this network over a 
period of time. And as you can see from our own financial performance, even a 3% to 4% impact 
on utilization can you know have a huge impact. It's almost like, you know, in some sense high 
utilization business. Therefore, replicating this network is almost impossible. And which is why 
you don't find new competition coming in. The market has been seeing consolidation within the 
existing players on a global basis. So, the capability would be not about getting large contracts 
business by nature it is about working with multiple forwarders. So, for an example more than 
20,000 forwarders log into ECU360 who work with us on the platform. So, that's the kind of 
scale we are operating at with more than 2,500 trade lanes tight now. So, that's the kind of 
competitive advantages compared to one large contract or one big relationship. 
Uday Prakash: 
Okay, sir. Now the disadvantage that we have is that FCL is a very prosperous business. But 
since we are at a very nascent stage and the disadvantage it has over here is that LCL in the 
nature of the business itself, the direct cost pass through. But here the container utilization is not 
up to the mark. Then you would have to bear that cost. If I'm not wrong. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
You know, so LCL is where you know we fill the container and therefore the container utilization 
has a role to play in FCL, it is a full container which is booked. So, container whether it is half 
filled or fully filled does not make an impact. But what happens is unlike LCL, which is so much 
of value addition, you know customer only has 5 cubic meter. 1 cubic meter of cargo it is our 
team which will you know integrate and consolidate all the cargo in a warehouse, take them into 
one container, do multiple transshipments if required, there’ll be deconsolidation at the 
warehouse. So, it's a much more complex operation and, therefore due to high value addition, it 
is usually a higher margin business. FCL business is more transactional in nature and therefore 
when the freight rates come down, the FCL business would see you know the margins also come 
down. So, that's where FCL business is more transactional while LCL business is more complex 
with greater value added from our side and hence more profitable also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Malhotra from Tata Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Hi Ravi, this is Kapil. So,  just wanted to understand what is the utilization level in LCL business 
this quarter? 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, if you look at the LCL utilization, it is currently at an indexed level of about 92, which 
means that if you are at 100 in July’22 in June’23, we are at about 92% of that. 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Okay. So, what I'm trying to understand is because obviously our EBITDA/TEU, the 
profitability has been volatile and you know what we have discussed is, you know post COVID 
we have had a lot of technological advancements due to which we will be able to maintain 
margins. But what I see is the margins have obviously dipped. I do understand it has a lot to do 
with the utilization that is why it was my first question. But do we have any ballpark number in 
which we say that this looks like a sustainable EBITDA margin per TEU and this is the minimum 
utilization we need to achieve that sustainable margin, because for me getting difficult to 
essentially go out. What will be the accurate number of the margin? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I would say that you know there are three or four factors which contribute to the margin. 
One, like you rightly said is utilization. 2nd is how many 40 feet containers we are using and 
both of these are somewhat linked with volume because if we have more volume on trade lane 
we are able to move more 40 feet containers and we are also able to utilize the containers better. 
So, these are, you know, more operational parameters and then also about how many containers 
are we able to move directly versus transshipment and what kind of value addition we are 
providing in terms of, you know, not just offering port to port but door to door. So, these are all 
the factors which contribute. In terms of, you know, sustainable numbers, I would say very 
clearly what we have seen in this quarter -April, May, June appears to be like, you know, the 
boat hitting the rock on the river bed, since all the costs have already been factored in, the volume 
expansion has not happened because of macroeconomic environment and the competitive 
intensity also means pressure on pricing. So, all these factors are at play. So, I would say that 
while we would need perhaps another few, maybe 6 to 9 months to arrive at a sustainable 
number, but we should only be looking at you know improving from here on. 
Kapil Malhotra: 
Okay.. As you said the index is at 92 versus 100 last year. What ideally should be the right index 
where we can make at least a decent? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, I would say that no, we should definitely return to 95% - 96% as compared to 92 that 
we have today that would be the broad estimate and as you can see that 3% - 4% increase should 
translate to better yields and therefore better profitability. That is the approach with which you 
know we are internally planning as well in terms of how can we take that to 95-96 and that means 
that requires volumes to come in and which is where we've been trying to focus more on the 
market share expansion and getting volumes. It would also be somewhat linked to the recovery 
in long haul trade lanes, because that is where the maximum profitability impact is, which is, 
you know, Europe to LATAM, China - Europe, China - America, etc or India - Europe, India - 
America. So, that's where the focus has been on how we can expand these trade lanes. So, 
business initiatives are more focused on these countries. These trade lanes, you know, getting 
deeper into China to expand market share, trying to build better capabilities in Latin America. 
We've been hiring teams in Brazil and a few other countries trying to further strengthen our base 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
in Eastern Europe. So, we've been working on various strategic initiatives which can help us, 
grow volumes on these long-haul profitable trade lanes and those volumes should help us also 
operate trade lanes with optimal utilization which like I said, the target internally would be to go 
back to at least 95-96 over the next six to nine months. 
Kapil Malhotra: 
But lastly, on the similar line, are we able to quantify the cost savings we have been able to do 
that to the technological advancements we have done in the last 2-3 years. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we have, you know, some internal estimates which we have on the technology impact. These 
the dollar impact is largely measured through increased customer stickiness. So, we are trying 
to see patterns and it is clearly evident that the non ECU360 customers have lower repeat values 
as compared to ECU360 customers for an example. We've also seen that the door booking 
percentage is clearly higher in customers for using ECU360 and the longer they have been on 
ECU 360. We also find the door component to be higher, so all these trends indicate that the 
customers are booking more often and more services, which means higher volumes and higher 
yields. That's one example. On the data science projects, we are seeing impact in terms on the 
cost side. So, these are some of the things that we have seen wherein we also feel that and it's 
not just the impact in terms of ease of doing business, but there is also a dollar impact on top 
line in international supply chain business in particular and on the cost side and the domestic 
express business in particular. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to paucity of time that was the last question. I will now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sailesh Raja for closing remarks. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes. Thank you. On behalf of B&K, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may disconnect now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of on behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
