                         BIKAJI FOODS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
F 196-199, F 178 & E 188, Bichhwal Industrial Area, Bikaner, Rajasthan, India – 334006 
 T: +91-151-2250350 | F: +91-151-2251814 | E: cs@bikaji.com | W: www.bikaji.com    
CIN: L15499RJ1995PLC010856 | GST No.: 08AAICS1030P1Z5 
 
 
Corporate Office: Plot No. E - 558 - 561, C - 569 - 572, E - 573 - 577, F - 585 - 592, Karni Extension, RIICO Industrial Area, Bikaner, Rajasthan - India - 334004 
T: 0151-2259914 | F: +91-151-225 1814 / 1964 
 
Ref: BFIL/SEC/2023-24/34 
                  Date: May 31, 2023 
 
 
To 
 
Dept of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 (Maharashtra) 
Scrip Code: 543653 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 (Maharashtra) 
Trading Symbol: BIKAJI 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2023  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
We hereby inform you that in continuation to our letter bearing Ref. No. BFIL/SEC/2023-24/13 dated May 
17, 2023 and pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Point 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“the Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to time, an Earnings Conference Call with the Investors 
and Analysts for the quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2023 was conducted on Wednesday, May 
24, 2023. Please find attached the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call. 
 
In compliance with the Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call will also be available on the website of the Company and the same can be accessed at www.bikaji.com 
 
You are kindly requested to take the same on record.  
 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Bikaji Foods International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rahul Joshi 
Head - Legal and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: ACS 33135 
 
Encl: a/a 
RAHUL 
JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL JOSHI 
Date: 2023.05.31 
13:02:30 +05'30'

1 
 
 
“Bikaji Foods International Limited Q4 FY23 and FY23 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript” 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RISHABH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. MANOJ VERMA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. BHUPENDER SINGH SOHAL – SALES HEAD, VICE 
PRESIDENT SALES  
 
  
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIJAY GYANCHANDANI- LEAD ANALYST 
 
S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bikaji Foods International Limited Q4 FY 
‘23 Earnings Conference Call hosted by S-Ancial Technologies Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Gyanchandani from S-Ancial Technologies Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Vijay Gyanchandani: 
Thank you. Welcome to Bikaji Foods International Limited Q4 FY ’23 Earning Conference Call. 
From the management, we have Mr. Deepak Agarwal, Managing Director; Mr. Rishabh Jain, 
CFO, and Mr. Manoj Verma, COO. 
Now I request the management to take us through the key opening remarks and after that, we 
can open the floor for the Q&A session. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Thank you, Vijay. So, Mr. Deepak is not there, I am Rishabh. Thank you to all the analysts and 
all the shareholders who joined the call. We are presenting the Q4 and  full-year review of Bikaji 
Foods International Ltd. I have with me Mr. Manoj Verma, who is the Chief Operating Officer 
and along with Bhupender Singh Sohal, who is the Sales Head, VP of Sales. 
Last FY ‘23 has been a historical year for Bikaji Foods. We have done multiple single input 
metrics, be it the right procurement, be it right quality, multiple plants at different locations, and 
investment in people and output has been very satisfactory to us. So, last year, in FY ‘23 we 
have grown at close to 22% over FY ‘22. Our revenue from operations is close to INR 1,966 
crores. Our EBITDA is close to INR 214 crores. That is 53% growth over last year. Our PAT is 
close to 66.5% growth over last year. We have closed at INR 126 crores PAT over the last year. 
Our gross margin, when we started the year FY ‘23, in the first quarter, we saw a huge 
inflationary pressure across all key raw materials, be it edible oil or multiple pulses, crude, diesel, 
all the including inward factor. But the first quarter was tough for us. In the first quarter, we 
have done an EBITDA of close to 7.3%, and the gross margin was close to 24%. 
However, when we completed the year, our full-year gross margin is 29%. So, we did multiple 
things at the gross margin level and we will explain in detail what we have done. Our EBITDA 
margin is 10.86%, which is close to 220 basis points higher than last year. So, in quarter 4, our 
revenue from operations grew by around 16%. Our EBITDA is close to INR 62 crores and has 
grown by 52%. Our gross margin is at its highest, it is around 34%. And our EBITDA is around 
13.4%. 
FY ‘23 has been a milestone year for us. There are multiple events which have happened in the 
last year. We got listed in BSE and NSE in November 2022. We added three plants, one in 
Kanpur, one in Muzaffarpur, and one in Bikaner in the name of Hanuman plant. We also got 
approval from government for PLI subsidy scheme of INR 261 crores, which we will get over 
the next 6 years. And we got the first tranche of close to INR 20 crores in March 2022-23. We 

 
 
 
 
3 
expanded our regional sales office in South India. That's the first time we have taken our offices 
outside Bikaner. 
We also strengthened the management across all key functions, be it supply chain, be it quality, 
or production. Across key positions, we have filled the positions to strengthen our bench. Shiv 
Ratan Agarwal, who is the founder of the company, started the brand in 1993. He is a pioneer 
with an experience of more than three decades working in the snacks industry. He is the 
Chairman of the company. We have a very strong board with Shiv Ratan Agarwal, Deepak 
Agarwal, and Shweta Agarwal. All three are the promoters and founders of the company, giving 
a lot of experience to the company. In strengthening the quality, procurement, and product 
quality across every field. 
Mr. Sachin Kumar Bhartiya, who is a Non-Executive Director and Nominee Director. He is a 
partner in Lighthouse Fund. Mr. Siraj Chaudhry is an Independent Director. He has a great 
experience in the FMCG industry, and Agri-industry. Earlier, he was the Chairman of Cargill 
India. Mr. Pulkit Bachhawat, is an Independent Director and is a CA, CFA. He has a great 
experience in finance background. 
Mr. Vipul Prakash is currently the CEO of MakeMyTrip India. He has 20-plus years of 
experience in PepsiCo India. Mr. Nikhil Vora runs the Sixth Sense Ventures Fund. We are 
supported by very strong professional management. Starting with Mr. Manoj Verma, who is the 
COO of the company. Recently, Mr. Mahavir Jain joined the company, he is the CBO of the 
company. 
Mr. Mukesh Sharma, he is the Head of the Supply Chain. He has a great experience in Britannia 
and Tata. Mr. Ram Sinha is the President of Sales, looking after the Modern Trade. He has a 
great experience in Reliance Retail for more than 16 years. 
Ms. Neha Rao, she joined us as VP of Marketing last year. Mr. Bhupender Singh Sohal, he is 
with us for more than 9 years, heading our sales. Mr. Rahul Joshi, he is the Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer. Mr. Shambhu Dayal Gupta, he is the President of Finance and 
Corporate Affairs. He has joined the company for more than 30 years. 
Now, I will hand it over to Mr. Manoj Verma, who will take you through a presentation. 
Manoj Verma: 
Thanks, Rishabh. So, gentlemen, just taking you through a few snapshots,  the highlights of the 
company I was going to speak about. So, Bikaji, in terms of market leadership, we enjoy the 
third largest position in ethnic snacks space in the country. We are the largest manufacturer of 
Bikaneri Bhujiya, producing about 36,000 tons annually. 
We are the second largest manufacturer of handmade papad in the country. In terms of our 
distribution and capacity, we as a company, we have a reach of 9.5 lakh outlets across the 
country. We have exports covering around 25 countries around the globe. 
We have now the manufacturing capacity, installed capacity of almost 270,000 metric tons, and 
this is across country in various locations. In terms of our organization and its performance, so 
our five year revenue CAGR, value CAGR is 21.6% and volume is 13%. 

 
 
 
 
4 
Talking about company strength, we have a diversified portfolio of over 300 products. We enjoy 
market leadership position in the family pack. So, 59% of our business comes from our family 
pack, which speaks about the strength of the brand. 
Talking about product category we are into broadly six categories. First and foremost is about 
Bhujiya, followed by Namkeen, third is Package Sweets, fourth is Papad, fifth is Western 
Snacks, and the sixth is others, wherein it is about frozen, it's about maida items, and the gift 
products and all. 
So, these are the three. We have launched a few products very recently to cater to or to address 
the need and opportunity in the premium category and also the health space. So, this is about 
multi-grain Bhujiya, which is about Jowar mix, so the roasted product. We also launched a few 
products in the mass category, which are Churmur, Sev Murmura, Classic chips, and so on and 
so forth. Also, to cater to the international opportunities of our exports, we have very recently 
launched Packaged Thali and Frozen Thali. 
There are certain products and packs which we have launched and relaunched. So, the one I'm 
talking about is in a can kind of stuff, so this is about premiumization and increasing the gross 
margin on certain products, which already exist, but this is about some change in packaging as 
well, besides new products launching. 
Talking about product categories that we look at, so revenue sales, so CAGR for last five years 
is 22%. If I talk about ethnic snacks, five years CAGR growth is 21%, Packaged Sweets has 
grown at 21% for the last five years’ CAGR, Papad has grown at 15%, Western Snacks has 
delivered a growth of 42% and the others category has delivered a 14% growth over the last five 
years. 
Product mix, we were to look at, as of ‘22, 35% of our business used to come from mix Bhujia 
and 35.6% was from Namkeen. Package Sweets was 12.7%, Papad was 6.7%, Western Snacks 
was 5.7% and all others was 4.3%. Whereas if we look at in year ‘23, there is a shift and what 
has happened is that, Namkeen has gained a share of the business, by virtue of its high growth 
that it has delivered. 
In last year's share of the business is, Namkeen contributes 36.1%, which is the highest, followed 
by Bhujia which is 33.4%, then is Sweet 12.1%, then is Papad, which is at 6.2%. Western Snacks 
has gained substantial share of business of 8.2% and the others is 3.9% in share of the business. 
As we have been talking in the past about that, we look our business in three parts, which is core, 
focus and others. So if I was to talk on the growth, so core states over the last five years has 
delivered a CAGR growth of 21%, focus states has delivered a CAGR growth of 22%, other 
states has 33% and exports has a CAGR growth of 15%. If we look Bikaji business by zone, so 
East zone has grown at 24%, over last five years, North has delivered a CAGR growth of 20%, 
over last five years, South you know, is our very recent entry, has delivered a growth of 68% 
and West has delivered a CAGR growth of 16%. 
Talking about our SKU mix, so as of ‘22, our family packs were contributing to 60.6%, whereas 
as of last year, so FY ‘23, the contribution of the family pack has come down to 58.9% and in 

 
 
 
 
5 
fact this is what, we have projected and this is by virtue of gaining a high share of business in 
the western snack, which is primarily about INR5 and INR10 pack. 
Talking about our manufacturing facilities and capacity, I would request Rishabh to speak. 
Rishabh jain: 
So in the current fiscal in ‘23, we have added three new plants in Kanpur, Muzaffarpur, and 
Bikaner, that is in the name of Hanuman. All three plants have a capacity for Western snacks 
and Namkeen. So we have a total capacity of close to 2.7 lakh metric tons. In FY ‘24, we will 
also be adding three more capacities. One in Bikaner, that's in the category of frozen, will start 
in the next three months to four months. The other one is our Patna CMU, which will start by 
the end of this month, maybe June 1st  or  2nd week. And the last one is Raipur. 
So Raipur we started a CMU and we have a tie-up with the CMU contractor and that will start 
by the end of this financial year. So these three will further add capacity to our total capacity. 
We also got first tranche of PLI and we committed close to INR 440 crores we will complete all 
the capex by the end of this financial year, to complete all the obligations. 
Manoj Verma: 
Yes, so talking about our Pan India distribution. So the point to note here is that, in the last year, 
Bikaji has gained or increased its reach by 100,000 outlets. So as of the end of ‘21, our reach 
was 8.53 lakh outlets, which has now come to 9.52 lakh outlets. That's the major leap, which we 
as a company have taken. We have also expanded our distributor or channel partner base over 
the years. Talking about marketing initiatives, so we spent close to 2% last year, which is, what 
was committed. 
Our presence across communication vehicles for ATL, be it television, be it radio, be it other 
TV channels, and social media. So a few of the brand collaborations, what we did was, tie-up 
with PVR for certain campaigns, we tied up with ATMs. For international marketing, we were 
present on television across the US, Canada, the UK, other European countries, Australia, and 
New Zealand. So that's what has been our presence.  
We actively participated in international exhibitions to support our export such as sales in Paris, 
which happened in a way recently. Then, for example, very recently there was a Sonu Nigam 
Night, which happened in the UK, that was sponsored by Bikaji, and a lot of sampling activities, 
which was done. Then some certain ground activations at Sharjah, this is to support, Middle East 
sales. 
Coming on to a new brand campaign, so Amitabh Bachchan continues to be our brand 
ambassador, who is there till Diwali, this year. By end of this quarter, we would be closing down 
the extension office or whatever next is to be done. We also plan to shoot a few new brand 
campaigns this year. That's what we will do. And what we have on cast is the festival campaign 
because that is the next two quarters for us as an organization and opportunity both are very 
large. That's what the marketing team is working on. 
Coming to the strategic initiatives to further consolidate our leadership position, in our core 
states. What we have done is that new manufacturing facilities, which now have all been 
commissioned, firing well and have been immense support last year to deliver the numbers and 
in fact, over deliver our budgeted numbers for all three states. Then was about premiumization 

 
 
 
 
6 
and upgrading, what we identified for ourselves was that, the set of issues, which were higher 
on the gross market. So our sales team is continuously and consciously working to improve the 
mix, so as to help increase the bottom line as well. 
There's been a certain rollout of special programs, which our sales team has done. So this is 
about top-end stores engagement programs. Certain wholesale and distributor channel partner 
programs. That's what were rolled out in these core states. Specific shopper marketing activities 
were to increase off-take and drive a few range and portfolios in the store. And last but not least 
is about sales automation tools, which is what is being delivered in these core states. 
Now talking about to address focus states and other markets. So what we're doing in focus states 
is, expanding our distributor base distribution. Second is about focusing on categories beyond 
top selling products. So earlier, it used to be a couple of categories, where the focus used to be 
and Bikaji was known for. Now we are trying to make this and that's been our effort, for all this 
time to increase that stuff. Develop products to cater local tastes. So this is, you see certain 
products, which are most specific to the market. 
Similarly for southern markets, the South Indian products. That's what we've done. We continue 
to leverage modern trade channels by virtue of our strong relations with all national chains. So 
in all these focus states, we enjoy a disproportionate market share in the modern trade channels 
by virtue of our JVPs, what we have with these accounts for Pan India. The last is about the sales 
teams or the feet on the ground. So we strengthen our teams there. Talking about other markets, 
what we're doing is that one, we are expanding our super stockist network there. That's what 
helps us reach, increase reach and coverage to the down-top data. We continue to spend behind 
ATL activities. 
Manoj Verma: 
So continued investment behind the ATL activation. So, that's what generates brand awareness. 
Leveraging e-com B2B channel, to these channels helps us and the cost-to-serve model becomes 
much more economical. Then if talking about leveraging technology. So technologies there 
across platforms, starting from our depots, which is, ASRS then is DMS, then is SFA and, at our 
production, on the factory as well. Now coming on to our financials, Rishabh will clear. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Thank you. So revenue from operation has grown by 22% over the last four years or five years. 
At our, all the states, be it core or focus, all have grown at least 20%. But gross margin is around 
29% FY ‘23, which was close to 27.4% FY ‘22. So we have done multiple things in keeping a 
gross margin to a higher level. Be it right sourcing, we do premiumization of new products, like 
I'll give you example. So over the focus product, which is with a high on gross margin. So last 
year, it was close to 11% - 11.2%. We've taken this to 12%. So that's it. That helps us improve 
gross margin by around 0.5%. 
We also improved our purchase, be it long-term contract or be it right sourcing through right 
partner and that has helped us in improving the gross margin. Our EBITDA has grown to close 
to 11%. From ROE, ROCE perspective, so our ROCE is around 15%, which was close to 13.9% 
last year. And our ROE has improved to 10.5%. Our working capital, which includes debtors, 
creditors, and inventory is close to 19 days. Our asset turnover ratio is close to 3.3. So we 
completed our capex cycle. 

 
 
 
 
7 
 
So how we'll improve our ROE and ROCE and ultimately net asset turnover ratio? So by FY 
‘24, we'll complete our capex cycle that, will give a capacity of close to INR 4,500 crores plus. 
Post FY ‘23 and ‘24, we will not have to do a major capex. And further FY ‘24, capex will be 
sufficient to fund the next two years-three years of growth. So that's ho we'll improve our asset 
turnover ratio to 3.32 plus 4. And that will also improve our ROE, ROCE in the coming years. 
If you look at FY ‘23, so our revenue from operations has grown by 22%. We have closed 
turnover of around INR 1,966 crores. Our ethnic snacks business has grown plus 20%. Our 
packaged food business has grown at plus 17%. And our western snacks, where we have set up 
most of the capacity across many states, have grown at plus around 80%. 
 
Papad category, which is highly unorganized, we've grown by close to 16%. So in FY ‘23, our 
value growth is close to 22%, whereas our volume growth is plus 15%. When you look at Q4 
FY ‘23, our revenue from operations has grown at close to 15.5%. Our ethnic snacks business 
has grown by close to 15%. So, in Q4, we started with January, which was a very dull month 
for, all the food brands. Jan and Feb was a little dull for us, but from March, we've seen good 
uptakes in demand in rural and urban states. So, our ethnic snacks business has grown at close 
to 15%, Packaged food is close to 14%, Western snacks are in good demand of close to 41%, 
and Papad has grown at close to 8.3%. So that's the overall category-wise growth, we've done in 
the last quarter. In revenue from an operations perspective, we've grown at close to INR 462 
crores of turnover versus INR 400 crores in FY ‘22 last quarter. 
Our gross margin has improved substantially. Whereas last year last quarter, we've done close 
to 29% gross margin versus this year. There was a 5% margin improvement, and we closed at 
close to 34%. And compared to December first quarter, our gross margin has improved by close 
to 4%. That has resulted in our PAT margin of close to 8.28% in the last quarter versus 6% in 
the corresponding year last quarter. 
Over the year, we've closed at close to a 6.5% PAT margin, and we closed at INR 127 crores of 
PAT. Our revenue from operations has grown at close to 16% over the last quarter and 22% 
year-on-year. EBITDA has grown at close to 52% over the last quarter and end year also. And 
our PAT margin has grown at 57% over the last quarter. And we closed a PAT of INR 38.3 
crores in FY ‘23 last quarter. 
We've seen a softening of raw material prices and packing material prices in FY ‘23, resulting 
in an improvement of gross margin by 168 business points, when we see a full year. EBITDA 
margin is also supported by many efficiencies and many measures have been taken at all the cost 
rate, including purchase, efficiency, including a focus on high EBITDA items. And we are there, 
trying to improve at all levels, all cost rate levels. Our edible oil, when we started in FY ‘21, 
when we see raw material prices, edible oil, which was around 1. So currently also it's up close 
to 1.4 compared to last three years. 
But yes, when we see it's, we've seen very up-streak in the first quarter of this year, currently, 
it's around, it's reduced to close to 30% from its peak. Also, pulses and floors, laminate, 
corrugated box, all has been, all is supported in last quarter. We got a PLI scheme from the 
government, where we are committed to close to INR 440 crores of investment. We got the time 
in FY ‘24 to complete all the capex and investment plan. We have got close to INR 261 crores 

 
 
 
 
8 
in category one and close to INR23 crores in category two. Category three, which is mainly any 
ad expense, which we do outside India and the international market. 
We'll get reimbursement of the same. So we realized close to INR19.84 crores, which was the 
first tranche of ‘21-‘22 in March 2023. We are not recognized yet in our books of accounts in 
our P&L. There are some capex conditions, which are yet to fulfilled and we'll complete the 
capex condition by end of this calendar year mostly. And in FY ‘24, we will most likely take 
our PLI benefits in our books of accounts, in other operating income. From outlook perspective 
in FY ‘24, we are targeted to improve gross margin of 0.5% on account of improved purchase 
planning.  
We are also setting up a plant in Bihar. So the plant in Bihar will start next month and that will 
shift some Namkeen and Namkeen categories to that plant. That will also improve logistic cost 
because currently, we are sending goods from Bikaner to Bihar, which is close to 600 kms far. 
So that will help in improving logistic cost. 
We are also planning to transform our power consumption to green and sustainable energy. And 
we are targeting 30% of our total power consumption to shift to green and sustainable energy. 
We are also focusing on improving our high gross margin product. Currently, it's close to 13%. 
We are targeting to take this to 18% in next three years. From future readiness perspective, we 
are targeting to increase our reach to another 1.5 lakh outlets by end of this financial year. 
Last year, we added close to 1 lakh outlets. This year, we also targeted to add feet on the ground. 
So who are our eyes and ears, we will be in direct touch to, touch with all the retailers and 
retailers of Bikaji Foods. So we are also adding 500 feet on the ground. Amitabh Bachchan is 
our brand ambassador, so we are investing heavily in this campaign. We also gained a share in 
last four years. We got a good experience with having collaborated with him. And we are 
planning to further taking this contract to next two years. 
We are continuously investing in leadership and functional team, including all the senior 
management. And this year also, we are targeting the same. Data science is very important for 
us. We are working on data. And all the decisions should be backed by data. That’s what our 
approach is. So that's part of the presentation. We are open to any questions if you have. 
Manoj Verma: 
Gentlemen, the presentation is uploaded. What we spoke about is all now on the site. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have the first question from the line of Harsh Shah from InCred 
Capital Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Hi, Sir. Thanks for taking my question. When you spoke about the improvement of gross 
margins of 0.5%, is that on the basis of FY23 or on the basis of  Q4FY23? 
Management: 
FY23. 
Harsh Shah: 
But Sir, why are we so conservative in that outlook? Because we are planning to increase our 
share of high gross margin SKUs plus we will also have other benefits coming in. If we assume 

 
 
 
 
9 
that the edible oil environment remains stable, then why not plan the kind of margins which we 
have achieved in the fourth quarter? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So basically 0.5% of what we are told is the basis of improved purchase planning. Other than 
this, of course, we have planned to increase the gross margin above 0.5%. But I am speaking 
only about proper purchase planning and improving on high EBITDA products. That's 0.5%. 
But our target, like last year, we have closed a close 29% gross margin. And we always look at 
it on year-on-year basis, not quarter-on-quarter.  
Because last quarter the potato price was very low because December to March is a fresh crop. 
So, we always see 12 months’ overall average gross margin. So last year gross margin was close 
to 9%. We want to take this to around close to 150 basis points higher than last year. That's our 
target. When we look at the year. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, correct. Thanks for that. And then how should we look at the basic cost below the gross 
level? Let's see the other expenses part. I mean, you talked about benefits there as well from 
logistics as well. So, let's say if we are targeting a 150 basis points improvement in gross margin, 
should we target higher improvement at the EBITDA level? 
Rishabh Jain: 
See, basically we need to be we are working on all, at all the costs be it manufacturing cost like 
we are going at solar. Be it logistic cost when we shift a plant, we are building plants across all 
key locations. Suppose we are working at all fronts and we want to improve our EBITDA. And 
from each front basically, be it logistic cost, so we have to include 0.2, 0.3 basis points compared 
to last year. Be it manufacturing cost where we want to improve to around 0.3 basis points. 
So of course, we want to take, we want to have another 0.5% basis point improvement in our 
EBITDA from other cost side. Of course, but yes, what is happening? So, we have opened aa 
plant last one year and this year we will open a plant. So initially the cost of opening a plant and 
cost of running is very high because we will not be running at full capacity. We will be running 
in the starting period. So, at 35%-40% utilization, we will be at breakeven or we will start giving 
margins. So new plant will start giving benefit in next 2-3 years. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, so those benefits will come from FY25 onwards? 
Rishabh Jain: 
FY25, yes. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, on this PLI front, let's say these INR 260 crores which is the benefit that we will 
be getting. How, I mean, will it be equally dispersed over the 6 years or I mean how will the 
dispersion take place? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So basically, it's a ballooning payment. So normally, the Government has taken 2019-20 as the 
base year and so this is, and they have given us a 7.5% subsidy percentage on incremental sales 
which we do every year. So basically in 2022, we have done sales of close to INR 1,600 crores 
and the base was INR 1,100 crore. So, they have given in INR 20 crores. So, for the year 2023, 
we will get close to INR 32 crores rupees. So, it's ballooning, so this year we will get INR 32 
crores, then INR 45 crores, and then INR 60 crores. So that's the way ballooning payment is 
there. So, we will get in the next 6 years, we will get INR 261 crores. 

 
 
 
 
10 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, got it. And sir, just one thing, for FY23, what would be our split basically as the salience 
of sales coming from core states? It used to be in the range of 70%-72%, right, in FY22. So what 
is that percentage now in FY23? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So FY23, our core state is around 73%. 
Harsh Shah: 
So, it's similar as last year. So basically, the core state and focus state have grown at the same 
pace in FY23. Is that right? 
Management: 
Right. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravi Srivastava from Bay Capital India Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi Srivastava: 
Hi, Manoj and Rishabh. First of all, congratulations. Hope you guys are doing well. Couple of 
questions from my side. One is on the revenue, right? So, you guys grew at 22% for the full year. 
And as I understand, I think 15% volume growth. So just the remaining, if you can talk to us 
about how much was price increase and how much was mix change that drove the additional 
over and above volume growth? That would be the first question.  
And second question is that, I think Manoj just spoke about 11% was, high margin products and 
that has gone increased to 13% for this year. And you're planning to take that up to 18%. How 
does that impact overall margins if you have done some analysis on that? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes, thank you, Ravi. So basically, you see, we have grown at close to 22% overall revenue. But 
Ethnic Snacks & Package Sweets have grown by 21% each. Papad at 15%, Western Snacks at 
42%. So, volume growth was close to 15.3% compared to last year. But when you see last 
quarter, so we're going to close to 16%. But our volume growth is up 13%. That's the kind of 
volume growth we've seen in last quarter. Going forward next financial year, we are looking at 
more volume-driven growth rather than value-driven growth. 
Because in the last quarter, we have taken MRP cut where we also increased the grammage by 
looking at consumers. Like in INR 5 MRP, previously we were getting 16 grams in a few items. 
We have taken this to 20 grams and 25 grams also. So that's a call we have taken. Also, we need 
to look at competitors at a very tight level. So that's the way volume growth we have done. And 
we have taken price growth of close to 5-6% in FY23 compared to last year. But this year, we 
are looking at more volume-driven growth. That's point number one. And what was the other 
question? 
Manoj Verma: 
Yes, the other question was about the product-mix. So, Ravi, I think we spoke in the earlier call 
as well. So, we have identified a set of six brands that are high on gross margin. And what we 
are doing is that there is a conscious effort to drive their contribution, drive these categories. 
And this is not just a sales effort.  

 
 
 
 
11 
It is our marketing campaigns, our shopper marketing staff, the tracking of the fill rate of these 
SKUs. So, everyone end-to-end, our team is aligned on that. And that's what we are working on. 
Currently, we have moved this middle to about 12% of the contribution. 13% it has come to. We 
intend to take it to 18% over the three years from now. 
Ravi Srivastava: 
Understood. So, just Manoj ji on that. If it moves to 18%, what is the delta on the gross margins? 
So, for example, it is 13% today. 
Rishabh Jain: 
So, basically, gross margins will improve close to 1.2% if we take this to the next level. 
Ravi Srivastava: 
Okay. So, if it goes to 18, then it has a 1.2% expansion in gross margin. Is that? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Because we will invest also, we will do some pricing correction and all things because we will 
push their products. So, on net-net, we will do close to 1.2% to 1.3% gross margin expansion 
from that product. 
Ravi Srivastava: 
Got it. Rishabh, just one more thing. For the full year, I think the EBITDA margins are close to 
10.9%-11%. While for the last year, it was 13%. How should we think about operating margins 
or EBITDA margins, two to three years down the line? Is 13%, or 14% a good number to track 
or how would you sort of? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Ravi, so if you look at the next two to three years’ agenda, of course, that's our target because 
we need to move to 14% types of EBITDA. That's the target we are taking. But yes, you see 
FY24, so last year’s EBITDA was close to 11%. So, we want to do this to at least 100 basis 
points. That's the target we are taking, across all functions, all key levels. That's the brand we 
want to grow. Because you see, since the last 5-6 years, it was 20% plus. When volume 
increased, there are multiple costs which become more efficient and cost doesn't increase as 
sales increase. So, that's what we want to improve. 
Ravi Srivastava: 
Understood. But the focus was on volume growth, right? Is that, is that is the thing? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Binoy from Sunidhi Securities and Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Binoy: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Just want to understand your, raw material basket. How much 
of it would be edible oils? How much packaging material, potatoes, and likewise other raw 
materials? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes, so basically edible oil, if you take it compared to sales, then edible oil is close to 23%. 
Pulses, including pulses and flour. So, it's around 20%-29%. And packaging material is around 
9% - 9.5%. That's overall. Then there are dry fruits, there are mills, there are multiple. We are 
not dependent on any single raw material, that's the beauty of it. So, we can improve raw 
material. Any significant increase in single raw material doesn't depend much on our gross 
margin. So, in pulses also we are using more than 5-6 types of dals. 2-3 types of arhar. So, 

 
 
 
 
12 
overall, yes, so dry fruit we are using close to 5.5%-6%. Sugar is close to 3%. Milk is close to 
3.5%. So, that's overall, takes us to 70%. 
Binoy: 
And all these percentages that you mentioned are as a percent of sales, right? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes. 
Binoy: 
Okay. Just a clarification, small one. You said pulses is how much? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So, I'll come back to you with the exact number, but it's around 20%-29%. 
Binoy: 
Okay. And how about potato, you said? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Potato is close to 3.5% yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi, Manoj, Rishabh, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. Yes. Just a couple of questions. 
On slide 19 where you have given the regional mix, and I did a quick calculation where we have 
seen our strongest growth of 75% in South. I'm doing the Y-o-Y comparison for full year. Now, 
obviously, your distribution expansion is helping you to grow the market. But I was amazed to 
see the north and east, which is again a strong snacking market. So you have reported a growth 
of 20% and 31% in Eastern region. 
I fail to understand, and maybe you can give some qualitative comments that in the western part, 
our revenue has moved to INR 123 crores against the INR 115 crores, which you reported in 
FY22, which is about 6.7% growth. So is there any competition angle or is there anything 
snacking per se activities or something like? So I was looking for some qualitative answer from 
you. 
Manoj Verma: 
Sure, Suresh, I think that's a very valid observation. And thanks for bringing it up. So let me tell 
you, when we speak about a core and focus state. So unfortunately, none of these states from the 
west fallen into any of these brackets. So when we say core, and that's where we invest and we 
to hold our guns. So east, if you look at both Assam and Bihar, the east geography is doing well 
for us. North, when we speak, primarily Rajasthan, which is the largest state. And if Rajasthan 
does well, the entire north matrix would do well. South, we have already, what we've called out 
two states, which is Karnataka and Telangana, are part of our focus state. And hence, so the 
focus on south and also the number looks substantially high because of low base. Western states, 
to talk about, not that, we choose to ignore, but honestly speaking, we do not have as much 
focus. I think, you know, you will have to hold for a couple of years more. 
You know, we are all set to come up with a plant in Chhattisgarh by the end of this financial 
year. And maybe next year you will see that the Western markets will start witnessing the higher 
growth. And in line with the investment, what we intend to make in later this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The current participant has left the question queue. Mr. Pardeshi, are you there? 

 
 
 
 
13 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. So, sorry, Manoj, I lost. I was cut in between. So, I could not hear what you said, but maybe 
I'll take it. 
Manoj Verma: 
You want me to repeat, Sridhar? I'll quickly, you know, give you… 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, I'll take it offline. No issues. I have a second question. On the gross margin front, the 
observation here is that we have started gaining some benefits here. And Rishabh did say that 
we are targeting at least 100 basis points improvement in the margin. But just one historical data 
point, if you can share. When the input raw material price is correct, does that mean that the 
local competition is already started hitting us? Or maybe if you can give some color more on the 
local competition, especially in the high-consumption states? 
Manoj Verma: 
So, Sridhar, I'll take this question. So, one is that if we look at last year, as we got into this year, 
so quarter one was the period wherein, there were headwinds in terms of the pricing of the 
commodities. And, that gave a big hit to our bottom-line numbers. Over the quarters, what we 
did was that we went back, we tried to improve our efficiencies, productivity some grammage 
reduction, price increase, whatever. 
And, what happened was that by quarter four, the prices, commodity prices also started 
softening. So that's what, we benefited, in the double sense. One was that we improved our 
efficiencies and corrected things. And second, is the softening of prices. And numbers speak 
louder than for what I say, that if you compare, the EBITDA margin of quarter four versus 
quarter one, you can see the difference, what was there. 
Now, to your question, with the softening of prices, yes, not only the regional players, even the 
national players or the large players have started passing, the pricing benefit to the consumers. 
And so have we done. Another data point to validate for what I'm saying is that if you look at 
our quarter four numbers, our volume growth is 13%, and value growth is about 16%. Whereas 
if you look at our annual number, it is 15 and 22. So this now speaks about the question that 
you've asked. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Understood, Manoj, that's helpful. Just one follow-up here. You mentioned that you've started 
giving back the benefit. Would you quantify, is that the practice which you are going to follow 
for the next four quarters? Or you're still not completely passed on and you're trying to get to the 
competition and the market, how consumers behave? 
Manoj Verma: 
So it's both. I think it is practical and strategic, both. That's how we look at it. And also, we very 
closely watch what competition is doing in the marketplace. And what would help us to take this 
decision is also the commodity pricing. So today, prices are such that which can help us or which 
allow us to do this. Therefore, we are doing it. Tomorrow, let's say if there's something or some 
catastrophe or some stuff happens wherein prices go beyond our expectations, maybe we'll have 
to stop or cut the spins of what we're doing. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. Manoj, that's helpful. My last question, in terms of competition, do you see heightened 
competition or more regional competition in the Western or in the Ethnic? Because I see that 
most of the MNCs are also now trying to get aggressive into the ethnic. 

 
 
 
 
14 
Manoj Verma: 
So I think, perhaps what you're talking about is right. But more in the sense that, you know, 
Ethnic, there were very few players earlier. And Western had many. So this was a cluttered 
market. Today, we also see that a lot of companies have started trying to get into the Ethnic 
space, which is true. But I think there's no less competition on the Western side as well. And we 
see enough and more, new variants coming in. The companies who are well established are 
trying to not to do the brand extension and all that stuff. So, competition is on both ends. It is 
not just one. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you, Manoj. Thank you, Deepak and Rishabh. Thanks for the opportunity and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HDFC Life Insurance. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, sir, two questions from my side. Firstly, I'm referring 
to slide 21, where you mentioned the installed capacity of about 2,70,000 metric tons. Can you 
comment that, what is the volume that you produced in FY ‘23? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So, FY ‘23, if you look at the overall average, so we have been close to 42% to 43%. But you 
see, it depends on your capacity categories, like sweets and sweets are largely festival driven. 
So that's the peak capacity, we use normally from Rakhi, Diwali. But Bhujia, Namkeen, we eat 
on the weekend which we used, they are using a good capacity. But yes, from last year FY ‘22, 
we have started building capacity. So yes, our current usage capacity is close to between around 
42% to 43%. But yes, our target is to take this to 65%-70% in next three-four years. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, so you're saying that, the optimum capacity utilization is about 65% to 70%? 
Rishabh Jain: 
Optimum means in salty snacks is close to 85%, sir. Optimum. So we can take this to 85% 
comfortably. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, sir. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes, But in sweets, it's largely seasonal driven. So in sweets, taking this to 80%-85% is actually 
tough. So in sweets, we can take this to 45%-50%, if you see a blended average over the years, 
40%-45%. But in salty snacks, we can comfortably take this to 85%. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Got it. And what is the capacity that, will come under operation in the year FY ‘24, that is CWIP? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So we have three plants coming up. One is frozen, and the other is Patna, which is CMU 
basically. And the other one is in Raipur. That's also CMU. So basically, two are CMU and one 
is a frozen plant, which will come in the next three months-four months. So the overall capacity 
in Patna will be close to around 10,000 tons. But overall, if you merge all, the capacity will be 
between 10,000 tons and 25,000 tons addition. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is, on the other expenses. So, if we see for Q4, they have gone up 
by about 34%. And if we look at the percentage of sales also, they have gone up both on Y-o-Y 
basis and a Q-on-Q basis. So what is the reason for this? 

 
 
 
 
15 
Rishabh Jain: 
So basically, there are two-three things basically. One is basically, there are huge costs and 
people's costs increased last year. And our logistic costs increased to around 0.3%-0.4%. And 
also, there was a fair value adjustment in investment, that's close to 0.6%-0.7%. So that's the 
cost, which we have overall. It was a 2.5% increase in other expenses compared to last year. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So attributing these two first, you are saying manpower cost. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Exactly. So there was ad spend, which has been increased. So ad spend was increased. There 
was freight-forward charge, which has been increased. So there are multiple costs, which we 
invested largely. We invested in ad basically to build a market, to build a campaign. Also, 
logistic costs have been increased because we are building snacks market. So there were chips, 
western snacks. So western snacks involve reasonably good logistic costs. That's why we are 
building plant across all key states, nearby states. So logistic costs have increased a little bit. 
And then there was fair value adjustment on investment. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. So these three items. Got it. And in terms of the overall, in terms of quantum, what is the 
ad spend for Q4 and for the entire FY ‘23? 
Rishabh Jain: 
So ad spend in Q4 is close to 2% actually. And over the year also, we have done close to 1.9%. 
So it's largely in line. In first quarter, it was very minimal. But in the second and third quarter, 
because of Diwali campaign, we have done reasonably good ad costs. And in last quarter also, 
we have done close to 2.14% type of ad costs. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Lodha from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anurag Lodha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just had one question. So your exit gross margins came in at 
about 34%. So I just wanted to understand if, we can sustain these margins in the coming quarter 
since you have been taking so many initiatives towards gross margins. So, I just wanted to get a 
sense of that, thanks. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes. See, we always look at the gross margin at the over-the-year level. So of course, our last 
year’s gross margin was close to 29%. Last quarter of course was reasonably good because there 
was a fresh crop. So that has helped us in improving gross margin to this level. But the regular 
gross margin, which we looked at was close to 150 basis points higher than this. Close to 31% 
type of gross margin, which we looked at over the year. 
Anurag Lodha: 
Sorry, you said 31 percent? 
Rishabh Jain: 
31% that's the gross margin, which we look at, when we see over the years. 
Anurag Lodha: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Binoy from Sunidhi Securities and Finance. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
16 
Binoy: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a question on your distribution reach, which is about 
9.5 lakh outlets. How much of this would be, would the split between core and focus states? 
Manoj Verma: 
Yes. So core would be the highest. So it's about 7.35 lakh outlets in the core state. Focus has 
1,12,000 outlets and the rest is others. 
Binoy: 
Understood. And sir, let's say in these… 
Manoj Verma: 
Let me give some more insight on the question, what perhaps you asked. So in the core state, we 
enjoy, we have gained numeric distribution. We have a numeric distribution of 55% plus in the 
core state. While in the focus states, we just the entrance, we have about 4.2% numeric 
distribution. So that's the room, what we have in focus states. And we are fairly good on the core 
states. 
Binoy: 
Understood. So just as we have a reach of 9.5 lakh outlets, what would be, let's say, Haldiram's 
reach? 
Manoj Verma: 
I'll not be able to comment on Haldiram, but I'm sure, they… 
Rishabh Jain: 
I think, what we have in the core market, they must be… 
Manoj Verma: 
They must be at a pan-India level if you take Haldiram as a brand. 
Binoy: 
Sorry, I didn't understand. Sorry. Can you just come again? 
Manoj Verma: 
So I'm saying like, we enjoy about 55% numeric distribution, right? In our core state. That's the 
kind of market share, Haldiram has for the pan-India, for the country kind of thing. So their 
numeric distribution would be 55% for pan-India, this is what, we think. You can look at it 
easily, 3x kind of a number for what we have. That's our guess. 
Binoy: 
Understood. And, sir, the other question is on the portfolio. That we have ethnic packaged 
sweets, western, Papad, and others. If we have to understand this in terms of the GM profile, 
how would the GM profile be stacked up? 
Manoj Verma: 
So, GM, if you look at the sweets and Papad will be, ahead of curve. Right? And the Bhujia, 
Namkeen would broadly be on the same stack. And then the western snacks would be a notch 
below. 
Binoy: 
Understood. And what would be the differential between, let us say, western snacks and… 
Manoj Verma: 
Couple of percentage points. 
Binoy:  
Couple of percentage. Not too much. 
Manoj Verma: 
No. Not much. 
Binoy: 
Understood. That's all from my side. Thank you so much. 
Manoj Verma: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Manoj Verma: 
So, thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining us for this call. I mean, it was a pleasure 
interacting with you all. If you have any questions left out, feel free to reach out to us. We'll be 
happy to answer them all. Thanks. Thanks once again. 
Bhupender Sohal: 
Thank you very much. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Thank you to all the investors and shareholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of S-Ancial Technologies Pvt. Ltd., that concludes 
this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
