 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
 
The General Manager,
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager,
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q1/H1 – FY 24 Earnings Call held on August 16, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of Q1/H1 – FY 24 Earnings Call held on Wednesday, August 16, 2023 at 
05:00 hrs (IST). 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the transcript is also available on the website of the Company at the following link: 
 
https://www.kellton.com/investor-call-transcript 
 
 
This is for your information and record 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Rahul Jain 
Company Secretary 
Date: August 22, 2023 
Place: Hyderabad 
 
 
Rahul Jain
Digitally signed by Rahul 
Jain 
Date: 2023.08.22 18:43:54 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd 
Earnings Conference Call 
16 August 2023 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kellton Tech Solutions Limited's Q1 
and FY24 earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen 
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touch tone phone. I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company's earnings call for the first quarter of the financial year 2024. 
 
 Before we begin I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's concall may be forward-looking in nature and such forward-
looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results 
to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on the management's beliefs 
as well as assumptions made from the information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings 
conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's 
fundamental business and the financial quarter under review.  
 
Now I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today's 
earnings call. We have with us Mr. Niranjan Chittam, Chairman and Whole Time Director 
of kellton Tech, Mr. Karanjit Singh, Chief Executive Officer (CEO)-India and Mr. Srinivas 
Potluri, chief Executive Officer (CEO)-US.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Niranjan Chintan. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
 
Mr. Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you everyone for joining the Q1 FY24 financial earnings call. I just want to start off 
with some financial numbers. We'll go through some operational metrics and then we'll 
take Q&A as usual. So the financial numbers for the Q1 are about we made Rs. 249 crores 
as revenue for the last for the Q1, which is about 15% year on year growth with an 
increase of Rs. 27.9 crores and a PAT of 15.4 crores. The EPS for this quarter is 1.54 crores 
Rs. 5 for per share. Operational highlights like the previous quarter, we have some analyst 
ratings on our performance which is rated has very well and this quarter we have been 
featured as a product challenger when it comes to ISG in the SAP ecosystem. So we have 
our position as a product challenger ahead. This is the first foray into (Inaudible 3.04) and 
we have been treated very well, so we are very happy and excited about that.  
 
In addition to that, Kellton also has got a goal in the Globe Awards when it comes to the 
IoT platform that on behalf of IoT platform. Also, Kellton has been doing a lot of good 
work when it comes to the generative AI, nowadays that is the buzz work with chat GPT 
and the bar and profits of the world. And we have some paid customers that we are 
working with multiple new cases with our customers so we're excited to inform you of 
that. Also Kellton has developed a holistic healthcare platform when it comes to the 
length. We also excited that we are able to fully and help our customer in this holistic 

 
 
 
 
 
lawn care services. Those are big highlights, I like previous quarters in our largest revenue 
segment has been digital transformation, which gave us about 82% of our revenue comes 
from there. Geography wise yes, we are still quite skewed towards the US markets. And 
as you are aware, Europe has not been too great. The most of the companies in our space, 
because of what's going on with Ukraine and we are also in a similar boat where we are 
stagnant when it comes to the European growth for this quarter too. Those are the 
revenue highlights that we have with that. I do want to open up for question one last 
quarter we won three new customers and these are very marketing customers. Let's 
karanjit talk about with three new customers that we have acquired last quarter. These 
come from very different environments and we're very excited that we're able to help 
our customers in those spirit. Can you talk about the three new customers?  
 
Mr. Karanjit: 
Yeah, sure. Thank you and hello everyone. We have acquired these customers, these are 
marketing customers where we are doing some very leading digital work. One of them 
we're happy and proud to be associated with the India digital staff now formally this is 
one of those companies where they're trying to basically create a digital stock for one of 
these services and we've been on boarded there to help them with certain parts of 
building that network where we're going to help them engage with their network players 
on board them and also streamline interactions. The other one is a leading steadily 
consulting company globally. They have done the digital consulting and now they're in 
the process of implementing and they have chosen us to be the partners for them to 
implement the digital platform, which is to do with the Methane regulatory regulation 
platform. This is a regulatory requirement in the US Now and so we are helping them build 
their whole data and reporting platform regarding these whole emissions.  
 
Similarly, we are also engaged with the leading pharmaceutical company, which deals in 
the respiratory drug space and a lot of them are now building digital platforms where they 
want to engage with their customers. And so we're building that whole digital, the digital 
side for them to engage with their customers with help continuous care and also basically 
help them what the diagnosis is, if there's some undiagnosed patients and also predicting 
things on an anticipatory mode rather than just the whole doctor's visit kind of thing. So 
these are some of the leading stuff that you signed up this quarter. Thank you.  
 
Mr. Niranjan Chintan: 
Thank you, Karanjit. With that I want to open up calling for questions.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of PD Ranjit Kumar from Amirtha techs. Please go.  
 
PD Ranjit Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on steady set of numbers. My question is what is 
the reason for decrease in employee expenses quarter on quarter? Is it because of 
voluntary reduction of employees or any other reason?  
 
Mr. Niranjan Chintam: 
So there is a combination of reduction in decrease the numbers when it comes to 
employee, but the subcontracting has gone up. So what has happened is yes, there is 
some reduction not voluntary some involuntary and then a voluntary one was probably 
very less compared to the involuntary marking.  
 
And at the same time you're seeing that the subcontractors have gone up. That is because 
of the certain skill set that we didn't have in house which we had to subcontract out. So 
while we are hiring people where there is a requirement and we're also relying on our 

 
 
 
 
 
partners to help us provide as a short term when it comes to immediate need for some 
of our skill sets that we don't have on our payroll.  
 
PD Ranjit Kumar: 
OK. One more question also. Could you please share on the progress on European 
business operations?  
 
Mr. Niranjan Chintam: 
So European business operation, I think we have for the last one year and some change 
has not been doing as we wanted it to be or not meeting our expectations. That is the 
combination of two things. One, the economy as we are aware in Europe, I think I just 
was reading somewhere that Netherlands has joined Germany when it comes to 
recession. There is a big recession impact that is going on. Customers are not starting 
projects while the pipeline is startup projects is not taking place, so everybody is on a wait 
and watch mode. Whatever we signed up with customers, there's delays in starts that is 
happening much more prevalent in Europe, while in US also we are facing similar new 
starts getting delayed while there are some stocks that are happening, but some of our 
customers have signed on the agreement, but they're saying can you delay it by quarter 
or a month, it just goes like that. So there is everybody is worried about what is going to 
happen, so there are holding cash and they're saying let's just hold off a little bit longer 
while immediate priority is important ones, we're still doing it. People are spending 
money on trying to figure out what the AI side of their, what they want to do on the AI 
side. So there are projects on a small scale they're kicking off while we see some 
customers spending big money on the AI side, we are seeing many customers are also 
saying okay let me try. Because there is a bug going on let me try. That's where this is 
going on. 
  
PD Ranjit Kumar:  
Many thanks for your valuable explanation. 
 
Moderator: 
As we have no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over back to 
management for closing comments. Over to you Sir.  
 
Mr. Niranjan Chintam: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. I know today is a busy day. Regret that there are 
not too many questions but we would love to answer any questions that you might have 
a later date or reach out to us directly and we will be happy to answer. Soon we do have 
an AGM coming around and also the next quarter is a next call. Hopefully they'll be better 
participation than what we have today but thank you very much. Again looking forward 
to seeing you soon. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kelton Tech Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
  
 
 
