 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
 
August 10, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations Department 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543248 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
SYMBOL: RBA 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of Investor/ Analyst Call 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the aforesaid SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Investor/ Analyst call w.r.t. the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, held on August 8, 2023 at 11:00 a.m. IST as 
Annexure A. 
 
The same is being made available on the website of the Company viz. www.burgerking,in.  
 
You are requested to take note of the same and disseminate to all concerned. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
(Formerly Known as Burger King India Limited)  
 
 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F8765 
 
MADHUL
IKA VIPIN 
RAWAT
Digitally signed 
by MADHULIKA 
VIPIN RAWAT 
Date: 2023.08.10 
15:44:46 +05'30'

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
                                                      
        Annexure A 
         
 
 
“Restaurant Brands Asia Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 08, 2023 
     
                                                                
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJEEV VARMAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND GROUP 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP DEY – BRAND PRESIDENT INDONESIA – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT ZAVERI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA 
LIMITED 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
MR. KAPIL GROVER – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
MR. PRASHANT DESAI – HEAD OF STRATEGY AND IRR – 
RESTAURANT BRANDS ASIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIHAL JHAM – NUVAMA WEALTH MANAGEMENT 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Restaurant Brands Asia Q1 FY24 
conference call hosted by Nuvama Wealth Management. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Nihal Jham from Nuvama Wealth Management. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, thanks, Zico. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, I would like to welcome you 
all to the Q1 FY24 result earning call for Restaurant Brands Asia. From the management 
today we have Mr. Rajeev Varman, Whole Time Director and Group CEO, Mr. Sandeep 
Dey, Brand President Indonesia, Mr. Sumit Zaveri, Group CFO and Chief Business Officer, 
Mr. Kapil Grover, Chief Marketing Officer and Mr. Prashant Desai, Head of Strategy and 
IRR. I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Rajeev Varman. Over to you, Raj. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Thank you, thank you, Nihal, and thanks, everyone. Appreciate your interest in our 
company, and thanks for joining on this Tuesday call. What I'm going to do is I'm going 
give you a quick roundup on our journey forward, both here in India and Indonesia. And 
then I will hand it over to Sumit who will then carry you through the numbers for both the 
countries and the consolidated P&L as well. And then we will go into each country, India 
and then Indonesia. First Kapil Grover will give you the marketing strategy here in India 
and then Sandeep Dey will give you the strategy up in Indonesia. 
 
And then finally, we will go back and open up for questions. So with that said, just a little 
bit, you know, in the past, you've heard me speak about, you know, the India strategy, 
which is to continue to drive value. We started with value many years ago when we had 
the 2 for offer. People might still remember the 2 for 50 rupees offer that we had. 
Subsequent to those offer, we went to a stunner menu, which you saw the 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
groundbreaking advertisement that we did, which was applauded all across the world with 
Hrithik Roshan. And then the next chapter, 2.0 on the value strategy, is what we have 
running right now, which is the INR99 menu, which is doing extremely well. 
 
Actually has driven a lot of traffic into our restaurants. High 7% kind of traffic in dining, 
and Kapil will share more and so will Sumit. But it's this value platform is integral part of 
our strategy in both Indonesia and India. And here in India, we continue to strengthen that 
and we will, you know, from time to time, you know, upgrade and improve the strategy, 
but the intention is to make sure we have a ground, good, stable strategy on value. Then 
we came up with cafes, right? We built, you know, 240 cafes last year to top it up to 275 
cafes, and now we are sitting at about 280 plus cafes in India. 
 
And also very happy today to report to you that yesterday we completed opening of 400 
restaurants in India. So congratulations to Cicely Thomas, the development team, the 
construction team, Sameer Bedi, and the entire construction team for doing a fantastic 
job and all the operations people for opening all these 400 restaurants and we continue 
our journey this year to go to 450 restaurants. So cafe being integral part of our business 
now moving forward, all restaurants open with cafes on a standard basis. So that's one 
thing that, you know, we have already installed and we are working and we continue to 
grow the ADS on that. 
 
If you look at the last quarter, we kind of climbed up the ADS from the previous year that 
we ended up by another thousand, you know, to fifty bucks at about upwards of 
INR15,000. That ADS continues to climb and, you know, roughly about half of that is 
incremental. So it's like, you know, incremental sales coming into the system. Then also 
we spoke about, you know, introduction of, you know, the premium menu, King's 
collection. We spoke about, you know, the wraps and so forth. 
 
So Kapil will talk to you about that. Now moving forward as we go into this balance of this 
year and into the next two, three years, we are going to be expanding our total consumer 
base by including families and kids. And you will start to hear from, first hear today from 
Kapil, and then you will hear about this more in subsequent quarters. But you will find 
that expansion to continue our journey, to climb from our existing ADS towards our target 
in the future. And then the final thing is the walk on leadership, which is something that 
we have invested a lot of, both money and time in building a fantastic product. 
 
You will find in the next quarter or so, you will find also news on how we're going to go 
forward with the Whopper. And so having a premium layer, having the Whopper layer, 
having the value layer and having the cafe, all these things are in place for India. So now 
what the work is, is a single laser focus for the balance of this year in India to increase top 
line sales and to increase the four walls we've done. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
 
So the team in India has put over the last, I would say, 24 months, all these basic modules 
in place, whether it's the value strategy, the premium strategy, the Whopper strategy, the 
Cafe strategy, all these have been completed and rolled out training has been completed. 
And now the focus will be laser on top-line revenues and on four-walls [EBITDA 0:06:23]. 
And you'll hear a lot about that from Kapil as we move into his presentation. Now on the 
growth side, you know, there's – and, you know, similarly, Sandeep will speak on the 
Indonesia side. 
 
Indonesia has been a fantastic – I mean, last we've been speaking about Indonesia, about, 
you know, rolling out of value, rolling out of new products, rolling out of the chicken menu. 
You know, we used to have only one chicken handheld, but that's a country which has a 
classic and a spicy. We introduced the spicy version. We rectified a lot of our products, 
which we tested. All that was done last year, and as we were doing that, we went up in 
SSSG of 1.7% last year, and this last quarter, we further improved that by going up 5.5% 
SSSG, which is all driven by almost 10% of traffic in the dinette. 
 
So and Sandeep will talk more to that. But also there's a very clear strategy in Indonesia 
now to move that business to a positive in this year, to break even and then go past that 
in this coming year. Now on the growth side, one of the things that we are doing in India 
is obviously a journey towards 700. We are at 400. We have crossed the midway mark and 
we continue to kind of march forward towards getting that 700 by December of 2026. On 
the Indonesia side, we have two brands there, we have Popeyes and we have Burger King 
Indonesia. 
 
The Burger King Indonesia, we are rationalizing that, you will see that we have closed a 
few restaurants and we'll close a few more, very few more restaurants, rationalize that 
these poor restaurants or you know, malls that died after COVID or some events that 
happened that kind of put the compromise the location of those restaurants. And you will 
see that that rationalization will be completed in the next little over the next quarter. And 
then, you know, the Popeye story, which is we continue to build restaurants. 
 
We have got 11 restaurants, 10 up as of last quarter, and then we opened one just in the 
last few days. And this journey will continue to get to 25 restaurants by December of this 
year. So that growth journey continues, and you will hear more from Sandeep on that. 
Finally, you know, we are going to go into a digital phase too. So while we have fixed the 
product side, we have fixed all those things in Indonesia and India we already had a 
winning menu. So we continue that journey but we are going to step up what we are going 
to do. 
 
We are already doing this by the way in Popeyes and we are now going to instill this in 
India, Burger Kings, as well as Burger Kings in Indonesia, which is twofold. We call it Digital 
2.0, with one ordering kiosks in all locations, and you'll hear that from Kapil as well. Table 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
ordering, that's something Cicely Thomas, our president in Burger King, India, is rolling 
out. And then 100% known guests, which again Kapil will address in his speech. So this is 
the way forward, right? Top line growth in India, four walls EBITDA in India, rationalize the 
portfolio of Burger King in Indonesia, get to break even in Indonesia, continue the journey 
of Popeyes. 
 
By the way, the Popeyes restaurants are doing twice the sales of the Burger King 
restaurants over there with a very high double-digit four-walls EBITDA. So we have really 
cracked that menu well. We are starting to build those restaurants. Can you imagine when 
we get to 25 restaurants, it will be equivalent to 50 Burger King restaurants. 
So great job to Sandeep and his entire team over there launching a great brand over there 
and doing a good job launching it and the fruits of that are starting to roll in. So with that 
said, I'm going to turn it over to Sumit Zaveri. Sumit will carry you through the numbers 
for the quarter and then he'll hand it over to Kapil. Over to you Sumit. 
Sumit Zaveri: 
Thank you Raj for the usual perspective to where we stand. I will take some time to just 
explain and take you through how we performed as far as the financial matrix is 
concerned. Firstly starting with the revenue which is actually the key driver for us in terms 
of our business and profitability. We moved from 365 crores in quarter four last year to 
422 crores in the current quarter in India. So I'm first covering India's standalone financials 
and then subsequently go into Indonesia. Part ones have covered the perspective on India. 
There is an overall growth of 16%.  
 
Raj initially mentioned that we have very clear, sharp focus on our value strategy. And the 
perspective of getting into value strategy was to very clearly drive in traffic and there also 
dovetailing back into what really meant by drive in traffic. We actually also wanted to 
make sure that the traffic that we are driving is on the dine-in part of the business. Really 
looking at how we performed on that part of the strategy, our SSSG at an overall business 
level was at 3.6%, and I'm really happy to mention that this was which we are the back of 
growth in Dine-In traffic.  
 
Our Dine-In traffic SSTG, as we call it, or same store transaction growth, was at in excess 
of 10% for quarter one. So we really kind of remain sharp on our strategy to grow traffic 
and revenue through Dine-In, and that is what we've been able to kind of remain sharp 
on our strategy to grow traffic and revenue through dining and that is what we've been 
able to kind of achieve. That gave us an improvement in ADS from 108 in quarter 4 to 120 
in quarter 1, a substantial increase of 11%. Growth, coming back on to growth, as Raj 
mentioned, growth has been one of our key pillars. We have now reached 400 stores as 
we speak. 
 
We remain focused to get to 450 by end of this financial year. And the target of 700 by 
December 26th continues to be one of the key milestones as far as growth is concerned. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
While we, you know, went really strong at value strategy, our key was and key focus was 
that we should not and we should make sure that we continue to also simultaneously 
remain stable or move in positive direction on gross profits. Very clearly, there is no reason 
internally for us that we said that, okay, because we go strong on value does not mean 
that we can actually take a shortcut to the margin side and we continue to remain strong 
at 6.5% for the quarter. 
 
We strongly believe that this number is a stable state and only move in the positive 
directions as we go along. Coming on to store EBITDA, and I just want to kind of stop back 
and just kind of put saying that why did we put this kind of marketing expenses part of our 
performance results? We felt that, you know, if we really look at it from the perspective 
of commitment that we have towards the spend, on an annual basis, we spend 5% of our 
revenue. But obviously, all of you would understand that in business, it is not easy to 
spread out marketing spend. 
 
We would rather spend the money where we feel we will have maximum impact. 
Generally, we've always been spending higher on marketing in quarter 1, and then it kind 
of averages out at 5% for the full year. But in order to make the quarters comparable, 
we've put that number of marketing spend that we have done in the last year quarter one, 
previous quarter and this year.  
 
If you really look at it from the perspective of stable state marketing, which is where 
literally the year would go down to, we have in current quarter delivered 9.8% on store 
EBITDA level, which compared to quarter 4 adjusted for marketing would have been 7.3, 
which is very clearly an improvement of 2.5% on a store EBITDA level. On a company 
EBITDA level, if we were to adjust for marketing, we would be at 4.2 as compared to 0.6% 
in previous quarter. This is coupled with two things. One is a shift in the marketing cost or 
a baseline in the marketing cost. At the same time, as the revenues have grown, we've 
also seen the baseline of the leverage effect of the corporate costs by almost 1% point 
over the previous quarter. 
Looking at -- and I'm on slide six, looking at the overall numbers, as I mentioned, revenue 
of INR422 crores. At the store level, we had been talking, saying that we have brought 
efficiencies on the labor line side, and we are at 10.1% as compared to 11.1% over last 
quarter, and we continue to kind of make sure that we build efficiencies on different lines 
of costs as we go along. 
And then on the corporate cost side, as I mentioned, we have remained at a stable state 
of INR34 crores. This is as we internally target. This is likely the cost at which in and around 
these levels of cost at which we will remain on corporate costs on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis over next quarter as we report our numbers for the year going forward. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
All in all, we feel that it was a good quarter with a company level EBITDA at INR10 crores. 
Adjusted for the marketing -- incremental marketing spend that we did in quarter 1, we 
felt really -- we could achieve on what we call it as a stable state at this levels of ADS of 
close to around INR18 crores at the company level EBITDA and a substantial shift from 
what we have seen in quarter 4 of FY '23. 
Going into Indonesia, and this is something which is what we strongly feel and believe that 
this is the beginning of the journey of -- on the positive side as far as Indonesia is 
concerned. If you really look at it from the perspective of average daily sales, which is 
actually the key driver for us to be able to pick the business towards of its surely to 
profitability. 
We moved ADS from last year, 17.6% to 19.4%, almost 10% increase in overall ADS with 
an SSSG of 5.5%. So this is a strong positive SSSG that we grew. And there are no 
seasonality variations. So these are literally like-to-like quarters very clearly. At the same 
time, we continue to look at our portfolio of stores in a very hard manner. And wherever 
we feel that we need to rationalize the stores, we rationalized. 
We will continue to look at this. So coupled with rationalization of stores and SSSG, we've 
been able to move the overall ADS from 17.6% to 19.4% and we will continue to build on 
to these sales. And Sandeep and his part will certainly cover why we feel confident of this 
baseline number and what will be our path to grow from go. 
As far as Popeyes is concerned, we are at 10 stores. Our journey is to get to 25 by end of 
the year. And we are -- we remain focused in terms of making sure that this ADS has 
continued to remain on a higher side. We are currently at 40 million ADS. This seems to 
be a strong 40 million for us. Margins -- gross profit margins on this brand is something 
which has been one of the big positives for us, and we will continue to build and grow 
from there. 
So if we -- going on to slide number nine. If we really look at it from the perspective of 
quarter 1 performance for Indonesia, we did a revenue of INR189 crores as compared to 
INR150 crores last year or previous quarter, very similar numbers. But at a company 
EBITDA level, we are at INR12.5 crores loss. But just similar to like the way we invest ahead 
at the start of the year on marketing side, we've done similar investments in Indonesia as 
well. 
In the current quarter, our investments in marketing for Indonesia stood at 7.7%, which is 
2.7% ahead of what our annual plan is. If we really adjust for that, then the loss at the 
company EBITDA level would reduce down to around INR7-odd crores. 
We had very -- at the beginning when we started the year, we had very clearly laid out 
that we are working towards reaching to profitability in Indonesia, that's our very sharp, 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
clear focus for the year. We strongly feel that the performance in quarter 1. We see some 
retailers we are on that path to be able to get to achieve the profitability for the financial 
year of FY '24 as we go along. 
So with that, just a quick on the consolidated performance between the two countries, 
we are at INR610 crores of revenue up from INR514 crores over last year, a marginal 
company-level EBITDA loss of INR2 crores. But as I explained, some parts of it as on 
account of investments, higher investments that we did in India on the marketing side, 
which was around close to INR8 crores and incremental marketing spend that we did in 
Indonesia, which was around INR5 crores. 
So it really exist for some of the money that we've invested ahead of the curve at a 
company EBITDA level as well, we are standing positive or we feel confident of the 
numbers that we want to achieve going forward. 
So with that, I will hand it over to Kapil, who will take this through the initiatives that we 
have on the marketing side of these. Over to you, Kapil. 
Kapil Grover: 
Thanks, Sumit. Good morning, everyone. As you heard, Raj and Sumit share quarter 1 
results where we're seeing about 3.5% SSSG, which is on the back of system sales of 25% 
and 91 new store openings. I just want to reiterate how the team has stayed focused on 
the key strategic pillars. 
Now on slide number 12, -- number one is our ambition to be the value leader in the 
market, and we continue to offer our guest, great value for money and drive additional 
footfalls in our restaurants. And value is not just about tactical promotions. It's a constant 
endeavor to offer food, experience and service that is really worth it. I will share how the 
99 meals promotion helps us drive strong dine-in traffic growth this quarter. 
The second pillar is our endeavor to offer differentiated products. On our core menu, we 
have the flagship product Whopper, and I will also share how we continue to build the 
premium end of the menu kings collection over time. BK Cafe is a new incremental layer 
that we've now added to 286 stores, and this will continue to grow over the long term as 
a strong innovation and a very profitable menu. 
The third pillar on the digital side, we have committed to significantly improve our guest 
experience and offer them even more convenient ways of accessing Burger King at stores 
or at the convenience of their homes. Last but not the least, we continue to build a strong 
brand with the Gen Z, which will relate very strongly with our audience. 
Moving to slide number 13. Our key initiative this quarter was the launch of Tasty Meals 
promotion starting at INR99 available in dine-in and takeaway. This menu is an extension 
of the stunner menu whereby we improvised the proposition by offering a complete meal 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
around our winning stunner products like Crispy Range, the Makhani Range and the 
Crunchy Tacos. 
In April, we rolled out a complete 360 program around 99 meals with television, digital 
media, out-of-home branding and mall sandwiches wherever we have stores. We also 
leveraged the cricket season with a moment marketing campaign, which is very engaging. 
As a result, this campaign helped us drive incremental timing traffic growth, same-store 
traffic growth of over 10% in this quarter, which is a very strong sign of how we progress 
on this business in the future quarters. 
Slide 14 talks about the launch of the new innovation on our menu. We strengthened the 
King's collection portfolio by adding premium wraps to revenue. Now this is a loaded wrap 
with a soft paneer patty or a crispy Fiery Chicken Patty along with fresh salads and very 
delicious sauces and it offers a great meal solution on the go. 
Now this is based on consumer in fact that wraps and rolls, whether you look at the kati 
rolls the north or the Frankies in the West or the Calcutta rolls, it's -- there's a demand for 
filling satiating product of this format. So this product got added to our menu last quarter, 
and we continue to build the premium menu. 
In addition to that, we continue to build Whopper franchise by offering new case 
experiences every quarter, last quarter was the twisted whopper, which was a limited 
time offering. This there allows us to win with the Whopper fans, they come back and they 
can try a new variant every time. So it helps us to build frequency over time. 
Slide 15 talks about the cafe menu. Cafe, we continue to build awareness through very 
innovative either social media, influencer marketing and a lot of focus on driving at store 
awareness and trial cases. This has helped us drive income revenues of 8,000 through the 
cafe menu across 286 operating stores. 
Well Raj mentioned about almost 15,500 total cafe areas. Of that 50% is almost 
incremental. This cafe business in the long term as we grow awareness and trial will help 
us build new occasions in between meal-day parts and build a new line of business over 
time. 
Moving on to the digital experiences. As I mentioned in the beginning, you will see that 
Burger King stores will now offer three new experiences to our guests. The Burger King 
app continues to grow and offer consumers a very convenient way of ordering timing or 
delivery. We have now started to improve our loyalty program, the Crown rewards, and 
you will see more progress on that in the coming time. This will help us drive more 
frequency with our guests. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
The self-ordering kiosk is a new interface, which will -- the new way guests are adopting 
this interface very rapidly. It allows them to explore the menu, pay and order via a very 
seamless digital experience. And you couple that with the new initiatives that we're 
testing on table service -- so effectively, as we scale this up, the guests can walk into a 
Burger King store, use the Burger King app or the kiosk or the QR code that are placed on 
the tables, right? 
They can select their favorite menu items, avail very exclusive offers on the BK app or 
Crown rewards and get their food served on the table. So this has become a very sort of 
elevated experience for our Burger King guests. 
On Slide 17, I shared a few examples of how we continue to bring a very engaging brand 
through social media, a lot of innovative content, and we continue to build brand love 
with Gen Z. And the effort has been recognized on Indian and global platform, the Stunner 
campaign won a silver at the New York Clear Awards, and also got shortlisted at the 
Cannes Awards as one of the top 10 campaigns in the world for most effective use of 
influencers. 
At this point, I'll hand over to Sandeep to talk you through the Indonesian business update. 
Sandeep Dey: 
Thank you, Kapil, and a very, very good morning to all of you from Indonesia. See you 
heard both Raj as well as Sumit talking about the overall business performance for the 
Indonesian market and the progress we have made in the last quarter. Now what I'm going 
to do in the next few minutes is share with you some of the work we are doing to move 
our key strategic growth pillars forward. 
But first thing first, let me reiterate that for the Indonesian market, our single-minded 
objective continues to be building back a profitable company. And in order to deliver that, 
we will continue to focus on three of our strategic pillars. 
Number one, it is an extremely strong chicken market, and one of our key strategies is to 
build our credibility in chicken. Second, we will continue to establish leadership in burgers. 
And third, we are building a comprehensive dessert menu which will help us drive 
incremental locations and over a long period of time, incremental traffic. And I'm going to 
talk about each of these three pillars in a bit. 
But most importantly, the bedrock for all these strategies are having a very solid 
foundation with regard to operational excellence, products, people capability processes, 
and they are ensuring that we provide best-in-class guest experience every single time. 
And we will always continue to provide a very strong value proposition to all our guests 
across the entire menu layers. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Now I'm going to talk about each of these strategic pillars. So first, let me talk about the 
chicken. See Indonesia as a market is where the staple food is fried chicken and rice. And 
we have identified a gap in our menu both with regard to taste as well as the variety. The 
team did a fantastic work. We work very hard, improve the quality and taste of the classic 
chicken and also develop a spicy variant. 
Now both variants, by the way, we did a detailed research with guests and both these 
products performed extremely well in Consumer Research. After that was understood, we 
launched these products in the last quarter and afford a very aggressive trial price of 
IDR25,000 for a meal. 
And just to give you a context, the normal price for such meals in any other QSR chain are 
typically in the range of IDR35,000 to IDR36,000 -- and we supported the launch with a 
very comprehensive 360 degree marketing campaign. And we are quite encouraged to 
see the initial results. In fact, the biggest indicator is that the incidents of chicken improved 
by 25-odd percent and, of course, helping us increase in both sales as well as traffic. 
Now I'm moving to the next slide, which is slide number 22. See, our next strategic priority 
is to build Burger leadership -- and we have to build that through taste credibility, build 
that through clever innovation and also offer strong value propositions across the entire 
menu layer. 
Now we have built a robust menu architecture, offering trade testing over across all the 
price bands. It starts at IDR29,000 for a burger meal. By the way, this idea, I'll just give you 
some numbers so that we can understand from the INR perspective, IDR29,000 for a meal 
translates to over INR155 in INR. And we call this, branded-value layer as king deals. And 
then we also have offerings at a price gap of every IDR10,000 which is every INR50, INR55. 
And going all the way up to IDR79,000 for a gold collection bill which is our premium layer. 
So these burgers are pure taste indulgence and at the same time quite affordable pricing. 
Now our strategy is to promote these products and generate trials across all these layers. 
So we have created some aggressive offers like 2 for 39, which by the way include the 
junior whopper as well, where a guest can enjoy a very deep discount, almost to the tune 
of about 45%. We also have a bunch of other aggressive offers, and now we are promoting 
them through social, through digital, through coupons. 
Now I'm moving to the third pillar, which is the desert pillar. Now desert is a very big 
business opportunity in this market. And a couple of quarters back, when we launched a 
branded desert partnering with Nestle, KitKat Fusion, we got some fantastic results. Our 
volumes of desert went up almost 3x and the incidence grew almost about 10%. So based 
on that learning, we are building a pipeline of branded desserts in partnership with both 
local as well as global partners. And at the same time generating trials for these indulgent 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
desserts through a very aggressive pricing. The final objective is to drive incremental 
locations and in the long term drive incremental traffic. 
Now I'm moving on to slide 24, which is my last slide and I'm going to talk about Popeyes. 
Popeyes brand we launched in last December and it's been over seven months and we 
continue to drive reasonably high sales and a very, very profitable for our EBITDA. So go 
forward, our focus is to build on three strategic pillars. 
Number one, our number one priority is to make sure that we continue to deliver 
blockbuster new store openings. Now, you know, we have a lot of global best practices 
across multiple markets and we have our own learnings from the previous successful 
launches. And based on all those learnings, we have built what we call it as a new store 
launch playbook. So we plan to follow that playbook for all our new store openings to 
ensure that every single launch is a successful one. 
And our plan is to open 25 stores by the end of this year. So last July, I mean the last 
month, we opened one store. So our store count is at 11. We have another five stores 
under construction. And almost about 10 to 12 stores which are at various stages of pre-
construction and lease signing. So we have a robust pipeline to ensure that we build about 
25 stores of Popeyes this year. 
The second pillar is to build this brand into a chicken destination. See, we are basically a 
culinary brand and we got not only winning products with regard to taste, but at the same 
time, an enormous amount of variety of products to address different occasions. `So our 
priority now is to generate trials for all our iconic products. We are taking one product at 
a time and running campaign with attractive offers to generate trials. The intent is to get 
our guests to try all our iconic products and then eventually find their own personal 
favorites and over a period of time they will become loyalists of our products and 
eventually the brand. 
The third pillar and Raj spoke about it, the digital 2.0, So our third pillar is to build a brand 
with digital first experience. All our restaurants, by the way, have kiosks. Every restaurant 
has video walls, which runs brand content, product content, and all our drive-thru menu 
boards are digital menu board. Our long-term ambition continues to have 100% non-diner 
sales, right? And we are moving quite positively in that direction. 
At this moment, almost 37% of our dining sales is done through Kiosk. And each of those 
sales actually comes at almost 18% to 20% higher check. And our near-term plan is to take 
that number from 37% to close to 60%, 65%. 
So that is all from my side about the Indonesia business and now I hand it over to Prashant 
to share the overall outlook for our business. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Prashant Desai: 
Thanks, Sandeep. Friends, there is no major change in the outlook that we had presented 
last time around, but I'll just reiterate that we remain committed to delivering a 10%-plus 
same store growth in the current year, taking gross margins to 67 this year into about 69 
over the next two more further years. In Indonesia, as we had guided, we remain 
committed to delivering a cash break even make a little bit profit this year and to open 
about 325 restaurants between Burger King and Popeyes over the next four years' time. 
So with that I'll open up the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the gross margin 
performance better. So despite this launch of value offer at INR99, we have been able to 
sort of maintain our gross margin. So, just wanted to understand how we have been able 
to achieve that and is there any sort of price hike that we have taken for the rest of the 
portfolio? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, so, thank you for your question. So, we haven't taken any price hike. In fact, as you 
can see, we are on national TV and across the entire country talking about INR99. So that's 
our strategy on the marketing side. But you're absolutely right. We have maintained a 
gross margin. There's a couple of things. As you would have known from our presentation, 
that we continue to grow our cafe business, right? So we have grown that business, and 
that comes at a higher margin, and we continue to kind of use that to make sure that 
we're moving in that journey. 
So there are a lot of programs that are in place within the supply chain department, 
whether it is from procurement, whether it's on rate decrease on delivery or 
transportation, or whether it is on the ingredients itself. Multiple buying, we continue to 
do that by introducing newer and our supplier base, we continue to grow that. The second 
thing is we also continue to make sure that our patties and so forth are efficiently 
delivered. 
Now, as we have moved from 300 restaurants to 400 restaurants, those synergies are also 
playing in, right, because each distribution center is now not delivering five or 10 
restaurants, maybe delivering 15 restaurants or 20 restaurants. So we save a lot of that as 
we amortize the primary cost into all those restaurants. So you will continue to see this 
either stabilize or continue to move in the north direction. Our objective as we have 
outlined is to move this to about 67% this year and then we are kind of fully confident that 
that's where we are going to go. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Prashant Desai: 
Just to add to what Raj mentioned, the question, had the INR99 offer not been there, we 
believe we would have delivered a further 100% increase in gross margin. So you can say 
broadly that's the impact. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And you mentioned that the SSTG in dine-in channel was in double digit. I just 
wanted to check if you could mention what is the kind of SSTG in the dine-in channel? 
Prashant Desai: 
So, Devanshu, SSTG was in the region of around 10% on the dine-in channel, on the 
transaction growth side. And SSSG of around 10% on the dine-in channel side. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, one question I wanted to understand, so we have also sort of on our overall business 
level we have seen about 6% SSTG and about 3.5%, 4% SSSG and the competition itself 
has seen about 7% SSG and largely they have also indicated that their transaction growth 
was largely has driven the SSG for them. But our margins have sort of gotten more 
impacted vis-a-vis the competition. So just wanted to understand why is there such a sort 
of investment that we have to do for generating similar amount of transaction growth? 
And why the competition is able to achieve at a lower investment? So any thoughts on 
that please? 
Prashant Desai: 
We don't like to talk about competition. It's not fair on our part. All we will tell you is we 
started this business in 2014. We've been running this business for about nine years. You 
know when they came and the number of years that they have taken to reach where we 
are. We also believe as we continue to build scale, coffee which is still just about IDR8,000 
of incremental ADS to our number, as our overall product mix gets better, we are 
confident of delivering better cross margin. So from that perspective, just look at what we 
are or where we are, keeping that metric in mind. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, Prashant. So it's more the time and journey which is making the brand content. And 
the third one, we haven't provided this contribution of channel wise sales for India 
business if you could just give me that number, and I'll be done. 
Prashant Desai: 
Sure, Devanshu, so, the back off strategy of putting dine-in traffic back in store, for what 
they were getting dine-in traffic in store. We were at 40% delivery share, so it has come 
down from 43% in the previous quarter to 40%. So the journey that we had embarked 
upon to kind of make more sales in the dine-in part of the business is something which we 
are doing. And we will make sure that this number is forming part of our presentations 
going forward. So, a point is in on that. 
Rajeev Varman: 
Just on what Prashant was speaking, I just wanted to make sure that you're clarifying. See, 
the ADS of Q1 of FY ‘23 and the ADS of Q1 in FY ‘24 is exactly the same, 120, right? So the 
ADS basically drives the volume and all the numbers below it, right? Let me explain to you 
what happened there. We added about 70-plus restaurants. 90 stores, 91 stores. 91 stores 
between that quarter and this quarter, the quarter of FY ‘23 to the quarter of FY ‘24. Now 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
these stores always start at a lower ADS. In most businesses, most concepts they start 
because they're in, the traffic slowly picks up, right? 
Now the SSSG stores are the stores that were comping, they delivered ADS of 126, right? 
So when we put these new stores, obviously with the lower ADS, they got down, the total 
ADS down to 120. Now, as these stores mature over the next two quarters, you'll find that 
they will go towards the average ADS as well, right? So that's the difference between 
adding a whole bunch of brand new stores to your portfolio versus not adding them. If 
you don't add them, then your existing portfolio which climbed to 1.26, of course that's 
going to deliver much higher margins. I hope that really clarifies the difference that you 
were asking.  
Devanshu Bansal:  
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Soham Samanta from Centrum Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Soham Samanta: 
Hi Rajeev, thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions in the beginning. Starting from 
you and it's up to Kapil also. We have spoken a lot about driving traffic. I just wanted to 
understand on the ground, what are the currents you are getting? Is the consumer down 
trading and that's why the traffic is becoming more important? Because what I see that 
our value strategy over the last two, three years has remained steady. So there are two 
parts. One is that what is the consumer traffic is saying is there is a down trading and that's 
why this value proposition is becoming more important and that's why they're driving the 
traffic? 
And the second part is that if you can say that, what is the impact of this strategy driving 
traffic in terms of quantitative numbers? Is the traffic is gone or any quantitative number 
you can share? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yeah, thank you first of all for joining the call. See traffic and on the value platform, see 
we have been doing value now for the last eight years, right? So it's not that we have 
started doing value because there's a downturn or it's just part of the way that QSR 
operates. They have a value, offering, they have a premium offering, and then they have 
the core menu, which is a laddered menu. So this is not specifically because the market is 
down or so forth. In fact, you see both the competitors, both the companies in the burger 
sector, both reported a higher traffic. And that's got to tell you more about the market. 
There's a higher traffic out there, especially to our burger business. 
So I don't think that's an issue or that's a downturn. You will have a month here, a 
downturn. For example, when you have Shravan going on, you will have every Monday 
will be down because most people are fasting on that day. And then, this year we have 
two Shravans, two months of Shravan versus, every 10 years, I think, instead of just having 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
one month of Shravan, you have two months of Shravan. So all these nuances come and 
go. 
But generally, the way we are seeing it is, we did 2 for 50, and then we did the Stunner 
Menu, and now we're doing the INR99 menu. You can see that we have only kind of done 
value at a higher price point, right? Not at the INR50 for 2, now we are at INR99. So I think 
the strength of the market is there and all information out there in the market industry is 
that it's going to continue to grow at double digit numbers, especially the chain 
restaurants, both in Indonesia and India are going to be growing significantly faster than 
the entire food industry. 
So, we are confident on that, that's why the growth that we have planned for this year 
and then for the next two years as we kind of make our way to 700 restaurants. 
Management: 
 
Kapil, you want to add anything else? 
Kapil Grover: 
No, just to add to what Raj already shared, consumers will continue to seek value for 
money or as they call it, worth it. We are not just offering value at the INR99, we continue 
to have a very balanced menu. We actually were able to sustain volumes of every layer of 
a menu through the promotion. So wherever consumers find that the price they're paying 
for and what the experience they're getting or the product they're getting is worth it, they 
will continue to sort of invest and grow that brand. 
Soham Samanta: 
That's helpful Kapil, but again, I'm asking quantitatively, what is the traffic growth, which 
has happened? Or maybe if you can say, or spell it out, what is the MAU growth, we have 
seen? 
Management: 
So, we don't share traffic data on a quantitative basis, only on the percentage basis is, 
what we share. 
Management: 
Yes, as I shared, we have seen Dine-in traffic growth in excess of 10% in quarter one. 
Soham Samanta: 
Okay. My second question on Indonesia, I think it's heartening that Sandeep has done a 
lot of efforts, but what is it that impact, we will see? Because today with 10 stores in 
Popeyes, you can't really guess, what kind of ADS we'll see. And obviously as compared to 
BKI, the ADS is double. But I'm just curious, is the BKI will show the higher growth or 
Popeyes will see the higher growth? Because obviously, Popeyes has a more relevant 
menu in terms of local population. So when you run 25 stores, what kind of ADS, we can 
expect?  
Management: 
Yes, so first of all, let me just kind of tell you that, the Indonesian market, very similar to 
India market, it continues to grow. The chain restaurants are projected to grow at 16% 
each year for the next five years, right? So that is the expectation of that market generally, 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
right? So in that market, and that's why it's such an exciting market for us to grow in there 
and establish this business. 
We have now got access, our company has got access to two great markets, India and 
Indonesia. So we were there at the right time, we did the deal, we got access to this 
market. Now we have two strong brands to build there. Now Burger King, look at this, the 
last year, as we were turning around, as Sandeep was putting in all these things like the 
menu, the back to basics and so forth, as he was doing it, he got a 1.7% jump in SSSG. 
Now that was completed by the end of last year and then this first quarter of this year, he 
jumped up 5.5% again SSSG on top of that, right? And that SSSG is on top of all the 
restaurant, the dine-in traffic that is coming in. The ADS went up from 17 plus to 19 plus 
million, right? So we know that, that business is now on track because all the elements 
have been fixed. 
The menu has been fixed, the restaurant's been fixed, the operations, the team, 
everything has been, all in place. And over the last four quarters, five quarters, I've been 
talking to you about all these things, we were doing, and now they're complete, and we 
are now marketing it and getting the product out. 
Now, the Popeyes story is fantastic because, you saw we started off at, 50 million kind of 
ADS on those restaurants and we were doing those are the launch ADS. When we opened 
the restaurant, the whole town was there in the first day. Now, of course, we have settled 
down to between, 40 million kind of business over there. And this is a stable business 
moving forward. 
And as we build these restaurants, just imagine in a chicken market, 25 restaurants is a 
drop in a bucket, right? There's a journey towards 300 restaurants, we're going to build 
there. Both these businesses are strong businesses. We have opened several of these 
Burger Kings along with Popeyes together and we have seen that, that is a winning 
combination. They're doing really well. 
Even the latest, the last restaurant, the 11th Popeyes, we opened was a joint restaurant 
with Burger King and two together are doing a fantastic job sharing, rents, sharing a lot of 
our capex and so forth, and delivering some very high volume on either side. So, it's a 
winning combination. 
You will see, now, entirely will we build them that way? No, but we will try to see, 
wherever the opportunity exists to combine those two restaurants and put them 
together, so we can supervise them better, we can get the inventory to them at a cheaper 
price and so forth and deliver those values. I hope both your questions to that were 
answered on this.  

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sorry to interrupt Mr. Samanta, we request you to rejoin the question queue 
for follow-up questions as there are several participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. 
Our next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Good morning, sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. I just have one question on our 
SSSG guidance. So this year for India business, we are, we have maintained our guidance 
of around 10% SSSG. In quarter one, the SSSG stood at around 3.5% and Q2 because of 
the extended shower season and demand is yet to recover fully. So Q2 is also expected to 
be little on the moderate side. So considering that, the second half should be quite strong 
for us to achieve double-digit kind of efficiency. So can you just help me on that line? 
Management: 
I agree with you and we completely concur with you. Also, you get into October, we have 
the Cricket World Cup coming up in India. Plus, interestingly for us, because we have a 
fairly decent mall portfolio. The malls have now begin to do well because of the way, the 
movies are doing. So overall as I said, had we seen a significant challenge to this, we would 
have probably gone and corrected that SSSG. As you move forward month on month, the 
cohort of a store perspective, it also changes and more store coming to the SSSG bucket. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks. And just one question on the value offering. So this value offering would help us 
to achieve incremental footfalls, as you said. And you don't expect it to be a gross margin 
kind of a dilutive, if your number of transactions or number of footfalls increase. So that 
is the reason, why you don't expect gross margins to dilute this particular strategy or there 
would be a mixed improvement, which should help to negate the impact because of the 
increase in sales of the value offering. 
Management: 
Yes, so Prashanth was saying earlier, if we've been doing this value offering, we would 
probably be way past 67% right now, right so. You're taking some of that gross margin and 
invested into this traffic, right? But we have a lot of work streams right now in play. And 
some of the work streams you will see over the next two quarters coming because they 
were already put in place. 
The benefits of that are going to start coming in now. And then some of the work streams 
will go in next quarter, which will bring benefits into the next balance of the year, right? 
So we are very confident that, as far as the gross margin, we have always been on the 
money on this. If you go back and look at all the quarters, since we went public, every 
single time, we report better or stable gross margins because we have built a good kind 
of infrastructure to deliver that and we continue to do that. 
By the way, just remember, our gross margin includes paper products, it includes food, it 
includes complete distribution, secondary and primary. Everything is in there. So it's 
something that, we believe strongly in, and we will continue our journey towards 67%, 
and then we'll give you guidance for the next two years, three years post that. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Management: 
Just to add to what Raj mentioned. I guess because of the 10% traffic growth that the 
team spoke about a lot of focus has been because of the 99, but Kapil mentioned 
extensively in his commentary that, for us, value is one pillar. Building Whopper and 
premium King's collection is also a very important part of our menu architecture, right? 
As you come into the festive period, you will see Whopper coming to television. So, what 
I'm trying to say is, our product mix also spans across a premium menu, which is very, very 
strong at Burger King and we will continue to invest and build this. With coffee 
incrementally beginning to show its presence is, where we feel that, we will be able to 
deliver the gross margin guidance of 67% despite the 99 offering. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks and all the best for the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead with your question, sir. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, thanks so much for the opportunity. I had a question on your store-level EBITDA 
margins in India, which is somewhere about 8% odd. If you could just share over the next 
three years, four years, how will the journey be for this store-level margin? So you did give 
a lot of indication of your growth, SSSG, and store additions. 
But also, if you could share how the store-level margins should behave in the next three 
years, four years, and how much time, we should reach probably mid-teens or higher 
teens kind of number. And just a follow up there, so if you could also kind of explain, what 
could be the levers, so productivity, gross margin as you mentioned, will also be 
improving, so what could be the levers of that? Thank you so much. 
Management: 
So Aliasgar, as you know, and people, who have been listening to our calls, we don't guide 
on restaurant margins. We don't guide on company level EBITDA margin. However, 
because you have enough history of a lot of the QSR plates, you will understand. A lot of 
the operating leverages is very directly linked to the growth in ADS. 
We have shared with you our SSSG guidance for this year and our long-term SSSG guidance 
of about 8%. If you overlay this to the ADS number that we have shared, you will get a 
sense in terms of the operating leverage that will kick in, which will expand our store 
EBITDA margins and our company EBITDA margin. So from that perspective, I don't want 
to go beyond this, and if you will, for some reason, understand where we are kind of 
coming from. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understand. No, this is helpful. I know the question, I was asking is more from that point 
of view that productivity-wise, see, because we have a smaller store related to some 
competition. So productivity-wise, where would you benchmark yourself today? And how 
much scope do you see that improvement basically in the next three years, four years? 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Management: 
Just to let you know, there is no restriction on our stores to do any kind of ADS right now. 
So we are not building small stores. Our average size is about 2,400 square feet, right? So 
we don't have any constrictions coming in from that. So we're not worried about that. 
Traffic is coming in slowly into our restaurants because like I said, 91 stores that build in 
the back of this Q1 FY ‘23 to Q1 FY ‘24. 
Those 91 stores usually take a little while to kick and get speed up and then they hit the 
average and then some of them go way beyond the average. So this is what it is, right? 
The SSSG guidance is for this year, then there you have SSSG long-term guidance. You 
know that our gross margin continues our journey to 67% and then beyond. You know 
that labor is more kind of a fix to a variable expense, so that keeps shrinking as the 
productivity goes up. 
All the other expense except variable rent, will become a lower percentage of margin 
efficient. So you should be able to guide that. But to make a forward looking on the growth 
on the margins of the restaurants, probably won't be proper for us to do. But you 
understand the model and you've seen other concepts of year that have been there for 
30 years. You should be able to put all this together and kind of make your guidance over 
there. If you have any other questions as you're doing this, feel free to call Prashant or 
Sumit and we'll be happy to help you.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Absolutely, No, this is very, very detailed and helpful. Thank you so much. Just last one 
question is on BK Cafe. I wasn't very clear, so the incremental sales it is doing is about 
8000 right but overall is about 15,000. Can you just explain that point? So is overall in a 
cafe about 15% contribution is coming from BK Cafe. Is that understanding correct? 
Management: 
See the reason we also -- we're kind of a little bit strict on ourselves right. We can just 
report 15,000 ADS, 16,000 ADS and so forth. But, every time we sell, a cafe, sometimes it 
cannibalizes not buying a soda. So then we take the difference between the price of the 
soda and the soda as in, CSG carbonated drink versus the cafe price, and we only report 
that as incremental sales, right? 
So while our ADS has now grown up to over 15,000 per store per day. By the way, a lot of 
these cafes are new. They've not even got a quarter behind their belt, right? Not even a 
quarter behind their belt. So when we report 15,000, we generally, half of that is 
incremental, the other half is potentially cannibalizing something else, the person could 
have purchased, which they have opted to switch to Cafe. I hope that makes it clear. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. This is very clear. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Hi, good afternoon sir. First question is on the Indonesian business. Since we are down to 
169 stores, just wanted to understand on the BK side, how many more stores do we plan 
to rationalize there? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. It's not a lot. I mean we're looking at single-digit number of stores. We have basically 
rationalized the portfolio. We are just working on a few of them. We'll probably be 
successful. The reason we can't give you the numbers, we are trying to keep them all open, 
right? We're trying to negotiate rents down.  
And if you do then we'll keep them all open, if you're not able to, then we'll rationalize a 
few of them. A good part of Indonesia is its turnaround, right? We have worked -- we put 
in a year. We put in a -- we fixed all the stuff. We put it all in place. Now it's all turned 
positive. It gave a whole year of positive SSSG. Now it's double that -- more than double 
that SSG positive for the first quarter.  
Sandeep’s got a great team. He's a great leader. He's building a strong business over there 
and then coupled with Popeyes, I mean, Popeyes are coming in and doing a great job. So, 
we are very, very confident with the business there. I always was, I mean, today, we 
purchased this to two date, I completely and very confident this is a strong business in the 
long run because the market is very strong, right? So, both these businesses, we continue 
to drive in the northward direction.  
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And on the innovation side, as you mentioned that the strategy -- strategic 
initiatives on the menu side is done with the chicken menu and we are also introducing 
the range of desserts and also value offerings. So, just wanted to understand on the ADS 
side, currently, we are at around 180 million IDRs, 190 million IDRs. So when do we see 
the -- what is the ideal target for the Indonesian Burger King ADS? 
Prashant Desai: 
Yes. We are not guiding currently, as you know, on the Indonesian business because we 
just, over the last 6 months made all the strategic changes or big picture internal target 
and what we have shared with you guys is to ensure that we break even this business, 
which will be INR100 crores string from last year.  
We are now seeing some stabilization coming back on the BK Indonesian side, as you 
know, we reported at 19.4 million ADS. But today to sit here and guide will be a little tough 
for us. Just give us another couple of quarters once we kind of get a bit of true sense in 
terms of the visibility, we will come and revisit this over the next 2 quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to our next question. Our last question for today's question-and-
answer session comes from the line of Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Nirmal Bang. Please 
go ahead. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: 
Yeah, can you hear me? 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
Prashant Desai: 
Yes Krishnan. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: 
Yeah Prashant, there was a mention of building relevance and credibility of the chicken 
menu in BKI. And here, the aim initially was to increase the proportion of chicken and 
reduce the proportion of mutton in Indonesia. How -- what is the stage of progress that 
has been made over the last year and where do you intend to be from a year time? 
Rajeev Varman: 
Yes. So, first of all, it's not a mutton. It is a beef over there. So they sell beef and then they 
sell chicken. If you look at the market generally, where the burger players, there's a few 
burger players there, 70% of their sales is chicken and 30% of their sales is usually in the 
beef sector. So, that's generally where the industry is.  
In Burger King as we took the business over, where we saw the opportunity was, we saw 
that the chicken business was at about 30%, and the beef business was at about 70%. Now 
we're not trying to decrease the 70% beef business. I think we actually want to grow that 
business as well because we are a leader in delivering Whopper, and we are the leader in 
burger taste and quality all around the world as we are known for it.  
So, there's no intention in decreasing that portion, we will continue to increase that 
portion. But if you look at the pie, you will find that slowly as the chicken because we did 
not have both the chicken element, right? We only had one, which is a classic chicken, but 
wasn't really classic wasn't really spicy, it was sitting somewhere in between those.  
So, now we have a proper classic for those that don't like spicy products and even for the 
kids we have a classic version. And then the Spicy version, which really kicked off and 
started doing really well is on generating new people coming in that never had that spicy 
version. So, you will see that this 30% portion will start to grow, and it will not grow at the 
expense of the 70% beef business.  
But as it grows, you will find a proportion of the pie will be more evenly split. My 
conversations with Sandeep and Sandeep is on the call as well is the first step is to make 
sure that at least we start selling 50% of our portfolio as chicken. So, we'll start working 
towards that and then beyond that. I don't know, Sandeep, if you want to add anything 
else. 
Sandeep Dey: 
I just want to add one thing. If you actually walk into a restaurant, you would see the way 
the consumer is actually consuming this chicken. So, I said in our presentation that chicken 
actually is fried chicken is a staple food here. So, what is happening is they are buying 
burgers and adding a piece of chicken on to their meals.  
So, the chicken incidence is just coming as an incremental incidence without 
compromising or cannibalizing our burger sales. And that is how actually the overall 

 
restaurant brands asia limited 
(Formerly known as Burger King India Limited) 
Registered office : Unit Nos. 1003 to 1007, 10th Floor, Mittal Commercia, Asan Pada Road, Chimatpada, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 059 
CIN: L55204MH2013FLC249986 | info@burgerking.in | Tel : 022-7193 3000 | Website : www.burgerking.in 
 
business is increasing. So, that's the beauty of this market having a combination of burger 
and chicken as the overall portfolio. I hope that answers to your question Krishnan. 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: 
That's useful. Any time line of what Raj mentioned roughly equal contribution from 
chicken and burgers maybe it's a 1.5 years, 2 years, 3 years? Would you like to hazard a 
guess there? 
Sandeep Dey: 
Sorry, Raj. At this moment I can tell you is during the campaign period actually our chicken 
portfolio almost reached to the tune of about 50%, right and then after that, we are 
stabilizing, but we have moved the base, and I actually said in my presentation that the 
overall chicken incidents from the pre-campaign period to post-campaign has gone up by 
about 25%. So, it's not going to take a long period of time is all I can tell you at this 
moment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of our question-and-answer 
session. Due to time constraint, that was the last question of our question-and-answer 
session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Prashant Desai: 
Thank you, everybody, for taking the time and joining us. I know we've not got a sense to 
answer everybody's question. As you know, my e-mail is on the presentation, feel free to 
write an e-mail if you have any further questions on this, and we'll be happy to answer. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth Management, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
