 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: Jain Plastic Park, N.H.No. 6, Bambhori, Jalgaon – 425 001. India.                  
       Tel: +91-257-2258011; Fax: +91-257-2258111; E-mail: jisl@jains.com; Visit us at: www.jains.com 
CIN: L29120MH1986PLC042028 
JISL/SEC/2023/05/B-2/B-6 
 
 
 
 
 
31st May, 2023 
 
To, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd., 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda 
Building, P. J.  Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Fax No.022– 22723121/22722037(Day) 
022-22721072 (Night)   
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,   
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Fax No. : 022-26598237/38 
Email : cc@nse.co.in 
 
 
Ref : Code No. 500219 (BSE) & JISLJALEQS (NSE) for Ordinary Equity Shares 
Code No. 570004 (BSE) & JISLDVREQS (NSE) for DVR Equity Shares 
 
 
Sub: Transcript – Q4 and FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcript of Q4 and FY2023 Earnings Conference Call held on 
29th May, 2023 at 2.30 pm. 
 
 
Please take the above on record and acknowledge. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jain Irrigation Systems Limited, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A. V. Ghodgaonkar 
Company Secretary 
 
AVDHUT 
VASANT 
GHODGAONK
AR
Digitally signed by AVDHUT VASANT 
GHODGAONKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=b8f331f512bd03de8efff4b3f64d13
5cb46f74c58815e29edee5911bcc3ffd61, 
postalCode=425001, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=824384b5181cddb68de057d
d1684b25fa216f2a759e9d36733bf5121ce2a
601c, cn=AVDHUT VASANT GHODGAONKAR 
Date: 2023.05.31 16:11:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
Q4 FY’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL JAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS 
LIMITED  
 
MR. BIPEEN VALAME – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
JAIN IRRIGATION SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHWINI TRIVEDI – KR CHOKSEY SHARES AND 
SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Limited Q4 and FY23 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by KR Choksey Shares and Securities Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Ashwini Trivedi from KR Choksey Shares and Securities. Thank you and over to you, Ms. 
Trivedi. 
Ashwini Trivedi: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
Earnings Call to discuss the Q4 and FY23 results. Today we have on call Mr. Anil Jain, CEO 
and Managing Director, and Mr. Bipeen Valame, the Chief Financial Officer. We must remind 
you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking statements that may 
involve known and unknown risk, uncertainties, and other factors and must be therefore viewed 
in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
Future results, performance, or achievement may differ significantly from what is expressed and 
implied by such forward-looking statements. Please note the results and presentations are 
available on the exchange and our company's website. I now request Mr. Anil Jain Mehta to take 
us through the company's business outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. I would like to welcome everybody for today's on call. The fourth quarter and for 
the entire year, the company has made a lot of positive progress. If we really focus quickly first 
on the overseas transaction which we completed almost on the last day of March, we have been 
able to help significantly reduce the debt to the tune of almost INR28 billion because we did this 
transaction. It has also helped us to improve net worth by approximately 1,500 crores.  
That was the second major thing it has helped us. It has taken care of the corporate guarantees 
which were given to the overseas bondholders and other loans to the tune of $300 million, which 
appeared as contingent liability in our books. So that is now fully relinquished. When we had 
announced the transaction in June, it was subject to certain antitrust approvals by various 
government authorities around the world. It took some time, almost close to nine months, to get 
that whole process completed. 
During this period, we had to pay a little bit more to bondholders, so that has resulted in less 
equity. So we had announced in June that we are likely to have closer to about approximately 
22% plus minus equity into the merged company. Instead, I think we are closer to 18.7% and 
that reflects the additional debt payment, and a small amount of reduction into the enterprise 
value than what was announced in June. But that is behind us now. 
The transaction has been successfully completed and the new merged co., headquartered 
between Singapore and Israel, will continue to operate and run its business with the professional 
management and between Temasek and Jain as two shareholders, main shareholders into the 
company. The company is expected to continue to grow and post that growth, maybe three years 
or so, directional thought process between shareholders is that we should make an attempt at 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
possibly listing of that entity. But it is too early to say when, how and what. But directionally, 
that is where that will go. 
So over the next two to three years, we are expecting both as shareholders that this company will 
continue to grow. It will also create additional synergies between merger and improve its 
earnings apart from the revenue growth by using both companies' product lines. The last part of 
this transaction is that we will continue to supply certain products to this entity from perspective 
of exports. This company will take our product and distribute that around the world. India 
business would directly only deal with India as well as the subcontinental countries like 
Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and so on, about four or five countries. 
And company would also be able to participate directly in any government of India or Ex-Im 
Bank related irrigation projects outside India, which are usually backed by letter of credit. So 
that's with the merger of our OCS irrigation business. It has been very successful and we are 
very happy that we could conclude it in right time. And it would allow now management to 
focus more back on to big business in India as well as other businesses which we have. Another 
important event in the March quarter for which we are reviewing on this concord was that we 
completed one year of the restructuring. 
The restructuring of the company with the lenders in India was signed on 25th March 2022 and 
25th March 2023 we completed one year. And as per the RBI rule, the banks have a choice and 
ability to upgrade the account post completion of 12 months. And in our case, prerequisite to 
that is that rating agencies should also treat the company's credit as investment rate. And I'm 
happy to inform that CRISIL and ICRA both, you know, upgraded the company's rating to 
investment rate triple B minus by end of March. 
And the banks thereafter have been able to also certify the account as a standard asset. What that 
means is that banks, no bank has any provision against all the loans they have lent to the 
company. And company's accounts are standard. Company is currently servicing all the debt on 
the due date. And overall we feel comfortable that going forward also we do not expect any 
issues in our ability to honor all the debt obligations. 
So there has been, I think, second biggest and most important thing which has happened in this 
quarter that company's assets have become standard with the banks as well as with the rating 
agencies and company's account has been standard and current. The third important part of this 
overall what happened in is that the business has done very well. Our underlying revenue has 
grown almost about 39%. And when I'm speaking this is standalone business in India. Hi-Tech 
division grew about 27% and plastic division grew actually about 56% based on good orders on 
the Jal Jeevan mission initiative being run by the government. 
In terms of this is standalone but if you look at also console performance and so standalone 
business is Hi-Tech agri-division and plastics division. When we talk about console that would 
mean addition of the food business which we had as well as overseas part of the plastics. So 
overall that business has grown this quarter 27% from INR1,372 crores to INR1,745 crores. And 
individual businesses, Hi-Tech is mostly India only, so it is about 26%. Plastic is 45 and agri-
processing grew at about 7.5% in the quarter. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Now when we look at this, because the fourth quarter is the last quarter of the year, you also 
look at the annual numbers. The revenue growth for standalone business has been about 28% 
from INR2,800 crores to INR3,600 crores. So almost addition of INR800 crores in the overall 
revenue in India basis where about 24% growth was in Hi-Tech which includes micro-irrigation 
tissue culture and 36% growth came into plastic which is pipes, mostly pipes in India. For 
console business we grew by 21.4% from INR4,700 to about INR5,700 crores. So let's say we 
have added about INR1,000 crores. 
Again Hi-Tech had grown about 24, plastics 28 and agri-processing for the whole year grew 
about 12% to about INR1,665 crores as against last year's 1483. So all in all good sector growth 
across all the divisions and all the businesses and we believe this level of growth which we have 
achieved on, you know, while for the console year we grew only about 21% but overall we 
expect current year FY24 we would be expecting to do better than the last year even though last 
year was also very good across the board. 
In terms of revenue. This revenue growth which we have got has come through a lot of new 
business in what we call retail. So let's say in Hi-Tech agri-division we sell our products to 
farmers by our dealers that's what we call retail and retail has much lower footprint in terms of 
working out cycle. So our receivables are very nominal when we sell to the dealers because 
almost we are collecting in advance maybe a few days of credit. So that allows us to improve 
the cash flow, grow the business but do not need any additional debt. So that's what our focus 
would remain even in FY24. 
Public business there are two parts the PVC is again with the similar terms where we almost 
receive advance from the dealers but then there is a polyethylene pipe business which will go 
into the JJM as well as to other people. Institutional business what we call it and there the 
receivable cycle can be up to 90 days but that's also very important part of our overall business. 
Now our effort going forward in FY24 and as you would see from our investor presentation 
which we have shared on our website that we are trying to significantly bring down working 
capital cycle. 
And for standalone India business it had come down to about 250 days as against 314 and for 
consult business the networking capital is at about approximately 197 before adjusting the 
accounts receivable from the merge flow because that is expected to definitely come through in 
the current year. In April we actually already received about INR135 crores. So again the idea 
and thought process is to further improve the working capital as we will move along in the 
current fiscal year. 
While for the growth of the business the absolute amount of inventories might go up a little bit 
but receivables because we will be collecting more receivables from the government when the 
as we complete the project between current FY24 and FY25 those receivables will keep coming 
down and that would help us that any additional working capital we need for closer to 30% 
revenue growth for FY24 can already come from recovery of the old receivable and therefore 
we do not need any additional capital and we will still based on the cash flow generation we are 
expecting and you know good growth we are still expecting that the debt of course go down to 
the tune of closer to about INR600 crores approximately. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Now when we look at the debt what is the current debt of the company that is a very important 
issue for all the stakeholders. So there is a debt in India so standalone balance sheet and then 
there is a debt overseas. So combined net debt now is approximately 3,581 as of March 23. This 
debt as I said we are expecting the debt to go down and the actual repayment would be there to 
the tune of close to 600. So let's say we are expecting FY24 debt would be closer to 
approximately INR3000 crores that's where we would intend to go. 
The current debt which we have this INR3,581 crores we have there are two parts to that debt. 
There is a working capital debt to the tune of almost INR2,200 crores across all businesses. Now 
that is a normal interest-bearing debt. Then remainder about you know it's approximately around 
INR1,500 and odd crores of a term debt across different businesses which is there. Now part of 
this is interest bearing which we have to you know and it will fall due for repayment over the 
next few years and we need to pay that off. 
And part of that is during the restructuring part of unsustainable debt was converted into 0% 
NCTs. Now these NCTs are due actually to be repaid in FY27 and FY28. But under the 
restructuring agreed with the bank as we collect some of the overdue receivables they need to 
be used to repay these NCTs. So kind of pre-paying those as we collect these receivables. So we 
are expecting maybe another INR300 crores or so of these NCTs would get pre-paid in FY24. 
In terms of the interest outflow actual cash outflow of the interest is expected around INR310 
crores, INR320 crores that is interest plus finance charges of running the business. And however 
when you look at our FY24 P&L you might see that figure is higher by about 60 crores. And the 
reason for that is that this is a non-cash adjustment of the fair value. So because NCTs are at 0% 
and they are payable over a longer period of time of 27, 28. Under the accounting standards 
when we account for those NCTs in the books you put them at a lower value. 
And then every year as you go closer to the time period when they are going to be settled you 
keep adding that much cost at the interest level into P&L. That's how accounting standards work. 
So there would be that amount which will come as part of the finance cost but that's not a real 
cash outflow. That's merely a book entry which is there. And we will be putting up precise 
calculation and details of this also on our website so that there is a full collection of investors in 
terms of what exactly that means on impact it has on actual cash flow. Because no particular 
cash outflow is linked to that higher interest cost. 
As a company then if I move a little bit more beyond this now. As a company you know the 
main business which we are, what we are trying to do over the last couple of years is to rejuvenate 
our dealer network, strengthen them, work with them more closely because that's the one where 
working cycle as I said is far better. And also company can improve its earnings by selling more. 
So we, and that's where a lot of growth has come through last year. So current year also we will 
remain focused on that. 
We'll remain focused on opening more dealers in you know areas where we are not there. 
Traditionally we have been more in western and southern India and now we are improving more 
in north and northeast. In terms of the, that's for mostly for irrigation. Same thing applies to 
OPVC pipe business where we sell pipes to the farmers. Some of the pipes as I said which go 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
into drinking water applications and other applications. That's an institutional business and that 
we do already across India. Overall order book is at INR2,300 crores across all business 
segments. 
You know earlier when we used to have the government projects the order book used to be much 
larger but we have stopped taking new government projects. That's why you see the order book 
sizes come down but a lot of our business comes from the dealers and they do not typically 
provide orders for the six months or a year. Those are monthly orders right. You receive order, 
you supply, you consume and so on. So the mere number of INR2,300 crores does not directly 
signify the company's ability to do the business. Business is coming on a continuous basis in 
that major part of the business segment going forward. 
But overall we feel fairly comfortable to say that about 30% revenue growth we should achieve 
for the business we are continuing, excluding the business, which has been taken off. So I think 
maybe I can stop there in overall. And for the next year, I think, we as a company while we are 
looking to bring down debt by INR600 crores, our company would have approximately about 
INR175 crores of capex. I think about INR75 crores of that is pure capex related to maintenance 
and about INR100 crores would be the growth capex. The growth capex where we are investing 
would come mostly for two specific parts of the business. 
In a piping side, we are investing more into fittings, which would allow us to sell pipes also into 
urban areas and into building construction, residential buildings and so on. And the remainder 
about INR50 crores would be invested to build additional capacity in our tissue culture business. 
Our tissue culture business, while it is small today but we are seeing a lot more demand coming 
from farmers, and we are also adding a little bit more capacity for additional products. So 
traditionally in tissue culture we have done mostly banana, then pomegranate, strawberry, these 
three or four crops. But we have over the last few years through R&D, we have added potatoes, 
we have added sweet orange, papaya, we are doing mango and there are some more products in 
pipeline. 
So we need to make some investments into that business. Banana also our existing product line 
we are planning to double our capacity, because we are seeing sustained demand from the 
farmers in that business. And payback on this investment on tissue culture should be about two 
and a half years; in plastic piping maybe it is closer to three years. So those would help us to 
sustain high double-digit growth going forward. 
In terms of overall capacity utilization, our main business is normal business of drip irrigation 
or the pipes. I think currently we are at about closer to 60% and we think between FY '24 and 
FY '25 with the kind of growth I am talking about, we might be able to hit closer to about 85%. 
That’s our thought process as we speak. So company’s do not have to do big plans in terms of 
the new capex. 
One thing I would like to urge all stakeholders that our company's business sometimes can 
become very seasonal. It partly depends on monsoon, partly depends on the rain or whatever 
else. And it is usually back loaded, so large amount of business and earnings come from the 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
second half rather than first half of the year. That is just the nature of the business. So it is very 
difficult for company to say each quarter, we will do so much and so much. Or if you are tracking 
based on quarter, you cannot just multiply by four times to arrive at the annual result. That may 
then paint a wrong conclusion or wrong picture overall. 
So if you look at risks to this plan, which I am talking about, they are always about polymer 
prices, which is one of our main raw material. And there we see that the environment may remain 
benign in terms of availability of material. So there is some new production capacities coming 
up in India. On the polyethylene side, on PVC side with China slowing down, Europe and USA 
also slowing down, there could be enough availability. And so by all experts whom we talk to 
or we see the market trend, it is expected at least between now and December things will remain 
subdued. Of course this is barring any unforeseen geopolitical events, which we do not know of 
today. 
I think that is where we are right now. And I would now like to open the floor for questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Avinash Nahata from Parami 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I hope I’m audible? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, Yes, Yes. Please. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. Anil ji, we would want you to spend one minute more on the kind of supply arrangement 
we have with the merged Rivulis with the standalone Jain. What is the size of the new entity and 
what kind of business, if you can, even if it is a range, can we expect from the new entity? Once 
you answer this, I have two more questions. Thank you. 
Anil Jain: 
Sure. So, you know, the size of the MergeCo is approximately, I think, about $700 million, $750 
million on day one. And we are anticipating in the first year, approximately they would buy from 
us maybe about $30 million of that from us. Of course, they will add their margin and sell. So, 
but we are expecting in terms of exports of $30 million. 
Now over a period of time, it would be our intention that they should buy more from us. I think 
there is understanding between us and them that they would also like to buy more from India, 
because as long as India can be cost competitive. And -- but this is a new merge company, right? 
So there were parts of Jain who are part of that company, who were also earlier buying them that 
is easier. 
The new part, which has come into the merger, the original Rivulis part, those people need to 
become comfortable with this new product line, the cost, and usually the different brand, 
different -- all of those things. So that would take some time to work that out. But I think starting 
point is at least to look at $30 million in year one. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So you're saying when -- so when we're expecting a growth of 30%, so you are basically from 
this merge entity, we are just taking $30 million into account, correct? 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, Yes. So most of the growth we are assuming is actually coming from the business in India. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. And is there a finite arrangement in the terms that -- is this a 10-year supply arrangement 
or something like that? 
Anil Jain: 
No, this is a long-term supply agreement. I think 10 years or more, that's not an issue. But these 
numbers we will look at on a yearly basis. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. My second question is on receivers, although you have said that you will shed more on 
the retail channel. So what is that we used to do four, five years back, and we did not do retail, 
and which increases our ability to do retail as of now, which will release more cash into your 
system, if you can spend some time on this? 
Anil Jain: 
Sure. So I'll answer that question. But on your earlier question, see, last year, our sales to of 
irrigation items or substitute approximately INR200 crores. A $30 million means about INR250 
crores. So that would show about 25% of growth in the export number to the subsidiary. So that 
is just one clarity. 
In terms of, we -- okay, let me try and explain the type of businesses, which we do. So there are 
three parts to the businesses. And when I talk of irrigation, one when we sell to our dealers, 
dealer sells to the farmers and dealer pays us, right, and it is not connected with anything 
government or subsidy, etcetera. 
Now earlier, the three or four years ago, we used to provide to dealers as well under this model, 
up to 90 days, sometimes 150 days range of the credit, post difficulty and post-COVID period, 
we have changed that business model. And we are asking our dealers to actually pay upfront or 
as soon as delivery takes place, that can overturn. So that is improving the cash flow for the 
company. This is one part. 
Now there the dealers whom we have, we have had dealers for a long time, right? 20, 30, 35 
years. But we are opening up new geographies where we are also appointing dealers. So, for 
example, four years ago, we had almost no business in Northeast area. Right now, it's about 
INR40 crores or INR50 crores. 
The other states where we have very limited sales like UP, we expect this year to have again 44 
sales in UP and so on. So it is combination of rejuvenating or strengthening existing dealers, and 
also having more dealers into the new area. 
The second part of the business, which we did what we call government business, there are two 
parts to it. One is the project, where we took EPC projects. Now this EPC project was to get 
water from a given area, bring it to group of farmers, and I'm talking of 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 
farmers, 30,000 hectors, that kind of thing. And then also put drip or sprinkler onto their farm. 
So it was a combination of projects where water supply and then efficient water distribution on 
the farm. 
These projects, which we took from the government and at one time, I think total projects we 
had taken were INR4,000 crores, INR5,000 crores of size. They got delayed in implementation, 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
we were not getting paid in time. So many things happened and we decided that we do not wish 
to continue to take financial and political risk of these type of projects. And whatever projects 
we have taken in hand, slowly but surely, we are completing those, closing those and moving 
forward. And we expect all the existing pending projects should get completed over next maybe 
maximum 18 months to 24 months, but most of them in next 18 months. 
And those long receivables used to be there, won't be there now because as we complete the 
project we'll recover everything, what is outstanding and we are not doing that type of business. 
Other part of the drip irrigation business, which is what we call government is that in some states 
we do not have choice, but to place order through the government. That is how the government 
programs are run related to irrigation. And while government places their order on behalf of the 
farmer with the company and that's how the program runs. And there typically on an average 
one should assume at least 180 days. 
During last two, three years we have had significant delays from states like Andhra Pradesh, last 
year there was delays even from Gujarat, but most of the Andhra recoveries have been done and 
now we are almost current in terms of new business within that time period of less than 180 days 
is happening. 
So there also improvement has taken place in that so-called government business, but it would 
have a longer working capital cycle. So this is what I mean when I talk of the retail and we think 
there are enough states going forward over the next few years, which will continue to evolve, 
understand and appreciate usage of drip irrigation. It's not about just water saving, it's about 
productivity improvement. It does add value to the farmer's income. It can help them reduce the 
consumption of fertilizer and so on. That's what our focus is. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. One question relating to your receivables. As many receivables as it is as on date, which 
is the third channel you were talking about this government tender. Is any of these receivables 
disputed? 
Anil Jain: 
No, no, no. None of them are disputed. We don't, I mean, I think I would qualify that statement. 
We have one state where about INR100 crores or odd. That might go into arbitration, but as of 
now that discussion is still going on. But I would say 96%, 97% of receivables are good 
receivables. Whatever receivables we felt where could be disputed, where there are issues, there 
could be legal issues or whatever, we have already made adequate provisions in the book. So we 
do not anticipate in normal course any new provision against the receivables. What the net 
receivables you see on the books are all good receivables, which will be fully recovered. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So you're saying at some point of time in future, whether three months or six months, this should 
flow into the company? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, Yes. Especially the project related over next two years as we complete the project, they 
should flow back. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. So one question when you said INR600 crores is what is the ballpark number you are 
looking forward to repaying as far as FY '24 is concerned. It maybe also mention that there could 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
be a INR300 crores of NCD, which can get preponed due to some -- is this NCD linked to some 
of the receivables? Is it mapped through some of the receivables that if he comes then it will be 
repaid? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, yes, yes. It is linked with that. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. So this is INR600 crores plus INR300 crores, correct? 
Anil Jain: 
No. See on net basis, that -- so the NCDs is also a debt on the books that will go down and then 
other debt, which is there, which would be maybe another about INR300 and odd crores that 
would also get repaid. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. This INR600 crores, when you were talking about INR600 crores, this has that NCD 
INR300 crores component? 
Anil Jain: 
Yes, that includes that INR285 crores. 
Avinash Nahata: 
Yes, Yes, so understood. And one last question, if you can talk about the food processing 
business, your traditional mango pulping concentrate business, dehydration business. So you 
have spoken about only INR100 crores of growth capital and INR75 crores of maintenance 
capital with a new jams coming back in the market with bank facilities. What kind of growth we 
can see in the food processing business? That would be all from my side. 
Anil Jain: 
Okay. So just quickly I want to correct myself. When I talked about INR175 crores, that was for 
standalone. There would be additional about INR50 crores into consolidated numbers. So 
because there is a maintenance capex in the food as well, which is there. So overall it should be 
about INR225 crores in terms of capex. Second question, what was the actual questions on the 
food business in terms of growth? 
Avinash Nahata: 
Yes, Yes. So with, I mean, with new resources around the entire company, what is the kind of 
growth we can look forward to in the next three years in the food processing business? 
Anil Jain: 
So food business, if you break the food business, it's about INR650 crores out of India export 
and domestic sales, and about INR1,000 crores with the overseas subsidies in the food business. 
So that's about INR1,650 crores we did this year. 
We think, you know, because during last two, three years, again, with the kind of difficulties 
we're facing, our capex utilization was low, we did not have adequate working capital. We are 
seeing a good order flow from some of our B2B customers on the juice, beverage side, or even 
as the ingredient on the onion or garlic side. So we are confident of maintaining a growth rate 
for the overall business, about 20% plus. The India could be growing higher than 20%, but global 
basis, it will be growing also 20% plus. 
Avinash Nahata: 
So you're saying that this capacity was underutilized, because of working capital, you were not 
able to process as much, for players like Coca Cola, etc. 
Anil Jain: 
Last two, three years, that's correct. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Avinash Nahata: 
Okay. Thanks a lot and all the very best. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suraj Nawandhar from Sampada Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
Hello, sir. Good afternoon. 
Anil Jain: 
Good afternoon. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
Sir, what would be the sustainable EBITDA margins for the business? 
Anil Jain: 
So, you know, again, there are different, different divisions. Traditionally, drip irrigation, which 
is what is partly high-tech, our margins are around about 17%. The piping, which is 
comparatively low margin business, but also requires less amount of capital. We have been able 
to hit closer to double digit, about 8% to 10% over the last few years. 
The idea is we improve the capacity utilization going forward with better fixed cost absorption. 
And also as we use more capacity, we are buying larger quantities of raw material where we 
could get some volume. 
Our idea would be that about piping or plastic business, we could take to 12% going forward 
combined basis. So when you will combine these different -- and food is at about 12.5%, 13%. 
So when you combine all of the businesses put together, in a good year, you might be between 
14% and 15%. In a bad year, you might still be around 12%. 
So currently, our internal targets be closer to 14%. And as we are coming out through difficult 
time, where we are getting back market share on substantial basis, but at the same time also 
improving the cash flow. So when we are trying all the three things, right. So I think revenue 
growth is back. Margins are more sustainable now. And cash flow is also happening. So all these 
three is what we are looking to combine. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
So the operating leverage is going to be the major driver for the margin expansion. 
Anil Jain: 
Yes. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
Okay, and sir do you expect any further improvement in your working capital cycle? 
Anil Jain: 
So, there are, working capital cycle will definitely improve as I explained, as this government 
projects close and some of those old legacy receivables we get fully paid only after the closure 
of the project. That would bring down the overall receivable levels and that should definitely 
improve working capital cycle. Also, as company and as I said that we are now triple B minus, 
etc., would mean that we could get better supply credit, which would also help shorten the 
working out cycle or our net contribution into working capital would be less. In terms of 
inventory, while inventory might slightly go up an absolute amount, but let's say inventory goes 
up 10% but revenue is growing 30%. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
So, in terms of days outstanding against self-working capital cycle would shrink. So overall, I 
think at least this year, March ‘24 and March ‘25. In both years, I believe you will see a visible 
reduction and improvement into overall working health cycle. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
Okay, and sir, considering the elections that we have in this year, I have four to five state 
elections we have. So, do you expect any halt in tendering process or any changes over there?  
Anil Jain: 
As I said, we are not actually doing a lot of new government business, right? We are not going 
for government tenders and so on. So, there is no direct impact. But it is true that whenever 
elections are there in that given state or area, usually, six weeks before there are these guidelines 
or whatever. And that slows down the bureaucratic process or any process of farmers getting 
funds in their hand or whatever may happen in marketplace. But we have enough business now 
across India. So, if some states, things slow down, you can push your product somewhere else. 
That is one, and I think general elections are next year, sometimes in May. So overall, I'm talking 
still as of now, what we are planning to do current fiscal of FY’24. We don't anticipate, anything 
significant in terms of headwinds. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
Okay, and just the last question, can you throw some more bit light on the food processing 
business and give to the company so you can just explain your business model in the food 
processing business? 
Anil Jain: 
So, food processing business, it's a, we are, we buy a large amount of, for example, we buy a 
large amount of mangoes. We make pulp out of those mangoes and we supply to customers like 
Coca-Cola and other large global beverage companies in India and outside where they will make 
the juice out of it and sell. Other product lines are like onions or garlic for that matter, which 
we'll buy from farmers again, process those, create dry onion or garlic, which can go as an 
ingredient into, for example, Nestle is our customer, it can go into their product in ketchup or 
Maggi or in export markets as well. 
So, that's the business model. Typically, that has usually less receivable, it has more inventory 
because based on the season of the individual crops, like in mango season now as we speak, we 
have started processing mangoes. So, in the next 60 days we should process all the mangoes and 
then sell the mango pulp over a 12-month period. So, it is an elongated inventory holding cycle 
against the order. So, we already get before the season kind of orders from our customers that, 
okay, next one year please supply me such amount of X quantity. And then monthly basis there 
is off take. 
So that's how the business works. While primarily we are in mango and onion, but slowly but 
surely, we are adding other products more. We are now in banana, guava, papaya, tomato, 
pomegranate, garlic, so many other product lines which have started working and delivering 
revenue. But as of, I think, for FY’24, majority of revenue would still come from mango and 
onion. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
So, when we do these contracts, do we also get in contact with them over the rates or is it only 
the quantities that we get in contact with? 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Anil Jain: 
So, we get indicative contracts, right, in terms of quantity because you process the quantity that's 
what the need of the customer. So, customers are, duty-bound to evacuate the entire quantity. 
Most of the customers, these contracts are made kind of middle of the season by when you 
already know the raw material price. So, you don't take risk on it. With some customers, large 
customers, we have raw material plus contracts. So, whatever is the raw material price, it could 
go up or down, it is passed on to the customers. So by and large, I would say, 80% or more 
quantities we sell, 80 or even 90, I would say, we do not take any raw material commodity price 
volatility risk. 
Maybe it is 5% to 10% product which gets sold on spot where you might have some risk, but by 
and large, nature of the business, as it has evolved. Earlier we used to and, sometimes it really 
hit us badly. But I think over the last few years, it is more and more the entire industry is moving 
towards this kind of model because nobody can take that kind of a significant commodity 
volatility risk. 
Suraj Nawandhar: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pawan Yadav, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pawan Yadav: 
Yes, hi. So, I will have two or three questions. Very quick question. Question number one is that 
you have, while your revenue grew by just around 20% at the standalone basis, your other 
expenses have gone up significantly, almost doubled. So, can you explain what these other 
expenses essentially entails, wherein, I mean, those expenses have come by impacting the 
bottom line? 
Anil Jain: 
So, I think, first of all, revenue at standalone was about 28%, so from 2800 to 3600. Console is 
21%, so from 4,700 to 5,700. Most of the expenses which we have are actually linked to 
underlying business performance, so there is no significant change. The other expenses could 
also, I think other expenses would include some provisioning which have been done based on, 
what you call, we have this ECL model. And if I really look at quickly at the other expenses 
numbers, April to March for standalone business, in ‘21, ‘22, it was 646, now it’s 776. So, earlier 
it was 22.5%, now it is 20.5%. So actually percentagewise, you would see… 
Pawan Yadav: 
I was looking at the Q-On-Q number, the December quarter and then the March quarter number. 
Anil Jain: 
Okay, so I don't have comparison purely that would change. But if I have the fourth quarter 
numbers, if you look at other expenses again, INR216 crores was the same period last year, and 
now INR308 crores. But if you look at percentage to revenue, earlier period was 24.3 and now 
it is 21.9. So actually, they have gone down. 
Pawan Yadav: 
Sir, one more point that at the console level, if you remove all the exceptional items, including 
the revenue or the losses or anything, where exactly are we at the operating level in terms of 
profitability? If we remove all this gain from the revenue, stake sale and all, if we adjust at the 
console level, console level where were we in terms of capability? 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Anil Jain: 
So, at console level, in terms of numbers, if I remove all this one time, because this year this big 
transaction happened, so there are lots of these onetime issues related to accounting standards, 
corporate guarantees and that. So, we have cancelled those, so there was some gain related to 
that and so on. So, based on the operating performance, when we look at console level EBITDA 
for ‘23, our EBITDA is about INR730 crores. The actual finance cost for the last year was about 
340. This is I am talking cash outflow. You would see additionally INR70 crores, which was 70 
plus 40, which was amortization of the NCDs, but actual cash outflow was only 342, from 732. 
So that leaves and depreciation was about 236. So operating profit that way is about 150.  
Pawan Yadav: 
Understood. Thank you. Just one more, one last question. Most of the question is answered by 
you about Jain Farm Fresh. Now initially you were planning for an IPO for the Farm Fresh. Are 
there any plans, that's part A of the question, and part B, that during the last two or three years 
of the struggle, there could be some of your institutional clients who may not have been working 
with you or maybe cutting down on the business with you. Are there any improvements on that 
side that you now have compared to a higher number of institutional buyers and maybe the 
higher sort of quantum of the business that you are doing with them? And plus, are there any 
plans for the IPO as you move ahead or any stake feel in gen Farm Fresh to anybody to cut down 
on the debt that you did with the international business? 
Anil Jain: 
So, I think overall, we as a company and management are clear that as we move forward, as 
business grows, comes back to the growth, that it should not be debt-fueled growth. That we are 
very clear. And actual debt, wherever it is today, should keep coming down. That's another clear 
charter for us from our board. In terms of another value monetization event, let's say for the food 
business as you asked, as we have also an overseas private equity investor into food. Maybe 
down the lane, we need to go for IPO because that could possibly provide them the exit. But the 
timing related to IPO is partly linked to the market, market situation. 
Partly also linked to the underlying performance, whether it is robust enough to attract a good 
level of valuation, etc. And I think at least in the current year, we are not there. I think food had 
lost INR100 crores two years ago. It is back to profit now. So, I think this year, current year, it's 
profitable. So, we have covered that deficit and now it is, I think, in a much stronger trajectory 
going forward. So, as the business improves and if market conditions are there and the board of 
the company then decides including along with the input from our investor, private equity 
investor in that company, then I think we will go for IPO. 
And if we do, then of course it could be, it could further help us to reduce not only console debt 
by reducing the debt in food, but it might allow us to also give an opportunity for offer for sale 
and reduce the debt at the parent. 
So, that possibility exists. Question is, but I cannot be certain and I do not want to unnecessarily 
create some kind of speculation around timings of that or the size of that. In terms of underlying 
business, it is true that, we could not process enough quantities for last few years. And at that 
time, some of our customers reduced the quantities they were giving orders to us. But, we have 
a long relationship with most of these customers, almost more than 20 years now. All the global 
food 50 companies, one way or the other, we have a relationship. And they understand that this 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
was a temporary difficult period we went through apart from the COVID, our own issues. And 
that company has come back strong. 
The parent company is doing very well now. So, we are seeing actually signs where some of our 
customers are now this year for FY’24 are giving us orders which were, same as before ‘19, 
which we used to enjoy with them. So, I think we are back there now. But again, one has to wait 
for one year to really start getting things to use cliche fruits of all this work which we have done. 
Pawan Yadav: 
Perfect. Thank you very much and wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Anil Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sanjay Kohli from Goldstone Capital. Please go ahead.  
Sanjay Kohli: 
Yes. Good afternoon, Mr. Jain. Congratulations on, achieving all these fantastic improvements 
on most parameters. many, many thumbs up to you. I have, Yes. And great going. And we hope 
this that you keep consolidating. Just a couple of questions. One on your PVC on the plastics 
business. Now, recent prices have been very benign and you have mentioned that you have some 
visibility in them being benign. So, can we expect that going forward along with a lot of 
emphasis on the top line in this business, so pretty decent revenue expectations, that the margins 
will be maintained at these double digits or this 10%-11%?  
Anil Jain: 
Answer is unequivocally yes. I mean, and we hope that with better capitalization as business 
grows, we might be able to even improve. But I think our medium-term goal this year, next year, 
is closer to 12% on the plastic business. And as I said, traditionally in the past we have been 8% 
to 10%. And there was a period, right, we earned 10% or 10.5% or 11%. But it was not on 
sustained basis. Now where we are, we think on sustained basis we should have double-digit 
margins going forward. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Fantastic. And we have been talking to dealers here in the north and you had mentioned UP as 
an additional geography to your business. You see, the feedback from the market is that your 
product line is completely blown out. It’s just fantastic. But in the past you have not been 
deploying working capital towards the dealer network on the retail side, which is a great business 
as you explained. So, can we expect, because in the commentary it said that your business grew 
from south and western states significantly. Are we going to be emphasizing on the north as 
well? You mentioned northeast. To add to this dealer network and what would be the mix 
between projects and retail going forward? 
Anil Jain: 
So, as of right now the pending orders we have on the projects of the Drip Irrigation business 
and piping business put together, I think it is about INR900,000 crores is still left to be done. 
And that will get executed over the next two years. The retail business is one which is growing. 
Overall, let's say FY’24, almost INR3,000 crores of business will be retail business for us. Now, 
coming back to the question on western and southern states, though they have been traditionally 
states with, a little bit less water, right, availability. And therefore, it has been easier to push 
through the sale of the concept that with less water you can do better agriculture. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
In north it was difficult, but we are definitely seeing, we are doing very good business in 
Haryana, for example, in north. We have very solid plans in the current year in Rajasthan. UP 
for the first time for us as a state would cross INR50 crores. So, we have states, right, who are 
like Maharashtra this year alone as a single state, we would be crossing four figures, right, more 
than INR1000 crores, INR1,300-1,400 crores somewhere in that region for pipe and Drip put 
together, just retail sales. We have states like Andhra or Karnataka or Tamil Nadu, we are like 
INR200 crores in that state with Drip and pipe together. 
In northern states, there are a lot of states, we are like INR0 to INR50 here, not less than INR50 
here, most of them INR10 crores, INR15 crores like that, so comparatively less. But UP this year 
would be the first time we would be crossing INR50 crores. So, our idea is that each of states 
which is in INR0 to INR50 should move towards that INR50 to INR200 criteria and what is in 
INR200 should move to INR200 to INR500 and so on. So, we are deploying, within the 
organization a lot more resources to develop the dealer base in north, northeast and east, areas 
where we have comparatively weak presentation. 
Our product line, and I do not want to boost, but, if our products are available, most of the 
farmers would just like to buy Jain because there is nobody else who has that level of breadth 
and depth and the quality and consistency in terms of product. But at the same time, we, with 
the new business model, we do not wish to give open credit to dealers, etc., because then you 
are again subjecting to yourself to the same kind of situation, we got in two, three years ago, we 
do not want to do it. But we are getting now good dealers who are willing to invest, right, or 
willing to carry inventory, or willing to pay up front and take the product. 
As they see more and more, profitability, they can make, most of the agri-input products like 
fertilizers or pesticides, the distributors hardly make 3%- 4% margin. In Drip Irrigation, they 
have ability to make 10%, 12% margin. So, it is also attractive for them, but as long as they are 
willing to invest. So, some of these efforts is going to be a two-to-three-year effort, where you 
will see significant changes in terms of different zones in which we sell. But that push for now 
is definitely out there. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Okay, great. Mr. Jain, just two short questions which have short answers. One is on the overhead 
portion, the last two years you have gone through a major restructuring. And so, it would have 
cost you a lot of money to hire all these foreign consultants, lawyers, etc. Over the two-year 
period, I'm assuming about an amount of about close to INR100 crores per year. This is not 
going to be there going forward. And very quickly, I'll put the second question also. The overseas 
food business has done really well. How much of the revenue is attributable to the raging price 
inflation going on in Europe, which seems to be very sticky and how much to volume growth? 
I'm done here. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir. And congratulations.  
Anil Jain: 
Thanks. Those exceptional expenses will not be there. They were treated as exceptional expense, 
expenses related to restructuring. And they were indeed right. You are correct. They were about 
INR200, INR250 crores, including for the bondholders globally, etc., the amount of dollars we 
had to spend between the lawyers and the courts and all of that. And those will not be there going 
forward from the current year. In terms of second question, food inflation is there, but actually, 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
we had to use downtime, right, to cut down our costs, change the product mix around the world 
in each of the divisions. 
We're very focused on seeing that this should never happen again, what happened. So, there is a 
significant improvement in underlying operating performance, apart from the inflation which is 
there. And that's where you're seeing good results. So, currently, based on all the inputs we have 
from the overseas subsidiaries and the CEOs there, they are expecting also another strong year 
in FY’24. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajendra Shah from Fidelity Investments. And I 
request, please restrict to two questions. 
Rajendra Shah: 
So, with all the runway for growth and consolidation improvements, sir, any projection as to 
when you'd be back on the dividend list? 
Anil Jain: 
I think it's too early to say. It's partly also linked to the, what the lenders talk about, right, when 
they did the restructuring, they usually put some caveat, right, company cannot issue dividend 
without our consent. The fact, but the good part is that lenders now, as a part of restructuring, 
we issued them equity. So, they own 10% of the equity, right? So, they might become more 
amenable, going forward, because they themselves will get it as they are also important 
shareholders into the company. 
But I think if I'm talking now as a management, keeping the issue of the lenders aside, I think at 
least for the FY’24, the focus in whatever internal accruals we do, is focus is on reducing the 
debt. And that way, I think significantly add to the shareholder value, rather than focus on the 
dividend right now. 
Rajendra Shah: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you. 
Anil Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. And I'll hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Anil Shah: 
No, I think those were good questions from everybody involved. As I said, we are very keen to 
keep growing, but not at the cost of debt. We will grow, but we would be continuing to remain 
very focused on working cycle and reduce that cycle, bring down the debt, bring up the margins 
in the plastic business, as I said, with better capacity utilization and better buying opportunity. 
And stay focused in terms of where we're going. And we would like to thank all the, 
shareholders, all other stakeholders who have supported the company in very difficult times over 
the last three, four years. 
There was, that was a threat to existence of the company. But I think we have come out well, 
and we would like to thank everybody for helping this happen. And I think we are strong and 
positive about the opportunity ahead, and where we never have to repeat or go through the same 
thing what we went through earlier. Thank you. 

 
Jain Irrigation Systems Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of KR Choksey Shares & Securities Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you.  
