  
 
NEAPS/BSE ONLINE 
1st June, 2023 
 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building 
Mumbai - 400 001 
(BSE Scrip Code: 542905) 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Plot No. C/1, Block-G 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
(NSE Symbol: HINDWAREAP) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 25th May, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
held on Thursday, 25th May, 2023 for discussion of the audited financial results of the Company 
for the fourth quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023. 
 
The transcript will also be available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.hindwarehomes.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
For Hindware Home Innovation Limited  
 
(Formerly known as Somany Home Innovation Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Payal M Puri 
(Company Secretary and V. P. Group General Counsel) 
Name:                                  Payal M Puri 
Address:                              301-302, 3rd Floor, Park Centra, Sector-30, Gurugram-122001 
Membership No.:               16068 
PAYAL 
M PURI
Digitally signed 
by PAYAL M PURI 
Date: 2023.06.01 
17:59:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUDHANSHU POKHRIYAL – CEO, BATH BUSINESS  
 
MR. RAJESH PAJNOO – CEO, PIPE BUSINESS 
MR. SANDEEP SIKKA – GROUP CFO 
MR. NAVEEN MALIK – CFO 
 
 
 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 & FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call for Hindware Home Innovation Limited hosted by Nuvama 
Wealth Research. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Shetty from Nuvama Group. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
Good day, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Professional Client Group, I 
welcome you all to Q4 and FY23 Earnings Conference Call of Hindware Home 
Innovation Limited. We take this opportunity to thank the management of 
Hindware for giving us this opportunity to host their earnings conference call. 
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Rajesh Pajnoo, CEO of 
Pipe Business, Mr. Sudhanshu Pokhriyal, CEO of Bath Business, Mr. Sandeep 
Sikka, Group CFO, and Mr. Naveen Malik, CFO Hindware Home Innovation 
Limited. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India for further 
proceedings. Thank you, and over to you, Gavin. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this 
call. I would just like to add to Nikhil's statements by saying that any statements 
made during this call may be forward-looking in nature and are subject to risks 
and uncertainties the management or the company does not take any 
responsibility to revise these in the interim or make any changes.  
I would now like to hand over to Mr. Naveen Malik to start by giving his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Naveen. 
Naveen Malik: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm welcome to Hindware 
Home Innovation Limited’s Q4 & FY23 Earnings Call. 
I hope you would have had the opportunity to go through our results 
presentation shared on stock exchange websites. I will initiate the call by taking 
you through our overall performance of the Company along with an update on 
our Consumer Appliance business. After this, Sudhanshu will share an update 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
on the Bathware Business and Rajesh will take you through the Plastic Pipes 
and fittings business. 
Against the backdrop of a challenging macro environment, we delivered a 
resilient performance wrapping the year on a positive note. In FY23 our 
consolidated top-line grew by 25% and EBITDA margins improved from 8.9% 
to 9.8% y-o-y.  
For Q4, the consolidated revenue grew by 12%, and EBITDA margins 
improved from 9.8% to 11.7% y-o-y. Our bathware business margins improved 
to 15.3% in Q4. For our plastic pipes and fittings, we reported double digit 
margin of 10.8%.  
As discussed in earlier call, we are working towards reducing the net working 
capital days and the progress can be seen in Q4 results where both net working 
capital days and net bank debt have been reduced from Q3 FY 23. The total 
Bank Debt as on Q4 stands at Rs 712 crore.  
Coming to our Consumer Appliances Business, Revenue grew 16% to 
Rs.~501 crore in FY23 with EBITDA of ~Rs 25 crore and reported a top-line of 
~Rs. 128 crore in Q4FY23 with EBITDA of ~Rs 4 crore. The performance was 
impacted by the challenging macro operating environment such as elevated 
raw material prices and overall inflationary trend.  
The Board of Directors proposed a dividend of 25% based on the equity shares' 
paid-up value. We are confident about our performance and of our ability to 
deliver sustainable value for all our stakeholders.  
With that, I would like to call Mr. Sudhanshu Pokhriyal to take you through the 
bathware business. Over to you, Sudhanshu.  
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Thank you, Naveen. Good evening and welcome everybody.  
Once again, our bathware business has showcased exceptional growth, 
surpassing industry performance to maintain its market dominance. In FY23 & 
Q4, we have achieved strong revenue growth of 29% and 18% year-on-year, 
respectively. This outstanding performance is a testament to the growing 
customer loyalty, which our products enjoy. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
As a part of our growth strategy, we focused on introducing innovative products 
to ensure we cater to the burgeoning needs of our consumers. To support our 
growth objectives, we worked on expanding our distribution network by adding 
new distributors, establishing new brand shops, expanding into various Tier 4, 
Tier 5 towns, reinforcing brand recognition through integrated marketing 
campaigns. I am sure you've seen our new campaign, which was live during 
the IPL this year. 
We have also prioritized the development of our luxury brand Queo as we 
implemented a dynamic media and promotional campaign during the year 
backed by our influencer program that rewards the architects to influence 
consumer choices. We also have an influencer program for plumbers, which 
we believe is going to be a game changer for us. 
In FY24, we intend to allocate our capital expenditures towards establishment 
of brand stores to drive market growth rate, as well as efficiency related 
investments to optimize our existing manufacturing capacities. These 
initiatives aim to improve the average selling price (ASP) of our products with 
improved margins. 
Our unwavering dedication to driving growth remains steadfast, and we 
possess unwavering confidence in sustaining this momentum going forward. 
With our diverse range of high-quality products bolstered by a strong brand 
presence and a proactive approach to expanding our market share, we are 
well positioned to drive profitable growth. 
With that, I would like to call Rajesh Pajnoo to take you through pipes and 
fittings business. Over to you, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Thank you, Sudhanshu. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us.  
I am happy to report that our plastic pipes and fittings brand ‘TRUFLO’ 
maintained its position as the fastest-growing brand in its segment, receiving 
a 29% increase in revenue in FY23, 7% year-on-year growth in quarter 4 and 
a sequential growth of 11%. This growth was primarily driven by a strong brand 
connect, increasing customer loyalty and the successful launch of a second 
manufacturing plant. I am also pleased to share that the pipe segment 
achieved its highest ever sales, both in terms of revenues and volumes for the 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
year. We achieved these revenue numbers despite a steep fall in PVC prices, 
witnessed during the year. 
EBITDA stood at INR24 crores in Q4 FY23 and INR44 crores in FY23, 
translating to margins of 11% and 6%, respectively. Operating margins were 
supported both by improved volumes as well as stabilizing input prices.  
Our volume growth can be attributed to the remarkable performance of our 
CPVC products, which now account for over more than 45% of the total 
revenue, generated by our pipes business in FY23. 
Our commitment to expanding our distributor network remains unwavering. At 
present, we boast of an extensive network of more than 280 active distributors, 
in addition to approximately 25,000 retailers.  
In FY23, we expanded our product reach by introducing new products, 
resulting in a total offering of more than 2,000 SKUs. We actively engaged with 
plumbers and plumbing consultants and organized multiple training sessions 
for our channel partners and influencers. We plan to sustain these efforts in 
the upcoming quarters as we strive to strengthen our presence in the category.  
During the period, we also forayed into PTMT Faucets and Accessories to 
provide customers with a one-stop solution for all their plumbing requirements. 
We also collaborated with Reliance Worldwide Corporation (RWC) to introduce 
and market multilayer composite pipes and push-to-connect fittings under the 
brand ‘TRUFLO SharkBite’.  
To align with our strategic objectives, our expansion plans encompass both 
brownfield and greenfield initiatives. The brownfield capacity expansion project 
at our Hyderabad plant commenced commercial production in January 2023, 
bringing our capacity to 48,000 metric tons. Simultaneously, our greenfield 
project in Roorkee is progressing as scheduled, and we anticipate the 
commencement of operation at the new plant by mid of FY25.  
Our performance over the years gives us optimism that we will surpass the 
sales target of INR1,000 crores by the scheduled FY25 guidance. 
That concludes the opening remarks, and I would like to ask the moderator to 
open the floor for question-and-answers-session. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session.  
We have the first question from the line of Pranav Mehta from Equirus 
Securities.  
Pranav Mehta: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted to understand the mix 
between sanitary and faucets in your overall bathware segment. Also wanted 
to understand how much import dependence of Chinese products do we have 
as of now? That was my first question. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Yes. Our sanitaryware contributes to about 65% of our bathware business and 
faucets is about the balance, which is there. And for us, within our sanitaryware 
business, at an overall level, we are at about 16% to 18% contribution of 
Chinese imports, which has happened in the previous year. And we, as a 
strategy, have always indicated that we want to continue to reduce it, and we 
are working towards it, and we intend to bring it down as we go forward in the 
coming financial year. 
Pranav Mehta: 
And sir, my next question was on price hikes taken in bathware. Was there any 
price hike taken in 4Q? And what would be the quantum of price hike taken in 
FY23 overall? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: We have not taken any price hike in Q4. We took the last price in Q3. In total, 
we took two price hikes, the one in Q1 and the other one, which was in Q3. Of 
the total level, we took about a price increase of about 5% to 7% in Q1. And 
another price hike between average of 6% to 7% in Q3. The price hike was 
higher in sanitaryware and lower in faucets in Q3. On a ballpark, you can say 
about 6% to 7% in Q3. But we have not taken another price hike in Q4. I hope 
that answers your question. 
Pranav Mehta: 
And sir, any plans of taking any price hike in, let's say, 1Q or first half FY24? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: I do not foresee any price hike at this point in time. And I mean, of course, we 
cannot really predict exactly what happens in the foreseeable future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushal Shah from Dhanki Securities.  
Kaushal Shah: 
Sir, my question was on the margin in both the segments, bathware and pipes, 
we have seen a very good improvement in both the segments on EBITDA 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
margins. So, I wanted your thoughts on the sustainability of these margins. 
What were the drivers for the sharp improvement in Q4? And how do you see 
the trajectory over the next, let us say, four to six quarters? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. if you see at a sequential quarter, Q3 to Q4 and also there was one big 
hit in the initial quarters, in Q1, Q2, relating to sanitaryware, which was linked 
to the increase in the gas price. 
The total impact of that, which impacted our profitability in Q1 and Q2 was ~ 
INR10 crores to ~INR14 crores at that particular time. On one hand, even in 
the first 3 quarters, we had the increase in the input gas prices for sanitaryware, 
but on the other side, on the pipes business, there was a sudden drop in the 
PVC resin price. As everybody knew, the PVC resin price peaked out to 
INR160 and then dropped down to half. If you see on an overall, we lost odd 
~INR50 crores-INR60 crores. And Q4, we will  say was fairly normalized much 
more stable. 
Going forward, we feel that with the growth, which we have given guidance 
that we should grow by 18% to 20%-21% in both the businesses.. We should 
be able to unlock around 1% to 1.5% overall EBITDA margin in the next 12 to 
18 months period. 
Kaushal Shah: 
And sir, on the working capital front, we have again seen a good improvement 
in both the segments. So, some thoughts on that side. I believe the 
improvement in inventory could be because of the price drop. So how do you 
see that moving forward? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We're doing a number of things internally. Sudhanshu spoke about it, one of 
them is the insourcing of the imported products to the Indian vendors. One is 
that because when we import from China due to the Chinese New Year, 
especially in Q3, Q4, we have to accumulate the inventory, once we are fully 
successful on this, then the inventory should come down. 
Apart from this, we are looking at how other balance inventory can be 
rationalized, how we can renegotiate our credit terms with our vendors. So the 
overall net working capital cycle for the organization comes down. 
Internally, we have a target of around 10%. If you recall, we had taken a similar 
target of 20% before we acquired the manufacturing entity, and we did around 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
more than 20%. But with the manufacturing entity bought out last year, it 
created additional inventory, we'll work on it. And I think we should be able to 
bring around 20% down in the next 18 - 24 months.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC.  
Nikhil Gada: 
Congrats on the turnaround. Sir, first question is regarding the margins that 
you have seen, especially in sanitaryware and faucets. So, you mentioned that 
there is no further price hike required. So, are we trying to say that whatever 
inflation that we saw across the raw materials and everything, it is more or less 
factored in, and we are at optimum gross margin levels? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If you see there was a price hike, there were input price increases, which 
happened during the first two quarters and starting from Q4 in the last financial 
year, especially on the gas. We still have some inventory which is produced 
linked to the higher gas prices, which we feel would get diluted in next one or 
two quarters. And since the prices have slightly come down, so we are not 
contemplating immediate price hikes in the near future. But, definitely, in this 
industry, there has been a continuous price hike on every year-on-year based 
on the normal inflationary rates. We feel unless there is a big fluctuation 
happening on the input prices, but the margin release will keep happening 
because all the current inventory production, which is happening at the lower 
input prices. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And this is both for sanitaryware and faucet? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, my second question, specifically is to Sudhanshu. Just wanted to have 
your understanding while the industry is doing really well, which we can see 
across the numbers from all the players. We are also seeing a lot of new 
players coming and expanding. And you also alluded that we need to add more 
brand stores to maintain the visibility. Can you give some qualitative comments 
on how you see this industry and this increased competitiveness to impact 
Hindware who is one of the leading brands? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Yes, Nikhil, we have seen in the last one-year plans from many building 
material players, which are expanding into bathware business. We all know the 
names, so I'm not really getting it to them. But if you see in the last 12 months 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
also, we've not seen any significant impact at this point in time. Though, nearly 
for some of the players has been even close to two years now. They've not 
been able to make a significant impact. I'm not saying that they will not be, but 
I truly believe that this is a business which requires lot of investment, lots to 
things to build this business, to build the confidence among plumbers, among 
dealers and to get the whole mix of products right. It requires a bit more 
knowledge about your consumer, your influencer, your dealer, then perhaps 
what some of the people have. I mean at least shown in the last 24 months, 
you are asking my qualitative comment, I'm giving you my qualitative comment. 
Yes, so potentially, yes, they can come. And it sounds right, it can impact 
margins, it can impact market share for some of us. But very honestly, in the 
last 24 months, I have not really seen anybody getting it right at this point in 
time. So, I hope that tells you exactly what the situation is. I'm not saying that 
they won't get it right in the next 12 months. But at this point in time, that is the 
situation. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And sir, one last question, if I may. Just on the faucets part. If we see for us as 
well as our nearest competitor, we have seen a tremendous growth. We are 
now close to around INR550 crores, INR600 crores, if my numbers are right in 
faucets. And the peer was also saying that they have seen a lot of market share 
capture from the smaller unorganized players. Is it the same with us or is it 
something which has worked differently for us in faucets that has helped us 
gained such beautiful growth? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: I think when you grow a market at 45%, 50%, that kind of range, 40%, 45%, 
then you don't gain only from the unorganized sector. I think you gained from 
even organized sector players. So, in my view, I think we have gained market 
share from organized as well as unorganized sector. We perhaps would be 
one of the fastest-growing faucet companies in the last 2 years, in fact. And I 
think the gain is coming from across the segment. 
One of our new launches, which happened, which has been one of the largest 
launches in the history of Hindware, which in 1 year has done more than 
INR125 crores and been the talk of the town. And we believe such launches 
have really helped us gain not just from unorganized sector, but from organized 
sector players as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher.  

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Praveen Sahay: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, first question is related to your 
bathware segment. If you can give me how much is the capacity in the sanitary 
and the faucet and how is the utilization as well as outsourcing contribution in 
both the segments? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Yes. So, our capacity utilization has been very healthy for sanitaryware in the 
previous year, close to 90%+, ~91% - 92%. And however, the number for 
faucet has been lower for us at 45%-odd. That's a conscious part of our 
strategy where we were developing some outside vendors and working on 
improving our efficiencies. 
So, at the overall level, we have about 2/3 of our overall requirement, which is 
actually coming from in-source product, an overall between sanitary and 
faucet. So, what we believe is that we should basically be looking at improving 
our capacity utilization in the coming year. For faucets, and that will start 
happening from quarter 3 onwards, all the new products which are getting 
developed and getting developed within our plant announced. And with that 
capacity utilization for our faucet plan will also start improving as we go into the 
second half of the year. As an answer to the previous question, we are also 
working on in-sourcing of a lot of Chinese products into India. As a part of that 
exercise, we are doing a bit of restructuring in our manufacturing product mix 
wherein some of our basic products are getting outsourced into domestic 
suppliers. While a lot of products which was being outsourced from China is 
basically getting insourced into our own manufacturing. So, this may have a 
short-term impact in Q1 and Q2 for us because of this changeover which is 
happening within our sanitaryware manufacturing plant. But over the long term, 
say, about 12 to 24 months. I believe this is a core part of our strategy to 
increase our margins and Mr. Sikka has talked to you about more than 100 to 
200 basis points improvement. So, these are the changes which we are doing 
in our manufacturing, and like I said, in-house utilization will also improve. And 
should definitely also have a role to play in our improvement of our margins as 
well. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So next question is related to the piping business. I can observe that on the Q-
o-Q basis, your realization up by around 11%. So, what's the reason behind 
that? It's only because of the price fluctuation or also you can give the 
contribution of the CPVC in the overall business? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
There are two factors behind it. In the first three quarters, there was a huge 
inventory loss. But in Q4, there was no inventory loss. And then also CPVC, 
we focused on CPVC. This was a strategic decision for Q4, and we have more 
growth in CPVC. So, both the things put together and we see the margin in 
CPVC. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, I think what Rajesh was trying to say is that the contribution of our CPVC 
as a percentage to sales has been continuously expanding and as a result of 
which there is an overall increase in the selling price and that what you are 
seeing there. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, it's because of the contribution of CPVC increase and the realization 
improved because of that? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. In Q4, CPVC component was 52% of our sales as compared to Q3 of 
42%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Mani from Moneybee Investment 
Advisors.  
Bharat Mani: 
So, my first question is what is the debt repayment schedule that you're looking 
ahead? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If you see we have one capex program, which is the expansion of our pipes 
division. And then Sudhanshu has spoken that we are doing some changes in 
the restructuring within our sanitaryware manufacturing, wherein we are trying 
to shift the single pieces or the larger pieces inside the factory rather than being 
imported. This will have long-term benefit. In the interim for one or two quarters 
because of the lower capacity utilization, numbers may go a little bit up and 
down, this is part of the core strategy, which we have to long term value 
creation.  We may be spending odd INR100 crores  to INR125 crores this year 
including new pipe plant spend. And we feel that with this, we should be able 
to repay odd 100 crores of debt in this financial year. And it can be higher also, 
if we are able to squeeze our working capital more than what we have planned. 
Bharat Mani: 
So, for FY24, the capex, you put aside INR100 crores, INR125 crores and the 
debt that you'll try to repay is around INR100 crores, am I right? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. Overall planned capex is around INR250 crores to INR300 crores. But 
since the pipe plant will not come within this financial year. a major chunk of 
that expense will be done next year. But majority of the sanitaryware spent, 
which is odd INR30 crores to INR40 crores in terms of making higher size 
pieces will be done this year itself. 
Bharat Mani: 
So, in the pipe segment, the CPVC mix in quarter 4 is around 52%, as you 
said. So there has been a recovery in margins. But if I look at the peers, the 
margin is still on the lower side. So, could you just tell me why is that? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes. I would like to answer, see this we have been telling in quarter-on-quarter, 
but the margin cannot be compared with the competitors because this is our 
fourth year, which we have completed in the market. And for your information, 
what we have done is we have taken a strategic decision that we need to grow 
fast. And what is visible from the results as of today now we have the fastest-
growing PVC pipe company. So, just for your information, yesterday, we have 
done the Bhoomi Poojan of our third plant. So, it means that in four to five 
years' time, we'll be constructing three plants, and we'll be growing very fast. 
Ours CAGR is more than 40%. So, for this, you need to have employees, you 
need to have employee expenses. So if you compare as an apple-to-apple 
then you will see that the fixed cost and all costs which are there related to 
factories, we are at par with the competitors. But when it comes to an employee 
cost, we are there 4% to 5% higher than them, which in due course of time, it 
cannot come down exponentially, but definitely a percent a year. So, I think 
down the line three, four years will be a par with competitors. This is a 
conscious call. 
Bharat Mani: 
Okay. Yes. So, my last question is, so on the consumer appliance side. So, 
when do you expect a recovery in margins? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
If you try to plot our earnings, both in terms of revenues as well as the earnings 
as compared to the rest of the players in the market, in terms of the sales 
revenue, I think we have done fairly well. We have 16% sales growth, although 
on a very small base. But in this industry, a majority of the players, they had to 
do a bargain between sales growth and the margins. And this I'm talking about 
broad comparison of similar companies in India. The industry has not been 
able to pass on because of the high level of fragmentation, there is no leader, 
and nobody has taken an initiative to take a substantial price increase. So, we 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
feel that another for one or two quarters, the pressure on this may continue. 
But we may continue with our sales growth because our initiatives and our 
thought is to capture the market first. Margins can always follow through. We 
are working to  in-source many products from Import to India so that we can 
reduce the cost as well as our investments into working capital. We are already 
working with one or two vendors, for the last one year and have seen a fair 
level of success. We had given this guidance two years back, that we'll out-
beat the market on sanitaryware and faucet, which we have demonstrated. We 
have also given guidance that by 2025, we should be INR1,000 crores plus on 
pipes. I think based on the current market scenario; we should be able to do 
much faster. And I think the market should appreciate one very critical point. 
Last year was a year of disruption for pipes,  and a majority of them, they took 
a hit on the selling prices. Despite the de-growth in the selling price, we are 
able to maintain our growth on 20% to 25%+ . For the Consumer business now 
we are giving guidance which we have initially given that we'll do around 
INR1,100 crores to INR1,200 crores by 2025. Now, we feel that it may take 
another year or so to reach, by 2027, we should be INR1,000 crores plus on 
the consumer business. This is based on the current market conditions. And 
as the market conditions improve, I think we should definitely be able to 
accelerate the growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandesh Barmecha from Haitong 
Securities.  
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Just one question from my end, sir. Sir, is that correct that our faucet revenue 
in bathware has gone up from 30% in FY22 to 35% in FY23? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: What you're asking is what is our growth in faucet revenue? 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Yes. So, what I'm asking is, last time, you said the faucet share was around 
30% in bathware and currently, there is 35%. So is the information right, sir? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal :You're saying contribution? 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Yes, sir. The faucet revenue contribution. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, we spoke about it. It is ranging around INR550 crores to INR600 crores.  
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: I think he's talking about contribution in the total business, as percentage sale. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
So, faucet revenue in bathware, has it gone from 30% in FY22 to 35% in FY23? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
In Q4, it was around 37%. But on a yearly basis, it is still higher at 40% plus. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
Okay. So, would it imply that our faucet revenue has grown at almost 50% in 
FY23? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I think if you see our growth in faucet business has grown in FY23. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: It's approximately 40-odd percent. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
40-odd percent. Yes. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
So, what would be our revenue for faucet sir? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
So similar, ranging between INR550 crores to INR600 crores. 
Sandesh Barmecha: 
So we have clocked some very high rate in FY23, sir. So, what would be our 
guidance specifically for faucet in FY24, sir? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We are giving an overall guidance that we should be able to maintain our 
momentum of 18% to 21% sales growth. This goes as a mix of sanitaryware, 
faucet, accessories, everything together. We only giving you guidance, we'll 
like to avoid because the next question will come is what is for sanitaryware, 
what is for the accessories, it becomes extremely difficult to manage that 
business in that manner. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinit Gala from Xylem Investment.  
Vinit Gala: 
If you could help me with the inventory gain number in the pipes division for 
Q4 FY23 and for the entire year. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
See Q4, it is almost negligible, very minute one but first three quarters, it is loss 
only. 
Vinit Gala: 
So how much would that be, the loss? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Loss was around ~INR43 crores. 
Vinit Gala: 
Also, sir, my second question is how are we placed with respect to the 
leadership in our consumer division? Where are we at? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Sandeep Sikka: 
 We have a good leadership team for our  the kitchen chimneys business, and 
we have spoken about it earlier as well. But for other businesses like water 
heaters, air coolers, the market shares are ranging between 4% to 5%, but 
target is we should get into 7% to 8% range in next two to three years' time. 
And the markets are highly fragmented here and that's it. 
Vinit Gala: 
Sir, my question was with respect to a recent exit as far as the consumer leader 
is concerned. So are we looking out for someone to replace him? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We are in process of finalizing the CEO. And maybe I think by the end of this 
quarter or maybe in the middle of the next quarter, we will have a new person 
who will take charge of the entire position. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Fialoke from RatnaTraya Capital.  
Chirag Fialoke: 
Could you talk a little bit about the water heater business for this quarter both 
in terms of the top line development and the profitability? And how do you see 
that panning out?  
Sandeep Sikka: 
Water heater is a growing sector, in which we are present in. Since, the 
commercial production is expected to start with the start of the season. This is 
with the joint venture with the French company Groupe Atlantic. We see that a 
lot of synergies would be coming through with the water heater plant because 
we are losing the major chunk of margin till date to our vendors and all that will 
get incorporated within the business now. As any factory will have first one or 
2 years, as always tough in terms of loading of the factory, we are looking at 
various other options like exports from the plant, we are open to supply other 
brand business so that if we can manufacture for them. Our initiative is that we 
should load the plant fully, and this plant is capable of doing 600,000 pieces 
annually. And we are fairly optimistic that this will create a lot of value going on 
a medium to long-term range. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Just a follow-up. So, for this quarter, that business obviously created a loss. 
Could you just give us a couple of more details for quarter that we received? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The markets have been tough on the consumer business side because of the 
input price changes. We took initiative of diluting inventories & for that 
particular reason, we had to give higher discounts in the market so that we 
keep rotating our money rather than the money gets stuck because of the 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
seasonality of this business. As a result of this, you are seeing higher quantum 
of money going out of this business. But going forward, I think in the next 
season, it should be normal. 
Moderator 
The next question is from the line of Harshil Shethia from AUM Fund Advisors, 
LLP.  
Harshil Shethia: 
Sir, what kind of margins are we envisaging in FY24 in each of the businesses? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
we have given a guidance on margins for sanitaryware, faucet, which is our 
bath business. We should see whatever we are doing in Q4 and don't hold us 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis because it's very difficult to operate the market 
on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But again, in 12 to 18 months, we should be able 
to unlock another 1% to 1.5% with all the initiatives which we are doing.  
For the pipes  business, Mr. Pajnoo has already spoken, there are some 
operating leverage benefits because right now, our focus is to accelerate, to 
spend and we have more people across the country to find the business. So, 
another around 1% is a feasibility from that side.  
On the consumer business side, right now, the margin profile is pretty low i..e. 
3% to 4% EBITDA margins we are working on. But that business has a 
potential to do around 10% EBITDA margin, once it gets fully stabilized. But I 
think in the interim, another 2% to 3% expansion on the consumer business 
side should also happen. 
Harshil Shethia: 
Sir, on the capex that you mentioned of INR250 crores in the pipes and fitting 
business, you said INR125 around crores would be done in this year and the 
rest in the next year. How much will that take the total pipe capacity from 
48,000 tons? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
The total capex, INR250 crores is not relating to the pipes, pipes is odd-INR180 
crores, plus some debottlenecking also happening on the existing pipe plants, 
wherein we are spending another INR30 crores, INR40 crores on that, is  to 
build more machines into the system to improve capacity. 
On the overall capacity, we have right now 48,000 tons. And once the plant in 
Roorkee start, we will have initial capacity there at around 12,500, but this can 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
be further scaled at a lower marginal cost to 25,000 tons, which should happen.  
The plant should be up and running by December or Q4 FY24 or Q1 FY25. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from YES Securities.  
Udit Gajiwala: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. So, like you mentioned that you don't 
foresee any price hikes in coming fiscal. So partly 18% to 20% will be 
something like a volume growth. So, could you explain that? Which regions? I 
mean, is Tier 2, Tier 3 that will be a focus or the market share gain will be in 
faucet largely more than sanitaryware. Could you just elaborate a bit more? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Yes. So very rightly in terms of growth, the growth has to come from, of course, 
volume. And I think it also has to come from a lot from mix wherein we see a 
lot of changes happening in the market in terms of the kind of products which 
we are buying now. So that's happening in both sanitary and faucets. Like you 
very rightly said, that's what we expect. We expect higher growth from faucet 
than in sanitary. And within sanitary also we see the mix changing in favour of 
larger leases like Mr. Sikka has been saying, one piece as we call them or 
there are product categories and SKUs, we have a higher price per SKU, or 
per kg, whichever way you want to see. And that's what we believe that that's 
what's going to happen. And so very rightly, I think the growth is going to come 
largely because of change in mix and like I said, a higher growth in faucets 
than in sanitary. This also would be driven by a lot of new launches, which are 
scheduled, which are getting into the market right now. So, these will be the 
three, I would say, factor which will take the growth to a higher level.  
Udit Gajiwala: 
And sir, secondly, you have said that in pipes, INR1,000 crores is quite 
achievable before your timeline. So, could you throw some light on what kind 
of volume growth are you anticipating for next two fiscals? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
So, this year, we are optimistic that we will be somewhere close to INR1,000 
crores. And with this, the volume growth if there is no substantial price drop 
then it will be somewhere around 18% volume growth, and value growth will 
be somewhere around 23% to 25%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital.  

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, just I have a small query. So, when you said in the bathware segment, you 
are looking to unlock about 1% to 1.5% EBITDA expansion over the next 12 to 
18 months, right? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So that is over the base of fourth quarter margins, right? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes, Not annually. It is fourth quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And then what would the margins in fourth quarter in bathware segment, I think 
we have got the margins for building product, which includes plastic pipes and 
fittings as well. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
You can get it in our Investor's presentation; it is 15.3% in quarter 4. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital.  
Ankush Agarwal: 
Sir, just a quick question on the overall debt scenario that you look at for, say, 
medium term now. This year, you have clarified, you're looking to reduce it by 
INR100 crores. But in the next three, four years, do you believe we as a 
company on an overall basis will become debt free or near debt free? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
It is not our initiative to be debt free at all time. We strongly feel the company 
who is totally debt free doesn't have an adequate plan to grow. We'll always 
be at an optimal level of debt. And even if you see today, on the debt, there's 
almost 2x. Maybe we keep it in a range of 1x to1.5x. 
If you understand our strategy, in the last 4 to 5 years, we have invested our 
capital for creating new channels in the market, and this is a first mover 
advantage of what we did 7 years back, the entire industry is trying to do it 
now, we'll take the benefit of that. Our initiatives and focus is that we've become 
a very core building product organization and going forward, we'll continue to 
make investments into this to create a fairly long-term value. We are not a 
short-term player. I know market likes a company to get debt free, but debt is 
the cheapest source of money, which you can utilize for building long-term 
value. Just to put an example, like we are borrowing right now at 8%. Initially, 
it was around 6%. And if our businesses are giving an ROCE of ranging from 
18% to 20%, appropriate debt helps faster expansion of the business. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Ankush Agarwal: 
That makes sense. But the reason why I was asking this question was like a 
business that you operate in say, building materials like bathware and pipe. 
These are like high cash flow generating business. So even if you're investing, 
they still throw a lot of cash. So unless you are thinking about diversifying into 
a new business altogether, that is your expectation in terms of a new square 
foot that you're investing into the business that we will expand into a new 
business altogether and that is where the cash will flow because even for 
sustainable growth, investing in the same business like bathware, which is 
sanitaryware, faucets and pipes, I think you still have a lot of cash. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. I think your question is very right and very apt in a sense that until and 
unless we do a new business as on date Board has not approved it. But I'll just 
put a caveat here that we keep evaluating other options for expanding our 
business horizons on the building products other than steel and cement. At an 
appropriate time, if an opportunity comes, we may look at it, but no commitment 
as on date. But definitely Hindware today don’t have any operating subsidiary. 
So, most of the profits which are there, are retained and first utilize towards the 
repayment of the debt. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Chheda from Canara Robeco 
Mutual Fund.  
Akshay Chheda: 
So just one question. This is on the bathware side. Where is it that you are 
seeing the growth? Which geography, I mean is it Tier 1, metro, Tier 2, Tier 3? 
And where will be our focus going forward?  
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: Yes, Akshay, we are seeing growth across the markets, to be honest. We 
believe we are very strong in Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4, Tier 5, And we've been 
growing the business there. But it's pretty uniform overall with a little bit of a 
higher weightage towards the Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4, Tier 5, not in Tier 1. But it's 
not that Tier 1 is a very low number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mehernosh Panthaki from Dhanki 
Securities. 
Mehernosh Panthaki: I had a couple of questions. One is a follow-up question on your debt reduction 
plan. You said that you're targeting to reduce around INR100 crores in the next 
year. But if I recollect in the earlier con call, you had stated that we will require 
a loan for the new Roorkee expansion also which is around INR180 crores. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
So, 70% will be taken in debt, which is supposed to be around INR120 crores. 
So, this INR100 crores debt reduction you're talking on the existing debt, or 
this is including after taking Roorkee debt and all? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Basically, what will happen is if you see it is a horizon of one year. Let's say, 
we are making X amount of money, Y amount of EBITDA and that this entire 
EBITDA after the payment of interest and other expense, taxes directly flow 
and reduce the working capital debt. The total capex, which we are looking at 
is spending INR100 crores, to INR125 crores. Generally, we take 70% of the 
loan. We don't use short-term funds for long term and just try to maintain that 
discipline. But the net result of that can be like we pay off INR100 crores of 
debt as such. The long-term debt will come down, but short term will get paid 
immediately. 
Mehernosh Panthaki Okay. So, net to net, then INR100 crores reduction will be there despite taking 
a long-term debt? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Yes. That's what we are targeting. 
Mehernosh Panthaki: And regarding PVC price margins, we have done 10.8%. And this is including 
no inventory loss during the quarter. In fact, there was a marginal inventory 
gain that was stated. Now if I see the recent PVC prices in, say, April and May, 
I think they have fallen by around INR10 further. So will that impact your 
margins, let's say, if not Q1 but in Q2 once we have to lower the prices and 
then sell in the market. So, would that impact your margins in, say, a couple of 
quarters, these PVC prices have come down because of that? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
See, as you have rightly said, it's not INR10, it's around INR7, what has come 
down. But, there will not be an impact to the whole industry because now 
everybody is almost at the lowest part of the inventory, the inventories have 
come down. PVC inventories have come down heavily. And we don't anticipate 
that much of a loss. But if it continues to go down further, then definitely, there 
will be an impact. But the impact would be never the way it has happened last 
year because in PVC industry, what happens is everybody tries to stop 
because we have only 40% of the raw material indigenous. So, there is a voice 
and then have the availability issues. But now people are stopping very less. 
And since the worldwide market is not that great, we are able to get the raw 
material at the right time and within stipulated time. So, people are not keeping 
inventory. So, there won't be any impact as far as the inventory loss. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
Thank you everybody, for joining the call. I think we have taken several 
initiatives over the last four - five years so that we expand our businesses and 
these times we have demonstrated many of our ventures which we did are 
fairly successful. We have demonstrated both in terms of revenues, EBITDA 
margins and the profitability. I think in the next two to three years is a time when 
most of these initiatives literally have a very huge growth potential because we 
now have those platforms in place and we can utilize those platforms for our 
growth. There are ample opportunities, which we have created and we have 
spoken about that now  we have a first mover advantage in this entire industry 
because we started our initiatives around 7-8 years back, which other players 
are doing now. We are confident based on the current market condition that  
whatever we have said on the call today we should be able to achieve those 
targets. Thank you very much. 
 
 
Notes: 
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. 
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of Hindware Home Innovation Limited (formerly Somany Home Innovation Limited) 
 
