 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 5, 2023 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for conference call under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to our intimation dated 25th May, 2023, we enclose herewith communication relating to 
conference call as per Regulation 30(6) Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. 
 
The said conference call with the Institutional Investor/Analyst on Tuesday, May 30, 2023 was to 
discuss the financial performance of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023. The 
aforesaid 
information 
is 
also 
disclosed 
on 
website 
of 
the 
company 
i.e. 
www.ionexchangeglobal.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Milind Puranik 
Company Secretary 
 
 
MILIND 
DATTATRAYA 
PURANIK
Digitally signed by MILIND 
DATTATRAYA PURANIK 
Date: 2023.06.05 17:34:44 
+05'30'

ION Exchange India Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 30, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ION Exchange India Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference call. As a remainder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors, thank you and over to you. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of 
ION Exchange India Limited. On behalf of the company and Valorem 
Advisors, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company’s 
Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and financial year ending 2023. 
Before we begin let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's con-call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainty which could 
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are 
based on management believes as well as assumptions made by information 
currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decision. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to 
educate and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business 
and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in 
today's earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks we have 
with us Mr. Aankur Patni – Executive Director, Mr. Vasant Naik – Group Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. N.M. Ranadive– Group Head of Financial Planning and 
Risk Management and Mr. Milind Puranik– Company Secretary. Without any 
further delay. I request Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir. 

Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome you 
to the earnings conference call for the 4th Quarter and the financial year 
ended 2023. 
For the 4th Quarter under review on a consolidated basis, the company 
reported operating income of INR 6475 million, an increase of around 30% 
year-on-year and 26% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA reported was INR 1064 
million, representing an increase of around 12% year-on-year and 70% 
quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA margins stood at 16.43% and net profit was INR 
812 million, a decrease of around 2% year on year, but an increase of 70% 
quarter-on-quarter, while the PAT margin was in the region of around 12.5%. 
For the financial year 2023, on a consolidated basis, the operating incomes 
stood at INR   19,896 million, an increase of around 26% year-on-year. The 
EBITDA stood at INR 2550 million, an increase of around 20% year-on-year 
and the EBITDA margin was reported at 12.82%. Profit after tax was 1950 
million, an increase of around 21% on a year-on-year basis and the PAT 
margin was reported at 9.8%. Let me now take you through the quarterly 
segmental performance on a consolidated basis. In the engineering division, 
the revenue for the quarter was INR 4526 million, an increase of 41% year-
on-year. The EBIT for this segment was INR 560 million, a decrease of 23.5% 
year-on-year. While the exhibition of the Sri Lanka order remains 
significantly affected, the company’s discussions amongst all the 
stakeholders are moving in a positive direction and we are hopeful of the 
project closure in FY24. The execution of the UP Jal Nigam Project is 
progressing satisfactorily and revenue has been recognized based on work 
completion. The execution of the other engineering orders picked up pace 
during the quarter on the back of the increased order flows and the high 
order backlog. The company continues to invest in engineering 
infrastructure, including manpower to enhance its execution capabilities for 
handling the increased order backlog. The company during the quarter also 
witnessed steady order flows both in the domestic and the international 
market. 
Moving to the chemicals division: 
The revenue for the quarter was INR1,640 million, which increased to 
around 8.25% year-on-year. The EBIT was INR 482 million and increased by 
40% on a year-on-year basis. The sales in the domestic segment continued to 
record steady growth, while the export volume remained muted. This 

segment witnessed improved margins aided by stability in the input costs 
and improved volumes of higher margin product lines. 
The third segment, the consumer division segment, the revenue for the 
quarter was INR 515 million, an increase of around 21% year-on-year. The 
loss for the quarter was INR 7 million versus 16 million loss in the same 
period of the previous year. This segment continues to record healthy top-
line growth. With this, we can now open the floor for the question and 
answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question comes from the line of Sameer Palod from AUM Fund 
Advisors. LP, please go ahead. 
Sameer Palod: 
Thank you for the opportunity. If you can just tell us a little bit about what is 
going on the engineering business, which has seen very good sales growth 
during the quarter compared to the same quarter last year, but the EBIT 
margins have gone down by more than 10 percentage points. So a little bit of 
color on, what is going on in that business? What kind of work you have 
executed and why the margins have dipped so dramatically during the 
quarter? 
Aankur Patni: 
While we have significantly   higher revenue during the quarter, there were a 
few factors which have contributed to decrease in the overall margin 
percentages. Normally, when the cost to completion for major projects is 
forecasted, it tends to be conservative in the beginning of the contract and 
as the contract progresses it may get revised. There are a few large contracts 
which are still at a relatively initial stage and hence our current estimates 
may be conservative.  We are hopeful of improvement in projects margins as 
contracts progress. The second aspect is that we have incurred expenditure 
on building infrastructure and capabilities for our engineering businesses to 
prepare for the upcoming substantial increase in execution compared to the 
past. And lastly there would always be some variation because of the 
composition of projects or the project mix which gets executed during the 
particular quarter. With that background we hope that we would be able to 
keep delivering good growth and a reasonably good margin in the period 
coming forward. 

Sameer Palod: 
Sir, I asked this question because same quarter last year the EBIT margins 
were almost 22% in this quarter is down to 12%. So if you were to look at 
this business on a slightly longer term basis, what is a reasonable EBIT 
margin to assume for the engineering business on a more sort of steady 
state basis, ignoring the quarter-to-quarter variation. 
Aankur Patni: 
If we look at the kind of order book that we carry today and also the scale at 
which we hope to be executing orders in future, we should be seeing an 
improvement over what we have achieved in the current year. 
Sameer Palod: 
OK and would you say that even in your bid pipeline of about 8000 odd 
crores you are building with those sorts of EBIT margins which are which will 
be higher than what you have achieved in the current year? 
Aankur Patni: 
The EBIT margins are also a function of the scale at which we operate and 
that is why we see quarter to quarter variations. The scale of operation in 
different quarters tends to be different. But if you look at margins on 
individual contracts, they tend to be slightly better and we do expect that as 
these enquiries mature into orders, we should be able to maintain or better 
the EBIT margins which we have currently reported. 
Sameer Palod: 
And the bid pipeline, sir, would consist mostly of projects like Jal Nigams of 
the various states like the one that you have for UP and Delhi who would it 
be a similar types of bids that you are making? 
Aankur Patni: 
No, it is a good mix of industrial and PSU projects. The municipal or 
infrastructure projects would be relatively lesser. 
Sameer Palod: 
OK. Thank you for that. I will jump back into the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Akshat Mehta from 
Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta:  
Sir my question was only working capital side. What is the reason that 
receivables have gone up and your payables have come down sharply during 
the year? 
Vasant Naik: 
We had a disproportionately high invoicing in the month of March. That was 
the reason why the receivables have gone up sharply as of March 2023. A 
good portion of this invoicing was done using accumulated inventory and 
hence proportionate impact on payables is not visible. 
Akshat Mehta:  
So you were saying that we can maintain the cycle that we had in FY22 
correct? 

Aankur Patni: 
Yeah, Yes, we should be able to normalize the working capital cycle in FY23 - 
24. 
Akshat Mehta:  
OK. Secondly, if you can, you give a number on what is the kind of advance 
that we have received during the year from our customers and any color on 
order inflows that you are seeing coming in for next year. 
Vasant Naik: 
The total advances, which are outstanding in the books as of March end, are 
in the region of around 200 crores. 
Akshat Mehta:  
200 crores and any color on ordering flows for the next year that you are 
seeing? 
Vasant Naik: 
The total enquiry bank is at a healthy level of around 8124 crores.  We are 
hopeful that we should be in a position to maintain or better the level of 
order inflow compared to previous years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta we request that you return to the question queue for 
follow up questions. Next question comes on the line of Pratik Kothari from 
Unique Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead and also please stick yourself to 
2 questions. Thank you. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Hi, good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. So my first question 
on the engineering side, we for the last two or three quarters, we have been 
speaking about that we are kind of investing in our infra, in our manpower to 
execute much larger orders or much larger pace of execution going forward 
and this is quite reflected in the numbers like three years back our order 
book used to be 1000 crores. It is at 3500 crores right now, but the execution 
is not up to the mark you can if you can just talk about what kind of 
preparations have been made? What can this lead to or may be two to three 
years out. 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, in terms of the capability enhancement, there has been significant 
investments in our ability to execute projects, in terms of manpower, 
engineering & design set-up, equipments, machineries, fabrications, site 
establishments etc. So everything needs to go hand in hand and needs to be 
geared to handle the level of invoicing that we expect in the coming period. 
As you rightly pointed out, 3400 odd crores of order book of which a good 
portion will get executed during FY23-24 and therefore execution capabilities 
needed to be enhanced. As I mentioned in my response to the first question, 
this capability buildup has reduced our overall engineering margins in this 
year. 

Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough, sure and a couple of clarifications. One, what would be our UP 
execution for this year and second just to clarify to your earlier comment, 
you did say that in quarter four we completed a few orders and we have not 
recognized the margins which we should being conservative etcetera and 
hence the lower margins. 
Aankur Patni: 
No, that's not what I meant. When we look at forecasting the cost to 
completion for major projects, it always tends to be conservative towards 
the beginning of the contract and then it gets revised as the contract 
progresses. So there would be a few large contracts which are still at a 
relatively early stage of execution and hence we would tend to be 
conservative when we estimate the cost of completion. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough sir my last question is on the chemicals one we announced that 
we have started capex at Roha. So just wanted to clarify, this is the samethat 
we were waiting for environment clearance on and also there was some 
article which spoke about we putting our chemical facility in Orissa. So if we 
just clarify regarding the same. 
Aankur Patni: 
Roha is the one for which we were waiting for the environmental clearance. 
We have received that recently and the construction work has commenced. 
We expect that the plant will be operational by FY25-FY26. Regarding the 
investment in Orissa - yes, there is another backward integration project 
which is planned there. 
Pratik Kothari: 
What kind of CAPEX? What would you be doing there? 
Aankur Patni: 
It is still, at a relatively early stage, I will certainly give more information once 
the detailing is completed. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Fair enough. Thank you and all the best sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Dhruv Rathod from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Rathod: 
Good afternoon, Sir. So my first question was related to your engineering 
division. I just wanted to understand what is the red line while looking out 
for EPC contracts as there have been instances where players have burned 
money here by taking the wrong projects? 
Aankur Patni: 
That's right, EPC business tends to be a little tricky because while it gives a 
large quantum of revenue, but it does come  with the risks which needs to 
be managed. In terms of the type of errors one can make is by chasing 

topline and becoming too aggressive when bidding for the contract. We tend 
to be relatively conservative. We do not want to put our balance sheet and 
the bottom line at risk. So this is one area where we are very careful. The 
other is execution risk.  Challenges, whether it is technical, logistic, 
geopolitical or anything else which we expect to face when we are executing 
the contract. We are also very careful about the commercial terms, and 
there are numerous other parameters which we take into account when we 
consider which contracts to bid and which not to. This  has led to a slightly 
less aggressive topline growth but  we prefer to be safe than sorry . 
Dhruv Rathod: 
In your chemical business, what is the expectations for growth? What is 
exactly changing in that particular business? So initially your growth was not 
that strong, but now the expectation for growth is increasing. So how is it 
changing a lot? 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, the chemical business has been progressing steadily over the last few 
years. Top line growth has been fueled both by improvements in the 
domestic market and in the international market and also, our continuous 
effort to improve the product mix. We keep striving to weed out 
underperforming product lines and to add more and more of value added 
products to our portfolio. This has helped in not just ensuring the top line 
growth, but also to provide an additional fillip to the bottom line. About 
couple of years back we faced quite a bit of a challenge when there were 
sudden spikes in commodity prices across the globe and there were also 
supply chain challenges.  Fortunately, we have not encountered such issues 
during the last year and we had stability in commodity prices as well as 
relatively certain supply chain and exchange rate scenarios. The challenge 
continues to be the geopolitical situation which in some parts of the globe 
still affects the market. If we continue to have a stable scenario on all these 
fronts, we should be able to maintain our growth momentum and the 
margins that we have seen. 
Dhruv Rathod: 
Got it and just a final question, so you are still actually making losses on the 
consumer business. So what are your plans exactly and what needs to 
change in this particular business for it to improve? 
Aankur Patni: 
Yes, we have not turned around in the consumer business as we continue to 
invest for future growth. We could potentially have reported just about a 
break even, but we have incurred good amount of expenditure during the 

last few quarters as we ramp up the capabilities of this segment for future 
growth. There have also been significant expenditures on marketing, which 
has gone up during the year. All of this has contributed to bottom line, which 
is slightly shy of a break even. But we will continue to see good growth in 
this segment and hopefully we will be better off as far as the bottom line is 
concerned in the next year 
Dhruv Rathod: 
Alright, thank you so much for your answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC 
Mutual funds. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
 Sir, given the current order book and the business outlook you mentioned, I 
mean, what kind of growth we are possibly looking for our water business 
and chemical business in the current year? 
Aankur Patni: 
Our order book is quite strong and a good portion of that order book would 
need to get executed in the current year and therefore, the prospects for the 
current year are quite good. I would desist from giving out exact number 
guidance as of now. I will certainly give it after the first quarter is over. But as 
of now, I would just say that we expect significant growth in the current year 
as far as engineering business is concerned. On the chemical segment, we 
should continue to grow at a reasonable pace. Last year we have done 
roughly around 11 percent, we should be able to deliver a better number if 
the geopolitical situation in Europe and the America improves and we do 
hope that the export numbers would start ramping up again. If those things 
fall in line, chemical segment should also grow at a good pace. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
OK, sure and sir, what is the capital expenditure plan for next two years? 
Aankur Patni: 
We have the Roha project which is the resin manufacturing expansion that 
project would have roughly around 400 crores of investments and apart from 
the Roha project, we should be looking at around 60 crores in FY23-FY24. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
So cumulative will be for some 500 crores plus for the next two years. 
Aankur Patni: 
Over the next two years, yes, more than 500 crores. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Srishti Jain from 
Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Srishti Jain:  
Thank you for the opportunity sir, we are seeing desalinization plans coming 
from countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt or Africa. Are we looking for some 

opportunities there and for this quarter, like our exposure is the person with 
the sales has also decreased, what can be expected run rate moving forward 
till that? 
Aankur Patni: 
Sorry, your voice was not very clear to me. I understood that you were asking 
about potential of getting engineering contracts, including desalination from 
the export market, is that right? 
Srishti Jain: 
Right. 
Aankur Patni: 
Yes, we are actively working on a few projects, which means we are 
executing a few projects of that nature in Africa and in the Middle East and 
we continue to look at more prospects including of larger sizes. 
Srishti Jain:  
Sir exports has decreased significantly as of this quarter. So if you can give 
any number to that. 
Srishti Jain:  
This quarter as a percentage of revenue. 
Aankur Patni:  
I think for the year as a whole, our engineering exports have done quite well. 
If I exclude the Sri Lanka project, which you all know is for the moment going 
at a very slow pace. If I exclude the impact of the Sri Lanka project, exports 
have more than doubled.  
Vasant Naik: 
Excluding Sri Lanka, yes. 
Aankur Patni:  
As such we are doing well on engineering exports, and we should continue 
to do well the next year  
Srishti Jain:  
Thank you sir and sir for the current order book and bid pipeline, can you 
just break up between municipal and industrial order? 
Aankur Patni:  
Industrial would be roughly around 65%. 
Srishti Jain:  
OK. Thank you, Sir. That is all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Shah from Crown 
Capital, please go ahead. 
Rahul Shah:  
Hello, Sir. Good afternoon. My question was again on the, so you said you 
are not giving a quick guidance, but I just wanted to ask, do you see an 
improvement in FY24 from here on in terms of top line and EBITDA margins, 
especially the EBITDA margins which have dropped on a console level. 
Aankur Patni: 
I do expect significant growth on the top line. We spoke about order book 
that we carry, and additionally the expectations of reasonable conversions of 
the enquiry bank that we have. So the prospect for top line growth remains 

good. We also outlined the various reasons why the bottom line or the 
margin percentages have behaved in the way that they have. I would expect 
that if things remain in the channel of stability, we should be seeing an 
improvement here on. 
Rahul Shah: 
OK and you mentioned the 500 odd crores of CAPEX for the next two years. 
How are you planning to fund it? 
Aankur Patni:  
A portion of it would come from internal accruals and for the balance, we 
have already established conversation with the lenders, who would be in a 
position to fund it and we are pretty confident of getting whatever external 
funding that is required. 
Rahul Shah: 
And which division you feel will be key driver in FY24. I am sorry if it is a 
repeating one, but. 
Aankur Patni: 
Well, engineering has by far been the largest segment and it would continue 
to be the largest segment in the coming year also. 
Rahul Shah: 
Okay sir and thank you and all the best 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sanjay Kumar from 
ithought  Financial Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. First, just a clarification on the resin 
CAPEX. and in today's call you mentioned CAPEX of 500 crores in next two 
years. So are we doing both phase one and phase two back to back, if you 
could give the timeline for the recent CAPEX. 
Aankur Patni:  
The resin project is 400 crores and there are other CAPEX which are planned 
in other works of the company, other segments of the company and these 
CAPEX would add up to more than 100 crores over the next two years so the 
resin Project continues to be around 400 crores. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Got it and can you give the realization for the resin on average so in India 
Mart, I am seeing a range from Rs. 100 per kg to even 250 and what is the 
application of these resin for which we are putting a CAPEX, the EC report 
says end use is water treatment or is it across the board and the capacity is 
kind of fungible? 
Aankur Patni:  
The resin applications tend to be pretty wide. For most part it is used in 
water treatment, but the resin applications would also be in non-water kind 
of areas. It is used in purification, pharma, food-processing, extractions, 
enzymes and many more areas. So the applications tend to be very wide and 

depending upon the chemistry and the application and the complexity of the 
specific product involved, the prices of the product and also the margins 
vary. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
And what will be the resin sir, per kg realization on average rough figures will 
help in the potential revenue. 
Aankur Patni: 
They vary very widely. If you are trying to assess the kind of revenue that this 
CAPEX is going to bring in - Out of this CAPEX of 400 Cr, about 125 Cr is for a 
backward integration project, which is integrated with the resin plant. So if I 
exclude the impact of that, the project cost would be roughly around 275 Cr. 
The revenue potential would be roughly  2x of that. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Got it sir and what is driving this Capex because Thermax is also talking 
about a CAPEX in 18 months? Is there a ready import substitution 
opportunity or are we gaining market share from global players and exports? 
If you could give us a sense of why you are putting up this huge CAPEX given 
a competitor is also putting up CAPEX? 
Aankur Patni:  
Ion Exchange would have roughly a 40% market share in the Indian market 
and the Indian market continues to grow. Apart from that, in the 
international market, our market share would be a very small number, 
maybe around the 2% mark. So the headroom for growth in the 
international market is phenomenal and that is what we would tap into. We 
have got in the past, quite a good response from the international market 
and we expect that as we bring this capacity on board, we would be able to 
expand our share in international market. 
Sanjay Kumar:  
Predominantly for exports, so just one final request, Sir. I do not know if you 
have gone through the investor presentation of WABAG. They give very 
detailed information like breakup of geography segment wise not just for 
revenue they give for order intake and order book. They also list the key 
orders received and the order intake figure every quarter so if you could give 
that that will be very helpful and in terms of our order book and pipeline, 
can you give the breakup in terms of desalinating, ETP, STP and drinking 
water so that we could judge our forte of within these four and how do we 
compete with WABAG? 
Aankur Patni:  
Well, that is not a breakup that we typically provide. I can tell you that as far 
as industrial versus municipal is concerned, our order book would be roughly 

65% in favor of industry and as far as domestic versus international is 
concerned, we would be roughly around 85% domestic. 
Sanjay Kumar:  
And the in terms of water versus desal or ETP, do we have an upper hand in 
any of these segments or does WABAG have upper hand in desal for 
example. 
Aankur Patni:  
I am not getting into a competitive analysis, but I can tell you that we 
continue to do well on all product lines. We do not have a strong presence in 
the municipal segment and that is where some of our competitors may be s 
stronger. 
Sanjay Kumar:  
Got it. Thanks lot. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mahesh Agarwal from 
Agarwal Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers to you and the team. I wanted to 
take a step back and understand something at a bit more high level. So if you 
look at the Ion Exchange resins product that we have wanted to understand 
how our prices compared to Chinese manufacturers who sort of you know 
dominate I think around close to 40% of the market share and then either 
we that what is the risk of dumping by these players ever in India and if 
there is any import duties in place of that sort to protect against any kind of 
actions by Chinese players. 
Aankur Patni:  
In order to answer that question, let me give you a perspective of how a 
typical large user of resins would go about selecting the right product. He 
would not just look at price, but would also look at the quality of the 
products, the kind of support and service that one would provide and also 
the extent to which our products have been proven for the specific 
application. So in a typical scenario where the resins are used for critical or 
semi critical operation they would not go in for something which is not very 
well proven. So that is one aspect to consider., Chinese manufacturers of 
resins have been in the market for long number of years and they have tried 
to position themselves not just in the international market, but also in the 
Indian market. We managed to cope up with that scenario reasonably well 
till now and we hope that we would be able to continue with our strategies 
and be able to maintain market share in the domestic market. As far as the 
international market is concerned, the Chinese have been in a way, cost 
leaders for some time but their costs have undergone an increase over the 

last few years because of various issues including increased degree of 
compliance with environmental laws. So their costs are now at a higher level 
compared to what they were earlier. Over the past few years, we have been 
competing quite well with them on domestic front, and internationally as 
well. We hope that we will be able to further scale our market share in the 
international market. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood and sir just to understand a bit more on that. Would we be 
within say 10% or so broadly of prices of the Chinese guys just to understand 
where we as a country stand today relative to their kind of cost curve. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
It varies from product to product. There would always be differences and 
they would position themselves at a higher or lower level as far as cost is 
concerned depending upon the customer, the geography they are present 
etc. In some cases their prices may be higher price than us and in some 
cases, they could be marginally lower. In some specific circumstances, the 
price difference could be around 10%, but this cannot be generalized. . 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Got it and are there any import duties in place on our key products to 
protect from any kind of dumping scenario? 
Aankur Patni:  
Yes, the government does protect us through various means and measures. 
They haven't completely put an embargo on them, but it does provide a 
reasonable degree of protection but I would ask Vasant to clarify on the 
exact import duty, which is there on resin specifically. 
Vasant Naik: 
The custom duty on resins imported from China would be 8.25%. There is no 
anti dumping duty on the import of resins. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
That could be that could be something worth exploring and you know just 
keeping back of our mind in case that scenario ever pops up and if you could 
just share the same kind of understanding for our waste water treatment 
chemicals and the membrane aspect as well. How we kind of stack up there 
vis-a-vis Chinese or other global players. 
Aankur Patni:  
I would say that the same summary applies very much to almost all the 
product lines. Both with respect to the domestic consumers and the 
international consumers. Of course we have just recently started 
manufacturing membranes. We are quite new in the field and we are already 
running at more than 90% capacity utilization for our membrane plant. We 
just expanded capacity, which will double our capacity and I am expecting 
that we will use up this additional capacity within the next couple of years. 

We have already got our plans ready for further expansion, so membrane 
growth should happen at a rapid pace for us. We should be able to garner 
further market share in India as well as abroad. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood and just a last final up on this, if you could give us a sense of 
what percentage of chemicals is export today and then also what is kind of 
the right to win or what is driving more export demand for us? Is the China 
plus one that we are seeing play out in other industries also playing out for 
us where there is a move to just procuring from India due to quality service, 
price, or whatever other reasons. 
Aankur Patni:  
Share of exports in chemical would be roughly around 25% this year. As far 
as what is driving the export. China plus one was a significant consideration 
for some time. But advantages increase once we have got our foot in and the 
customers have experienced our products and our services, our ability to 
look at their issues and  solve it in a meticulous manner and further to these 
two aspects, the reliability of our company as a supplier. All of these factors 
have aided further expansion into the international customer mind space. I 
would believe that as time goes by the stickiness of these customers would 
be quite strong. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
That is all from my side. Thank you so much and good luck on the new 
Portugal subsidiary integration as well. we are looking forward to that. 
Aankur Patni:  
Yes, we are just going through the final phases and we do expect that the 
entity will start showing substantial contribution in the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
and Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, sir, you mentioned about at 125 crores 
for backward integration that goes into the 400 crore CAPEX. So if you could 
explain much more about what sort of backward integration will come into 
play and what would be the exact payback from this one 125 crores? 
Aankur Patni:  
I am afraid I would not be able to give you too much of detail on the 
backward integration, but it is targeted towards improvement in the cost 
profile of the product as well as to increasing the plant efficiency. I think 
overall we are expecting a payback for this project of roughly around four 
years. 

Saket Kapoor:  
And then you mentioned about 500 crore CAPEX that that includes also the 
Orissa one which is on the drawing board or that would be a separate 
project? 
Aankur Patni:  
No. Orissa Project is not included in this 500 crores. 
Saket Kapoor:  
And the for the other income part, I think so. This year, the other income 
when comparison to last year are on the similar line but we have booked it in 
separate quarters. So that has also resulted in this in the reporting numbers 
being different. So if you could explain the nature of other income 
appearance in last year 4th Quarter, it was 21 crores and this year it is 5.5 
crores. If you would explain the nature and what should be the trajectory 
going ahead in terms of the other income part and sir in the employee 
benefit expenses, you did mention that we are preparing ourselves with for 
higher scale of execution. So does that commensurate with this increasing 
the employee cost or is it the higher execution we have done in the 
engineering segment because of which the employee costs have also gone 
up. 
Aankur Patni:  
Let me address your question on other income first. During this last quarter, 
we had some exchange loss as against an exchange gain which happened in 
the previous year's 4th Quarter, so that is a significant swing which is causing 
a lot of difference in the overall number. As far as employee cost is 
concerned typically, the existing employees would get a pay increase every 
year, so that is normal increase, which would in any case happen. Further to 
that we have expanded manpower in various fronts. Engineering have 
certainly seen a substantial addition to manpower. There has also been 
addition to manpower in our consumer segment and other segments so 
overall the company is preparing and getting itself ready for a higher scale of 
operation and ensuring that the growth trajectory is maintained. 
Saket Kapoor:  
So sir if we look at the just continuation to it, if we look at the percentage of 
employee cost to this revenue. Is that a correct way to look at it because that 
would give it and understanding whether when we start booking executing 
order in a disproportionate way then this percentage will look lower. So can 
you give us some understanding for this quarter it is closer to 10% the 
employee benefit expense. 
Aankur Patni:  
Yes, his number would vary depending upon how much of revenue we have 
been able to book based on the additional manpower. If the manpower is 

recently added and the revenues would take a little time to fructify, the 
percentages would get skewed a little bit. That is what would happen in a 
period where we are adding substantial capabilities, especially for executing 
larger scale of projects in the coming period, the revenues for which have 
not yet come. 
Saket Kapoor:  
One small point also on the UP Jal Nigam Project then you can project what 
was the total size of the project and in percentage terms what portion of the 
project will get executed for this year. 
Aankur Patni:  
During the current year, the invoicing is a little less than 200 crores. The total 
estimated value of the contract is 1200 crores.  
Saket Kapoor:  
And for FY24, are we going to the execution will be done for this financial 
year or will it roll over to the next year also? 
Aankur Patni:  
We should be completing a major portion of this contract by FY23-24 and 
there will be a small spillover into FY24-FY25. 
Saket Kapoor:  
And does this contract have any O&M part also sir wherein we will be 
garnering post execution any revenue or an extended period. 
Aankur Patni:  
Yes, there is 10-year O&M after this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Kapoor we request that you return to the question queue for 
follow up questions. Next Question comes from the line of Akshat Mehta 
from Samiksha Capital Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta:  
Yeah. Thanks again. I just want to ask you know if I understand correctly, you 
said that in the chemical segment this quarter, as we have seen very good 
margins because there has been on account of the product mix, higher 
margin products have sold more during the quarter. Going forward, let us say 
for the next year, how do you see the margins in the chemicals segment, will 
it be around 24 to 25% itself or it can be higher? 
Aankur Patni:  
Well, we have seen the sequential improvements in the margins and are 
quite hopeful of meeting margins achieved in the FY22-23, however, it is 
contingent upon continued stability in commodity prices, stability in supply 
chain, exchange rate as well as also, the geopolitical situation in Europea 
remaining stable. 
Akshat Mehta: 
So maintain full year margin of 26 percent or quarter 4 margin of 30. Full 
year margin, right? 
Aankur Patni:  
I am talking about the full year margin. 

Akshat Mehta:  
and I also like to understand, you know, in terms of the new Portugal 
acquisition, can you provide some color on you know what is the kind of 
synergies that will come in and how do you see the top line and the bottom 
line going for that company in the next couple of years or so, broad color. 
Aankur Patni:  
Well, we should be able to. look at reasonably good growth coming in from 
the European market. Still, early days and I would not want to yet give 
number projections out as a guidance. However, we are confident of 
significantly building on our European business in next couple of years. 
 Akshat Mehta: 
OK. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique 
Portfolio Manager. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari:  
Thank you again. Sir, my one question to understand that thinking and our 
strategy, I mean earlier, for the resins plans are the CAPEX outlay of 200-250 
crores and you are adding about 125 crores of backward integration So just 
why so much focus on backward integration and what are we thinking and 
how are we thinking? 
Aankur Patni:  
Well, backward integration does give us significant cost advantage. We are 
not only looking at improving our overall paybacks for the investments which 
we are making fresh, which is in Roha but also for the investments in the 
product lines which are already in existence. So they would bring in an extra 
quantum of margin. As I said, on an overall basis with the advantage or 
benefit of the integrated project, we should see a payback of roughly 4 years 
for both the projects. 
Pratik Kothari:  
So all of this, the material or the base product that we were consuming to 
manufacture the resin were this all imported maybe from China and that is 
why we are doing this. 
Aankur Patni:  
We have spoken about one of the key raw material component of resins 
being styrene which we can source both internationally as well as in the 
domestic market. However, this particular project that we are talking about 
is not intended to be for styrene. 
Pratik Kothari:  
OK, fair enough and sir we consolidated two of our subsidiaries this year 
within ourselves  
Aankur Patni:  
Sorry, Pratik, I could not get your question very clearly. 

Pratik Kothari:  
Sir my question was we consolidated two of our wholly owned subsidiaries 
within Ion Exchange this year and we were on a path to kind of simplify the 
corporate structure. So if you can highlight are there more subsidiaries that 
we plan to consolidate this year. 
Aankur Patni:  
We are in the process of merging three subsidiary companies into Ion 
Exchange and we would look at more possibilities after we complete this 
particular phase. 
Pratik Kothari:  
Fair enough. Great and thank you again. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for 
today. We have reached the end of question and answer session. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. N.M. Ranadive from Ion 
Exchange India Limited for closing comments.  
N.M. Ranadive: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings concall. I hope we have been 
able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further 
questions or would like to know more about the company, we would be 
happy to be of assistance. We are very thankful to all our investors who 
stood by us and also had confidence in the company's growth plan and with 
this I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Iron Exchange India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
