 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
The Officer-In-Charge (Listing) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MINDACORP 
Head - Listing Operations, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 538962 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Subject: Transcription of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts held on 19th May 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached herewith transcription of Conference call with Investors/Analysts held on 
May 19, 2023. Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
Kindly let us know if any other information is required in this regard. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Minda Corporation Limited 
 
 
Pardeep Mann 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A13371 
 
PARDEE
P MANN
Digitally signed 
by PARDEEP 
MANN 
Date: 2023.05.24 
15:09:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Minda Corporation Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2023 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AAKASH MINDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
FINANCE & STRATEGY 
 
 
MR. NEERAJ MAHAJAN – GROUP PRESIDENT, 
MARKETING 
 
MR. VINOD RAHEJA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
MR. ANSHUL SAXENA – GROUP HEAD STRATEGY AND 
MERGER & ACQUISITIONS 
 
MS. PUSHPA MANI – LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call of Minda Corporation hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Jacob. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we are 
pleased to welcome you to Minda Corporation's 4Q FY '23 Earning Call. We 
thank the management for providing us the opportunity. From the management 
side, we have with us: Mr. Aakash Minda, Executive Director, Finance & 
Strategy, Mr. Neeraj Mahajan, Group President, Marketing; Mr. Vinod Raheja, 
Group CFO; Mr. Anshul Saxena, Group Head, Strategy & Mergers & 
Acquisitions; and Ms. Pushpa Mani, Lead Investor Relations. 
Before we begin this, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's earnings call will be forward-looking in nature. 
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may 
cause actual result to differ from the anticipated outcome. Now we hand over 
the call to Mr. Aakash Minda for opening remarks, post which we'll have the 
Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Aakash Minda: 
So good afternoon, everybody. Thank you, Abhishek and Dolat Capital, for 
holding the conference call for Minda Corporation. I would like to begin. Good 
evening, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
of Minda Corporation. On behalf of the company, I thank you all for joining 
us on this conference call and hope all your families are keeping safe and 
healthy. 
In fiscal year 2023, the overall industry experienced double-digit growth across 
vehicle segments except two-wheeler, where the growth has been sluggish due 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 3 of 24 
 
to rural demand and under pressure on the back of negative rural sentiments 
due to inflationary pressures, rising vehicle cost and increasing fuel prices. 
Despite the same, Minda Corporation recorded another year of resilient and 
better-than-industry performance with revenue from operations of INR 4,300 
crores, a growth of 45% year-on-year basis. EBITDA margin for the year 
improved by 83 basis points to 10.7%. We delivered double-digit EBITDA 
margin for 11th straight quarters. Normalized PAT for the year stood at INR 
219 crores with a PAT margin of 5.1%. 
The growth was driven by addition of new customers and products, 
premiumization across products, leading to increase in kit value and increasing 
business with existing and new customers. In line with the company's 
philosophy to reward its shareholders, the Board of Directors have declared a 
final dividend of 40% on the face value, that is INR 0.80 per equity share, 
taking the total dividend for the year to 60%, that is INR 1.20 per equity share. 
Now I would like to take you all through the key developments during the year. 
The company entered into two strategic technology partnerships with Daesung 
Eltec from Korea for advanced driver assistance system and with LocoNav for 
telematics software solutions. These partnerships not only make us a complete 
solutions provider but also place us ahead of the technology curve. 
Second, at Minda Corporation, we are continuously committed to drive 
innovation. The company has filled highest-ever quarterly patent of more than 
20 patents across various business verticals, taking the total patent count to 
more than 250. Third, this year remained a marquee year for the two-wheeler 
smart key business, which continued to gain traction and clocked more than 
10% of the total two-wheeler lockset revenue with key customers, including 
all the leading names in ICE and EV two-wheeler OEMs globally. 
The company inaugurated a state-of-the-art plant in Q3FY '23 and is planning 
to add other plants as per capacity additional requirements. These plants not 
only increase our production capacities and keep us closer to the customer, but 
are also well equipped with advanced machines backed by cutting-edge 
technology. 
Next, in line with the company's focus on its offering in the electric vehicle 
space, we've added prominent new customers in the electric vehicle portfolio 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 4 of 24 
 
in domestic as well as export segment. In the financial year '23, EV order book 
accounts for more than 20% of the total order book.  
Our order book remains very strong, in line to achieve 20% to 25% year-on-
year growth for the next 2 to 3 years. In the financial year 2023, Minda 
Corporation generated a healthy lifetime order book of INR 7,800 crores, 
giving an annual revenue of more than INR 2,000 crores across segments and 
products. Out of this, 20% came from the EV industry and EV OEMs and 
platforms representing our various products growing acceptability and 
readiness for EV mobility going forward. During the year, we made a financial 
investment of INR 400 crores in Pricol from open market, acquiring 15.7%. 
We have applied for CCI application for stake acquisition of up to 24.5% at 
this stage, in line with all governance and compliance requirements. 
We continue to be very bullish on the instrument cluster business and as a 
product segment to grow. We are focused to solidify our market position by 
providing high-quality, innovative products and securing new business from 
our customers in our core products, including various products such as 
locksets, vehicle access, wiring harness, driver information systems, sensors, 
EV products as well as other products. Moreover, all our products are 
undergoing premiumization, resulting in enhanced content value. 
Now I'll take you through the key highlights of the investor presentation. I 
request you to please refer to the presentation we have uploaded. I move to 
Slide 3, which is sharing about Spark Minda Group, Minda Corporation. At 
the group level, we are reporting about INR 5,000 crores company with 16,000 
workforce, 34 plants and having more than 9 partnerships in the automotive 
space. 
Going to the next page. It shares about Minda Corporation's global and 
domestic presence, which shows a strong foothold on the domestic segment 
across automotive regions in north, west and south as well as international 
operations of Vietnam, Indonesia and having an office in Japan. 
Moving to the next slide of highlights of quarter 4 and full year performance. 
For the Q4FY'23, the revenue growth for the quarter continues to outperform 
the industry performance; double-digit EBITDA margin for 11th straight 
quarter on a sequential basis; total lifetime order book in the quarter stood at 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 5 of 24 
 
INR 2,000 crores with more than 11% export orders; highest-ever quarterly 
patent filing with more than 20 patents filled during this quarter. Two-wheeler 
continued to gain traction with more than 10% of the total two-wheeler lockset 
revenue. 
For the full year, Minda Corporation's revenue grew 45% year-on-year despite 
of challenging macro and microeconomic conditions. EBITDA margin 
improved by 83 basis points to 10.7% on year-on-year basis. We won business 
across segments and EV, constituting almost 18% to 20% of the order wins. 32 
patents filed within the year, total patents in the company now stands at 250-
plus, signed 2 technology partnerships for our new technology products like 
ADAS & Telematics. 
Moving to the next slide, slide 6, which shows the snapshot of consistent and 
sustainable market-leading profitable growth. On the top part, there is quarterly 
revenue, EBITDA and PAT. If I look at year-on-year, the revenue has grown 
by 13%. EBITDA has grown from INR 108 crores to INR117 crores, 9%. And 
PAT, normalized PAT has grown from INR 54 crores to INR 56 crores, a 
growth by 4%. 
If I look at the annual revenue growth from INR 2,976 crores, the company has 
posted revenue of INR 4,300 crores, which is a 45% jump, and in EBITDA, 
from 9.9% to 10.7%, in absolute terms, INR 295 crores to INR 461 crores, 
which is a 57% jump. And PAT margins go from INR 137 crores to INR 219 
crores, which is a 60% jump. 
Moving to the next slide, slide 7, which is the key business highlights and order 
wins across various products. Our new technology products of integrated 
vehicle assets continue to lead the market. We have won orders for EV die 
casting products for export as well as domestic OEMs; first time products on 
wiring harness for OBD2 norms; the new technology products in the 
commercial vehicle sector as well as two-wheeler segment; and the cluster 
division in the new technology of TFT and LCD’s. These are the marquee 
businesses starting production in FY '23. 
Moving to the next slide, which is showing a snapshot of Minda Corporation. 
The total number of shareholders are, at the end of this year, about 90,000. The 
promoters hold 65% and other institutions & retail Shareholders hold the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 6 of 24 
 
remaining. On the left, we show the various customers and manufacturing 
facilities. 
Moving to the next slide, on slide nine, which shows the industry performance. 
Automotive sector grew quarter 4 year-on-year basis by 1.7%, almost flat. 
Two-wheelers degrew by 3%. On a year-on-year full year basis, automotive 
industry grew by 12.5%, two-wheelers by 9%, PV by 25%, three-wheelers by 
13%, CV by 29%, tractors by 11.5%. Overall, demand continues to remain 
strong across segments despite of the various challenges on semiconductor and 
other macro concerns. 
Moving to the next slide, which is the revenue breakdown by geography. India 
continues to remain the largest share with 84% in this year compared to last 
year. Europe and North America are about the same, 8% from 10%. And 
Southeast Asia are about 8% from 6%. By end market, the two- and three-
wheeler segment continue to be about 44% from 47%. Passenger vehicle is 
about 14%. Commercial vehicles are about 30% from 23%. And aftermarket 
is about 12% from 15%. By business verticals, the mechatronics and 
aftermarket are about 48%. Information and connected systems, which is 
wiring, is about 36%. And cluster and sensors are about 16%. 
Moving to the next slide, which is slide 11. It shows from last year to this year, 
the vehicle access business continues to be about 26%; wiring harness is about 
30%; clusters are about 12%; and DCD, or die casting, is about 17%; and others 
now 15%. 
So, we are still the market leader in two-wheeler lockset and wiring harness, 
pioneer in keyless entry solutions business. Moving from mechanical cluster 
to incorporate latest technologies in TFT displays. The company is one of the 
key players in two-wheeler and CV segment, of late also gaining traction in 
PV segment. In die casting division, we focus on niche products, which are 
more margin-accretive. 
Moving to slide 11 on the order book status, as shown earlier, we have booked 
orders worth INR 7,800 crores this year, where replacement business is about 
INR 3,600 crores and lifetime new business is about INR 4,200 crores. And 
20% of this is marked by EVs. More than INR 1,000 crores worth of export 
orders across various products and segments were booked during this year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 7 of 24 
 
Moving to the next slide of the consolidated performance for the year. On 
quarter 4 year-on-year basis, the revenue grew from INR 948 crores to INR 
1,075 crores, giving a year-on-year increase of 13.4%. EBITDA grew from 
INR 108 crores to INR 117 crores with Y-o-Y increase of 8.5%. And EBITDA 
margin went from 11.4% to 10.9% across various challenges. The PBT grew 
from INR 72 crores to INR 67 crores. And the normalized PAT was INR 56 
crores. 
On a year-on-year on full year basis, the total revenue of INR 2,976 crores, it 
grew to INR 4,300 crores, a 45% jump. EBITDA has grown by 56.7% from 
INR 295 crores to INR 461 crores. For full year, EBITDA percentage has 
grown from 9.9% to 10.7%. Normalized PAT has increased from INR 137 
crores to INR 219 crores, up by approximately 60% and 50 basis points. 
On domestic front in quarter 4 and full year, industry grew by 1.7% and 12.5%, 
respectively while Minda Corporation grew at 13.4% and 25%. Exports are in 
line with the top line going forward. It continues to be driven by addition of 
new customers across geographies. The EBITDA margin was delivered in spite 
of the commodity prices showing rising trends and semiconductor supply chain 
easing out. Board of Directors has declared a final dividend of 40%, that is INR 
0.80 per equity share, total dividend for the year of 60%, that is INR 1.20 per 
equity share. 
Slide 14 on the consolidated leverage position compared year-on-year. Net 
worth of the company has increased to INR 1,591 crores. The long-term 
borrowings stand at INR 235 crores and the short-term borrowing is at INR 
218 crores. Gross debt overall has gone from INR 391 crores to INR 553 
crores. Overall, the net debt to net worth is at comfortable 0.25x. Capital 
employed at the group level is about INR 1,530 crores. ROCE has increased 
from 18.4% to 20.8%. 
Moving to the next slide, which is slide 15, on the business vertical 
performances. If I look at the business vertical, which is the mechatronics and 
aftermarket, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, sales have gone from INR 547 
crores to INR 535 crores and EBITDA margin from 13.8% to 13.9%. Revenue 
grew by 10% on a year-on-year basis due to increase in share of business 
premiumization against market growth of 1.7%. Margin declined due to 
stagnancy of exports, mainly due to geopolitical situation in Europe. On a full 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 8 of 24 
 
year basis, on the right side, the division has performed better with 
Mechatronics and others revenue going up from INR 1,687 crores to INR 2,061 
crores and EBITDA margin growing from 12.3% in FY22 to 13.5% in FY23. 
In the information and connected systems, now consists of wiring harness and 
instrument cluster and sensors. On the revenue point, it has gone from INR 462 
crores in Q4FY22 to INR 540 crores in Q4FY23 and sequentially on QoQ from 
INR 522 crores to INR 540 crores. The revenue was supported by demand in 
domestic market. Margins improved due to wiring harness margins 
continuously on the rising trend due to various factors, such as component 
localization. Minda Instruments, margins improved mainly due to 
semiconductor supply chain easing out and better operational efficiency. On 
the full year, the revenue stands at INR 2,249 crores with 8.2% EBITDA 
margin. 
Moving to the next slide. It shows the journey of new alliances in the recent 
past. So, this is just to share with you again that in this financial year, we have 
signed two partnerships in ADAS solutions and telematic solutions to complete 
our technology edge and focus on offering products and system solutions to 
the customers. 
Now moving to the strategic pillars on slide 18. We continue to focus on 
enhancing the core. Innovation and technology continue to be the core in terms 
of our in-house R&D centre and partnering of the global players. First, how we 
can enhance electric vehicle growth opportunities. And all the Minda 
Corporation products are EV-agnostic. Strengthening the passenger vehicle 
offerings with in-house as well as partnerships. Transforming and becoming a 
complete solution provider, focusing on cost leadership in manufacturing and 
thought leadership when it comes to technology. Premiumization and product 
innovation in all business segments continue to drive content per vehicle, and 
most important, deliver better-than-industry growth and continue improve 
margin profile. 
Moving to the next slide on the engineering capability. We have now more 
than 250 patents. More than 2% continues to be the R&D spend and the 
following year will be continuing to increase further. And we have more than 
500 engineers all across various technology and products. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 9 of 24 
 
Moving to the next slide on the electric vehicle opportunity. This is just 
showing the various products that we offer in the two-wheeler segment, various 
old and new customers that we continue to add and the potential kit value going 
from INR 4,000 to about INR 20,000 in our legacy and products that we are 
already manufacturing and supply as well as under development. 
Moving on to the next slide is the value proposition of Minda Corporation. So 
just in the interest of time, I will skip this. But the interest and focus continues 
to be on how we can perform sustainable and grow year-on-year and quarter-
on-quarter, delivering our customers and focusing on innovation and 
technology. 
Last not the least is our immense focus on the ESG framework and how to 
become carbon-neutral in the next years. Minda Corporation has also won 
various awards from our customers and across various social responsibility 
campaigns that have been conducted not only in India but across the world. 
With this, I would like to conclude my presentation. And now I would like to 
open the floor for any questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
First of all, congrats on a strong set of numbers in this tough time. My first 
question is related to the information and connected systems business. So how 
do you see the growth going ahead in the wiring harness business? And what 
kind of the margin guidance you have in this business? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, Abhishek, wiring harness continues to be the nervous system of the 
vehicle. And if you see the latest trends from BS-IV to BS-VI and in various 
segment such as electric vehicle mobility, more-and-more premiumization 
happening in the car. The content of the wiring harness is set to grow forward 
and even more. It depends on the segments as well as on the ICE or EV type 
of a vehicle. But technically, again I would not be able to give you a number 
on the particular growth. But it is going to be in line or even better than the 
industry growth, having more-and-more content per vehicle, such as connected 
systems in the electrical vehicle mobility and others. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 10 of 24 
 
On the margin front, we do not give future guidance. But again, our endeavour 
is to continue to improve the performance on the wiring harness due to the 
various initiatives that we have been continuously taking on manpower 
productivity, component localization, strengthening our plants and production 
process. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So as the semiconductor prices is going down, can we see a double-digit 
margin in the wiring harness business? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, semiconductor is more related to our electronics business, which comes to 
the clusters and sensors and now the keyless solutions and the electric vehicle 
mobility. In wiring harness, yes, there are some semiconductors, depending on 
the end application and the products. But wiring harness is not too much 
invested when it comes to the semiconductors. It is the other product lines 
where we have more electronics. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay, sir. And in wiring harness business, how was the rates in FY '23, two-
wheelers, CVs and the passenger vehicles and Off Road? 
Aakash Minda: 
So largely, it remains in line with the group overall segmentation. So about 
50% comes from the two-wheelers, about 25% to 30% comes from the 
commercial vehicles and the remaining comes from off-road and other 
segments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir, my question was on the mechatronics division. So, with respect to the 
locksets, I wanted to understand what is your share of business with top 
customers like Bajaj, HMSI, TVS, Hero, Suzuki? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, ma'am, I will not be able to share the exact numbers. That is the confidential 
information. But largely wherever and whichever product Minda Corporation 
works in, either with the customer or in the segment, we are one of the leaders, 
having more than 30% or 35% share of business across segments. In the two-
wheeler lockset, which is higher, we have more than about 40%, if I may say. 
All customer segment level, it may vary from different customer-to-customer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. But could you tell us where the share of business is higher, 
from which customers and from which it would be lower? Like maybe, higher 
from Bajaj and lower from TVS, is that the case? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ma'am, I think you are putting a question in just another way. As I told you, at 
the industry level it is more than 40%. I will not be able to give you a breakup 
due to confidentiality with our customers on the customer breakup. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. No worries. Sir, that Honda Activa, the new series scooter launched 
by HMSI. So, I believe they have a different kind of lockset. I'm not sure 
whether we can call it smart locks, but maybe an advanced lock system. So, 
are we supplying that product to them? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ma'am, as I said, I cannot disclose a particular customer name for the products. 
But yes, Honda is one of our customers for the keyless solutions. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. So then from the industry perspective, I believe in your opening 
remarks, you mentioned that 10% of the revenue is from smart locks. And in 
the industry, you are talking about, I mean, what is the penetration of smart 
lock in the industry today? And how do you see it in the next three to four 
years? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ma'am, currently, the industry in India is about 5% to 7% in the penetration of 
the smart access solutions. Of course, with exports and the large premium bikes 
and the EVs coming in, the penetration is much higher compared to the lower-
end segments and the commuter bikes. 
Radha: 
5% to 7%? So that is including the… 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, that is right. For the two-wheelers, I mean, the next mid-term to long term, 
this definitely will be increasing from two perspectives. One, when the 
premiumization across verticals is happening, customer demand is focusing 
more on personalization and convenience and comfort moving from high end 
to the lower end of these vehicles. And of course, the export market continues 
to grow as well. 
Radha: 
Sir, how much do you see this 5% to 7% in the next few years? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ma'am, it depends again, but technically, we can say in the next mid-term to 
long term, about 30% to 40% should be the target that we have in mind. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Radha: 
Sir, any models that you can name, which are having 5% to 7%, I mean, which 
we can call as smart locks. You may not be supplying to them, I'm not asking 
about your supplies. But I mean, what are the models that are currently using 
smart locks in the two-wheeler industry in the Indian market? 
Aakash Minda: 
For example, there's Ola Electric, there is Hero VIDA. There are some TVS 
products. There are Bajaj Chetak. So, we have some of the models. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, Bajaj Chetak will call that as a smart lock, wouldn't they? The button 
and -- they have that button system okay, understood, sir. And sir, what would 
be the price difference you said between normal locks versus smart locks? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ma'am, a normal lockset is about INR 300 to INR 400. And the smart lock, 
where the locks are keyless ignition, can depend on the various configurations. 
But the average rate price is about INR 2,000 to INR 3,000. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. And sir, lastly, what would be your maintenance capex per year? 
Aakash Minda: 
Ma'am, typically, our depreciation is about 4% to 5%. And typically speaking 
about maintenance for regular capex is typically about 1%. 
Radha: 
Maintenance capex, 1%. 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. Maintenance and other regular capex, not particularly maintenance capex. 
Radha: 
Sir, 1% of what? 
Aakash Minda: 
The revenue, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhananjay Kumar Mishra. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. Sir, just wanted to understand in 
the EV segment, this kit value, which you have mentioned. So, from 
traditionalized ICE vehicle, then we are close to I mean, we can provide the kit 
value up to close to INR 8,000 to INR 10,000. So, have we reached this kit 
value for any of the customer as of now or where we are in terms of kit value 
with a particular customer? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Aakash Minda: 
So, as I mentioned, this is the potential maximum kit value that we can offer. 
Currently, if I say that we are offering somewhere between INR 10,000 to INR 
12,000 is what we have currently reached and which is under mass production. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Can you repeat? I didn't get the numbers. 
Aakash Minda: 
INR 10,000 to INR 12,000. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And that is a potential we can -- but are we -- have we got order from any 
customer to get this much kit value for a particular model? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, we have. I cannot name the customer or model, but… 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
No, I was just asking, I mean, whether we -- because you have increased this 
mechatronic, we have increased our -- this thing by INR 2,000 to INR 3,000. 
And then in information and connected systems, we have increased to INR 
2,000. So, we can provide INR 8,000 to INR 10,000 kind of products for EV. 
So that's what I ask. And in terms of just for the earlier cost, what was the total 
capex put together in FY '23 and whether it be maintenance or new capex, or 
what is your plan, if you can give for FY '24 as well? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, for the last year or the full year FY '23, it's INR 250 crores. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And breakup you can give, specifically in which segment we have? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, breakup is generally, if I may say, is about 2% to 2.5% growth in the 
engineering and R&D, about 1% to 1.5% growth in the regular and 
maintenance capex, about 1% to 2% growth in our plant upgradation or new 
plants or other such things. So, this is the breakup of the 4% - 5% of the capex. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, for growth, we don't need to increase capacity for a particular plant 
capacity. This is regular maintenance and this will do will take care of growth 
for next two, three years? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, different plants and different product lines have different capacity 
utilizations. So, mechatronics or business vertical 1 in the keyless solution or 
in the lockset, have about 55% to 60%. In the wiring harness, again we are 
about 58% or 60% capacity utilization, in interior plastic about 80% and EV 
division is currently is still near about low 25% to 30%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 14 of 24 
 
This is just some of the numbers that I'm giving you as we're coming up with 
the new plants, new low-cost automation as well as we focus on, with current 
infrastructure, how we can increase our revenues and having flexible lines and 
other such innovative ideas on how we can sweat our assets more and generate 
more-and-more revenues & profitability. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And lastly, one question with this die casting, if you could give the 
quarterly revenue number for die casting and for the full year also, how it has 
grown? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. For the quarter 4, for the die casting, INR 185 crores. For the full year, 
for the die casting, about INR 730 crores. On a full year basis from -- in FY 
'22, it was INR 522 crores. So, on a full year basis, it has grown about 40%. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. But just one more question with the investment to Pricol. So, we have 
shown intent to increase our stake in the company. So, are we also in talks with 
them, I mean, any advanced talk is happening or you're just stated the Board 
approval? 
Aakash Minda: 
It’s a financial investment in terms, Dhananjay. And we have applied for CCI 
full governance and compliance. So that's where it basically stands as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Desai from Pendulum 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir, I had two questions on the macro front. So, I just wanted to check with 
you, how has the global market landscape impacted your company's 
performance? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, besides India, if you look at various reports, like the next 10 years are India 
Inc., and due to the various concerns of geopolitical issues, COVID etc., of 
course, the other markets are under pressure, whether it's America or Europe 
or other such countries. So, coming to Minda Corporation, definitely exports 
for this particular quarter are under pressure. But our interest and focus is 
always to be winning new orders. So, even when there is a pressure from the 
export market, we try to outperform them. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sure, sir. Sir, also, I just wanted to check what are the steps that we are taking 
to address the supply chain challenges and disruptions? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Aakash Minda: 
So, there are various activities or actions and strategies are in place. First, 
commodity inflation or indexation, we have back-to-back agreement with our 
customers. And we have strategy, strategizing with our suppliers as well in 
terms of time and amount. That's number one. 
Number two, of course, there are various strategies when China Plus One de-
risking or that are happening. So, we are looking at localization of our 
components to our various suppliers and supply partners. As an organization, 
now we are heavily working on various important topics such as the quality, 
cost and competitiveness with our business partners. So as a group, we want to 
take up our supplier partners the way our OEMs have taken and groomed up 
and grown up over the years. That's our strategy so that we grow with us to 
support the next generation of technologies and the requirements that are there 
from a financial perspective, financial health perspective, quality, operations 
and, of course, all compliance perspective, including ESG as well. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. Sir, also, I just wanted to check, what is the progress on 
ongoing research and development initiatives? 
Aakash Minda: 
As I said that we continue to focus on our own core products and areas and 
technologies. The idea is that how we can focus on the case or case which is 
connected, autonomous, shared and electrification. So, all the products are 
going through the premiumization route and using the comfort, convenience 
and individualization and personalization. So, we are now focusing on how all 
our products can be moved and can be taken shaped with these requirements 
and trends. 
So, we are making all our products into electronics and adding with our own 
design centre for how we can focus on personalization in different processes 
and different types of thing on that aspect. We continue to also have multiple 
new R&D and innovation products and projects, which are totally advanced, 
and new for not only India but for the world, which are under the incubation 
phase or are in the R&D phase for various technologies in our own product 
line and how we can look at into new technology and new partnerships 
perspective. 
On the electric vehicle space as well, on electric vehicle mobility, we continue 
to add products in-house as well as through partners, through technology 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 16 of 24 
 
partners as well as engineering centers on the product capability. Also, as an 
organization from our R&D center, we are working on filling more-and-a 
greater number of patents and how to improve the design quality within 
automotive and coming up with new trends and technology that you will see 
in the new vehicles available in two-wheelers or four-wheelers. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. Sir, lastly, one broad question, which I wanted to ask you 
is that, sir, as an investor, say, currently five years down the line, what would 
be the strategy of a company and from current where we are? How do you look 
at the company, say, five years down the line, sir? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, at a very large level, we would like to move from components to complete 
system solutions provider. All the product lines and the domain, what we are 
doing is we would like to develop our different technologies and complete 
system solution offering with respect to the three or four product lines and the 
product domains, which we are into, currently running many products, and how 
we will be consolidating and integrating them to offer a system solution. 
From that perspective, also having a downstream plan in terms of our 
operational excellence and becoming a cost leadership in that respect. And of 
course, all the value chain, when it comes to the people and employees and 
partners. On the numbers front, of course, we would like to move ahead of the 
market. If the market is growing flat, we would like to be higher by about 10% 
to 15% and which we have consistently showed over the last 2.5 years, three 
years. And also, in the remarks, I also mentioned that I would like to -- we 
would like to have an organization committed to grow above 20% to 25% year-
on-year at Minda Corporation. Most importantly, it has to be a sustainable and 
a growth journey quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harish Shah from HS Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Harish Shah: 
So, this is basically with regards to how do you see operational efficiency 
kicking in? Are we taking any digital transformation initiative? And the second 
question is with respect to expanding our international footprint, if you can 
provide any steps that we have taken for that? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So again, we are into the manufacturing business and automotive. So 
definitely, operational excellence is the most important forty for us. And 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 17 of 24 
 
especially with the ongoing setups and technology changes and the customer 
demand, we have to fall much faster in line. 
For those initiatives, we are, firstly, setting up and providing our state-of-art 
plants and improving end-to-end traceability, low-cost automation, robotics, 
business excellence, IoT and all such digital control in the process. And we are 
partnering up, and already we have partnered up with various external 
companies to strengthen this. And also, we have a very strong internal team to 
continue on the group business excellence, what we call. Sorry, can you maybe 
repeat the second question, please? 
Harish Shah: 
Sir, my second question was with regards to strengthening our international 
and global presence. If you can just provide any update, any direction towards 
that aspect? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. So of course, there are two cores to that. We are based in India. What we 
are focusing on how we can, firstly, increase the exports content and products 
from India to all over the world, looking at the various good opportunities that 
are coming across the Indian continent. That's number one. We do not have 
plans to acquire any companies which are having large operation based 
overseas. So, our focus remains on how we can be in India and work for the 
exports and have a larger share of revenue from the export businesses in the 
next years to come. 
Harish Shah: 
Okay. And my last question is with regards to our mechatronics division. How 
do you see the margin panning up in the coming quarters? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, the mechatronics division in our presentation also we had showed at about 
13% to 14% EBITDA. While, of course, we want to grow this and we will see 
in upcoming quarters and there will be increase in the content electronics, 
etcetera, first and most important is to stabilize this. And then we will continue 
to improve its year-on-year. We're changing technology, we need to first utilize 
our capacities, get adjusted to the new volumes and the customer demand, 
deliver most importantly and then focus on how growing year-on-year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Saral Seth from Indsec Securities & Finance Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Saral Seth: 
Sir, my question pertains to how do we plan to increase our content per vehicle 
from here going ahead over the next 2 to 3 years across segments? Because we 
are seeing decent premiumization, which is happening across the board. So, do 
we still feel that there is room for further penetration in our products to increase 
content per vehicle? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, absolutely, it is not even the beginning, if I may say, Saral. As you see the 
bike, cars, etc., are all going through premiumization. And if I speak about our 
products for vehicle access, so from a traditional lock and key, as I mentioned 
earlier, we're now moving to keyless solutions. And this is only the 5% to 7% 
penetration as of now. Going forward, of course, it is only going to increase. 
When it comes to the wiring harness content and increasing kit value, as I had 
mentioned earlier as well, the increasing number of connection systems, high-
voltage cables, more complex wiring harnesses are definitely going to lead to 
increase in the content per vehicle. In the instrument clusters and space analog 
clusters are moving to digital and TFT clusters with more of personalization 
and comfort and convenience which is more of a dashboard or a cockpit and 
more driver information system and connected. 
So, this is how the clusters are now moving, which all of us would like to get 
connected to our phone and others. That is again a very less penetration. And 
all these technologies are into the only high-end vehicles, whether in two-
wheelers or four-wheelers. And slowly, they will rather pass. They will come 
into the low-cost commuter segments, which is where the volume lies across 
India. Other product lines that we're also continuously adding is again in terms 
of sensors, increasing the portfolio. 
Interior plastic division, we've added many products such as ADAS, Shark fin 
antenna, flush door handles and other various technologies, particularly in the 
EV space and electronics of telematics intelligent transportation, there is a vast 
array of products, which are now moving from a traditional car or a two-
wheeler to a high-end connected, personalized and advanced vehicle. So, this 
is how the penetration will increase and more and more kit value for Minda 
Corp will increase. 
Saral Seth: 
Right, sir, that was very detailed answer. Sir, my second question is on the 
aluminium die casting. How do you see the business shaping up over the next 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 19 of 24 
 
2 to 3 years? We have done well to ramp up this business. But do you see any 
competition in this business? Or do you feel that there is enough room for 
growth? 
Aakash Minda: 
There is definitely a lot of opportunity when it comes to the light weighting 
aspect. Because when more and more electric vehicle mobility is coming in 
and the world is speaking about emission systems and the other such things, 
which is where the aluminium casting or the die casting comes in. And as I 
would like to again share, Minda Corporation die casting division has a 40% 
year-on-year growth in this last year and more and more exports coming in 
going forward. 
So definitely, there is a room for growth. We would like to continue to focus 
on our domestic as well as export market. We have a strong team with excellent 
amount of technology to cater to the need. We are well placed in the next 4 to 
5 years with respect to any technology that is needed in the light weighting 
solutions. 
Saral Seth: 
And sir, this aluminium die casting, how much would be domestic and how 
much would be export, sir, if you can share that number? 
Aakash Minda: 
So technically, you may say about 60% is domestic and about 35% - 40% is 
exports. 
Saral Seth: 
And would it be fair to assume, sir, that the margins in this business are higher 
than the blended margin, sir? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes, of course. But I would like to also highlight that the capex and the below 
EBITDA number just in terms of depreciation are also higher in this business 
compared to others because it is a highly capital-intensive business. 
Saral Seth: 
And sir, any new product launches, which we are doing in aluminium die 
casting wherein we can gain market share or take new orders? 
Aakash Minda: 
Yes. The focus is definitely on electric vehicle mobility. There are various 
players and there are many opportunities that are coming in again from the 
motors or battery package housing or other converter businesses. So, there are 
various product lines that we are working on for the EV die casting products. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Saral Seth: 
And sir, my final question, if I can squeeze in, sir, what is the -- I mean, there 
were questions about margin trajectory. But I would like to understand what 
are the levers for margins going ahead? Is it like sustained cost optimization? 
Or are its raw material tailwinds? Or is its better realization-led operational 
efficiency which could come in, sir? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, I think you answered all your questions you had asked. But it's the mix of 
all. And again, while there are pressures from the raw material, wage increase 
to various states like we have seen all across, the margin definitely continues 
to be under pressure. But as an organization, our focus is on how to gain cost 
leadership in the manufacturing from in-house all the way to our suppliers. 
So definitely, the indication with our partners, how we can focus on increasing 
productivity and manpower productivity improvement, more and more 
dependent on automation and robots is something that we will be looking at in 
the future. As well as the products that we are going to be working on and are 
working on, of course, we'll be needing much more automation rather than 
manual lifting, which will be reducing the manpower dependency and 
increasing the quality as well as productivity and efficiency and profitability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Radha: 
Sir, my question is on the aluminium die casting side. So, just wanted to 
understand, I believe that as we move on from aluminium to zinc and to 
magnesium, so I mean, the value content or the product improves. So, is there 
a margin difference if we are providing aluminium die-casted products versus 
zinc and magnesium die-casted products? And what would that be? 
Aakash Minda: 
Very challenging question. But again, we are primarily into aluminium casting. 
We are not into magnesium casting. Of course, there are more pros than cons 
when it comes to the technology per se. But more importantly, the application 
of each of the zinc or aluminium or magnesium casting plays an important 
effect. Honestly, I cannot comment on the profit margin across all three. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. And sir, I mean, if we see the magnesium die-casted product, I mean, 
is the industry -- or do you believe the industry can slowly start moving to the 
magnesium die-casted products at least in the premium vehicle? And this year, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 21 of 24 
 
what is the penetration now? And I mean, if the industry moves towards it, will 
it start with the passenger vehicles and so on? 
Aakash Minda: 
Magnesium casting is a very critical process. And it is very safety-critical if I 
may say, compared to zinc or aluminium, by the nature of it. So, there are not 
too many players in India who do that. But yes, as a technology, it does exist. 
But immediately, the application needs to be Validated and tested, which will 
take many years to come, in my opinion, as an individual? 
Radha: 
And lastly, out of the components that we make in the aluminium die-casted 
products, I mean, what percentage of that we would be making for products 
that are in Engine subcomponents or transmission subcomponents and 
components that will not be required in the EV engine? And what would be 
our strategy to when the industry replaces those products, what would be our 
strategy to cover that part of the revenue? 
Aakash Minda: 
So firstly, again these are both types of products that we make for either ICE 
engine or, then there are EV batteries are motor-related. And then there are 
products which are EV-agnostic or Indian-agnostic, which does not matter 
whether it is a car engine. So, there's a variety of mix and across segments. 
Export is also again on the IC engine side as well, which is also growing. But 
we are very clearly launching new EV die casting products, which will not 
hamper our IC engine product in the casting step. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Monika Arora from Share Giant Wealth 
Advisor. Please go ahead. As there is no response, we will move to the next 
question. And the next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar from 
Reliance Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
My first question is on the working capital. How do you see in future your 
working capital days to evolve? What are the company's strategy on that? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, the challenge in the automotive industry is definitely continuously 
increasing the working capital. Like one of the key matrix’s that we also 
monitor and working towards that. And hence, as I mentioned, one of the 
important factors in that is our suppliers or our creditor partners. This is where 
we are working with them on how we can strategize to decrease our inventory 
days as well as their payment term results. And there are, of course, MSME 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 22 of 24 
 
norms which the government has set of 45 days and all. So, this is one aspect 
that we're working on across various segments. 
Number two is, of course, on our work-in-progress inventory and Finished 
Goods inventories that we look at. So, inventories definitely are an important 
aspect with more and more imports due to the electronics now coming in and 
the customers mandating and requiring us to have a high number of lead time 
items in our inventory. That is where the inventory number of days go up. 
When it comes to the customer aspect of it, definitely, there are sector norms. 
Customers are good paymasters and are traditional ones, there is no issue in 
that. But yes, where in some cases, we manage them appropriately if in case. 
But we are constantly reaching out to them on how to reduce our debtors’ days 
on that aspect. So of course, if you see, yes, our working capital days has gone 
up from 30 to 40. But we are working on these fronts, as I mentioned, to come 
down significantly. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Sir, my next question is we have entered into two strategic partnerships in FY 
'23. Can you help us in giving some colour how this has panned out so far and 
their potential impact on the business going ahead? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, when it comes to the Daesung Eltec, it's concentrated on the ADAS 
solutions. So, this is a company from Korea. And what we are here targeting 
now we basically L zero application in India from that point. So currently, our 
team is working with our Korean counterpart on the application for the Indian 
environment as well as the Indian end customer usage. That's what we are 
continuously working on. Because the products that they have developed are 
for international usage. That's one. 
On the second side, of course, we are working on the customers and 
demonstrating our samples, putting onto their vehicles to get more and more 
interest into that front. When it comes to the telematics, LocoNav company. 
Minda Corporation is offering on the hardware and LocoNav is offering the 
cloud and the software solution to that. So, as a joint system solution offering, 
we are working with various partners or with the customers to offer them a 
complete solution on this aspect. So of course, our products are in the market, 
which is on the vehicles, whether in EV or in IC engine across segments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Sir, my next question is how about your targets for the strategic partners and 
especially post pricol? How will you be able to finance it? 
Aakash Minda: 
So again, this is a financial investment. So, we will see when the opportunity 
comes what will be done and what can be done. But of course, we are much 
more confident on our performance and our balance sheet than ever. With the 
way we've already said before is that you can see the numbers and the next 
year targets are also much, much higher for us and we as an organisation are 
committed to deliver more and more free cash flow. So, you will see when the 
opportunity comes, whether it is any and all JVs or TLAs or M&As. And we 
will evaluate them at the right course of action. 
But as an organization, we are focusing on bringing in new partners through 
JVs and TLAs for completing our system solutions and offering advanced 
technologies. And we will come back to the market and to you whenever there 
are developments, which will be soon. Of course, when it comes to M&As, we 
are open to all opportunities that come our way. We have the full bandwidth 
and have developed the management capability to grow further through M&A 
route as well. 
But yes, we are very clear on what we are not going to do. We are not looking 
at any companies which are outside India and are also in the product range or 
product lines of Minda Corporation, which are the domains that we are already 
working in. So, there are some clear norms that we have set up for M&A as 
well as technology assistance and partnerships. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Sir, on ROCE, what is the level you are targeting in the long run? And what 
are the strategic levers or your strategies to achieve the same? 
Aakash Minda: 
So, our ROCE is again currently moved from -- if you see over the last few 
years, we have gone from 15% to 20% this year in the last 3 years only. And 
if you look at the FATR of the organization, we are somewhere on the 4.2x to 
4.5x. And this year, we have done about 5.4x. So, with the nature of the 
products and our product line strategy, this is how we continue to invest in the 
products, which are going to continuously give us high ROCE numbers. And 
this is a key parameter in the metric before any capital allocation that we do 
for any new project or even a new partnership or a plant. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Minda Corporation Limited 
 
May 19, 2023 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Aakash Minda for closing comments. 
Aakash Minda: 
So, thank you very much. Going forward in FY '24, we are very confident of 
growing better than the industry or performing the industry with our own 
capabilities and technologies and customer engagement. We continue to focus 
on delivering numbers and performance on consistent and sustainable basis. 
And we are developing our ability to navigate the market challenges by 
relentlessly focusing on new products, R&D, innovation and strategic tie-ups 
to cater to the evolving demand of the automotive space. 
Our strategic approach will remain on fortifying our core products and 
expanding our products and customer base both by attracting new clients and 
deepening our relationships with existing ones. We are fully poised and 
confident of margin-accretive growth in the next years to come. Thank you for 
your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
