            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office : Plot No-18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel. : +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail : devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website : www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
[[  
             __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-I, New Delhi-110020 (India) Tel. : +91 11 41706720-725 
   Devyani International (Nigeria) Pvt. Ltd. • Devyani International (Nepal) Pvt. Ltd. • Devyani Food Street Pvt. Ltd.  
 
 
August 10, 2023 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on August 4, 2023, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter ended 
June 30, 2023, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=370761598635a32ec12880bd20f
9d6bf1e0cea828f618cb9ab4297719f2e4aa
d, postalCode=121001, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=662a532e90644d78d21acc
7a66f8fa746a569f819b8498cde6d1a47674
6030b2, cn=Pankaj Virmani 
Date: 2023.08.10 17:43:59 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
  Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Devyani International's Earnings 
Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria – Non-Executive Chairman of the Company; Mr. 
Virag Joshi – CEO & Wholetime Director; Mr. Manish Dawar – CFO & Wholetime 
Director and Mr. Rahul Shinde - CEO, Yum! Brand and Wholetime Director of the 
Company. 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Chairman, followed by financial 
highlights by the CFO. Post this, we will open the forum for our question-and-answer 
session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I will now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I warmly welcome you all to our Earnings Conference 
Call to discuss the business performance for the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 
2023-24. 
I am pleased to share that we have started the new fiscal year on a healthy note 
despite facing challenges from a difficult macro environment and depressed 
consumer spending. Our commitment to “Customer First – Always” driving product 
innovation and enhancing scalability has been instrumental in supporting our overall 
consistent performance. 
DIL consolidated revenues reached a new milestone of Rs. 847 crore for the quarter, 
backed by store additions across brands and continued healthy performance from 
existing stores. On the operational front, our efforts have been marked by the 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 15
 
 
successful opening of 47 net new stores in Q1 FY24, each contributing to the growth 
of our diverse portfolio of brands. Our core brands have a presence in more than 240 
cities across India. We are actively seeking opportunities to expand into new trade 
areas and simultaneously deepen our presence in existing locations. The strategic 
expansion aims to bring our brands even closer to our valued customers and further 
solidify our foothold in the domestic market. This will also help us to reinforce our 
position as a key player in the industry. 
As on June 30th, 2023, DIL network was expanded to encompass 1,290 stores 
across our portfolio of countries and brands.  
Overall, we are confident of achieving our goal of opening 275 to 300 stores this 
fiscal year, as we continue working towards our ambitious target of reaching 2,000 
stores by 2026. With the dedicated focus on customer satisfaction, innovation, and 
growth, we are poised for success in the dynamic and evolving QSR landscape. 
Vaango, our own South Indian cuisine brand, is shaping up nicely and we are bullish 
on this brand given the popularity of South Indian cuisine in the entire country. South 
Indian food is considered to be a healthy meal option and therefore it resonates well 
with the age groups amongst our target customers. We have opened 52 stores in 
Vaango so far and Vaango is expected to become a Rs. 100-crore brand by the end 
of this fiscal year.  
The consistent performance and potential of DIL India was acknowledged by 
Franchise India and DIL has been awarded the prestigious “Master Franchisee of 
the Year Award for 2023.” 
In addition to operational excellence, we have successfully introduced a range of 
new menu additions and innovative campaigns for our core brands. The market 
response to these new offerings was highly positive, with stronger consumer 
acceptance. Our innovation pipeline remains healthy and strong. We are eagerly 
waiting to introduce our new products in the upcoming quarters.  
High inflation across industries and categories had led to a short-term impact on 
consumer sentiment and demand in the last few quarters. Despite this, our 
performance continues to be resilient, and we have continued to invest in the 
business for long-term growth. 
To sum up, our store additional strategy stands at the testament of our firm belief in 
the immense long-term potential of the Indian QSR. By continuously expanding our 
footprint and staying attuned to emerging opportunities, along with maintaining the 
financial discipline and operational excellence, we remain poised to capitalize on this 
huge opportunity and deliver a sustainable growth and value accretion to all our 
shareholders. 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now I hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you. 
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you, Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening everyone. A warm welcome and thanks to 
all of you for your valuable time for attending our Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call, 
our eight such calls since the listing of DIL in August 2021. 
In Quarter 1 FY24, we have opened 47 new stores across our brand portfolio. With 
this, we globally now have a footprint of 1,212 stores across our core brands. This 
consists of 564 stores for KFC, 525 stores for Pizza Hut and 123 stores for Costa 
Coffee in our portfolio as at the end of Quarter 1 FY24. Our metro and non-metro 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 15
 
 
distribution of stores in India continues to remain marginally in favour of non-metro 
destinations with 52% of total core store count in India. We are planning to add 275 
to 300 stores in the current financial year across our portfolio and geographies. 
Operating revenue for Quarter 1 FY24 stood at Rs. 847 crore, representing a 12% 
quarter-on-quarter increase. This was supported by a 4% increase in store footprint 
and remainder as higher throughput led by KFC. Improved gross margins in ADS 
numbers resulted in better brand contribution margins in Q1 FY24 at 18.2% versus 
16.4% in Q4 FY23.  
Reported EBITDA, which is post IndAS, was Rs. 173 crore with margins at 20.5% 
versus Rs. 151 crore in the previous quarter of 15% quarter-on-quarter growth. 
Company’s operating EBITDA on a pre IndAS basis was Rs. 111 crore versus  
Rs. 91 crore in the previous quarter. Operating EBITDA margin at 13.2% was up 110 
basis points on quarter-to-quarter basis. Profit before tax stood at Rs. 13 crore versus 
Rs. 41 crore in the previous quarter.  
Please note that there has been a very significant devaluation in currency in our 
Nigerian operations. The devaluation in the month of June is more than 60% on the 
base official currency rates that prevailed in the country. As a result of this, we have 
had to take a hit on account of outstanding USD denominated liabilities at the local 
level. This has been accounted for as an exceptional item in the P&L and has 
impacted our consolidated profit before tax and profit after tax numbers to the extent 
of Rs. 47 crore during the quarter. On a normalized basis, therefore, the PBT and 
PAT would have been Rs. 60 crore and Rs. 46 crore, respectively. Please note that 
there is no cash impact because of the aforesaid devaluation impact. 
Taking the discussion to our core brands, KFC in India added 20 net new stores in 
Quarter 1 FY24, reaching a total count of 510 stores at the end of the quarter. 
Average daily sales for Quarter 1 FY24 was Rs. 117,000 versus Rs. 106,000 in the 
previous quarter on an expanded footprint of stores. Revenues at Rs. 516 crore grew 
16.3% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Gross margin at 69.7% was higher by 1.1% 
due to a marginal price increase at the beginning of the quarter along with a stable 
input material cost regime. Brand contribution margin at 21.1%, improved by 3.6% 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis mainly due to better leverage. On premise 
consumption was 63% versus 62% in the previous quarter.  
During the quarter, Pizza Hut added 15 stores. Revenues at Rs. 184 crore, up 8% 
quarter-on-quarter. ADS was slightly higher at Rs. 40,000. Gross margins for the 
quarter came in at 74.9% with an improvement of 1.6% versus the previous quarter. 
Brand contribution was Rs. 18 crore for the quarter with margins at 10.1%, which 
was up by 80 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Costa Coffee, our third core brand, added 11 stores during the quarter, reaching a 
cumulative store count of 123 stores as of June 30th, 2023. There was a slight 
revenue drop in Costa during the quarter due to lower ADS at Rs. 33,000. Gross 
margins were 77.3% because of some milk and coffee bean price inflation during the 
quarter. Quarter 1 FY24 brand contribution improved by 70 basis points and stood 
at 20.9%. We are expanding Costa at a rapid pace. You would have noticed that we 
have more than doubled the store count over the last 4 to 5 quarters. The new stores 
take some time to stabilize and reach the maturity level and hence this has impacted 
the overall brand performance and we expect this to stabilize as we go along during 
the course of the financial year. 
To conclude, I want to reiterate our commitment to our ambitious growth within the 
Indian QSR market. We have set a target of reaching 2,000 stores by 2026, a 
milestone that signifies the tremendous potential and demand for our brands. I would 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 15
 
 
like to highlight that the entire capex required for the significant expansion is primarily 
being planned through internal accruals. Our ability to self-fund this growth 
underscores the financial strength of DIL. 
Furthermore, you would have also noticed that despite our aggressive expansion, 
we have remained focused on maintaining strong financial performance. It is 
noteworthy that our store expansion has not had any significant impact on our 
operating margins. We have efficiently managed our operations leading to an 
accelerated breakeven for these stores. Moreover, as we continue to expand, we 
remain committed to suitably increasing the ROCEs, reflecting our emphasis on 
prudent financial management, and creating long term value for our shareholders. 
On that note, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from 
Jefferies.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
A few questions. First on the demand environment, Manish, what is your sense, how 
the next few quarters will be because last quarter you did highlight that because of 
seasonality, IPL, thing started looking up, what is your outlook for next 2-3 quarters 
now? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, you would know that quarter two normally is seasonally the lowest quarter, 
and because we have Sawan also in this quarter, a lot of people turn vegetarian. But 
we do expect with the input material inflation also stabilizing now, things will improve. 
For KFC, the input material prices are very stable. Pizza Hut in the quarter that has 
gone by, the cheese and milk prices continued to increase. Whereas now with good 
monsoons, and if you were to look at some media reports, even the cheese prices 
and milk prices have started to stabilize. Therefore, we are hoping that the demand 
environment will start to pick up from quarter 3 onwards. Let us see how the other 
things shape up and that is how we are also planning our business. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And Manish, I did see the SSS for let us say KFC, but when we look at ADS, which 
is down quite a bit on a Y-o-Y basis, which will be a function of SSS plus the 
incremental stores as well? 
Manish Dawar: 
You are right. And again, Vivek, you also know that last year quarter one was one of 
the strongest quarters and we were riding back on the Wave 2 and Wave 3 of COVID. 
Therefore, the dine-in was very strong, and the overall demand was high because 
people were kind of coming out. Quarter one last year was very strong and therefore 
the comps are kind of in that zone. But if you were to look at our performance in the 
current quarter, KFC at 117,000 ADS, fares much better versus 106,000 in the 
previous quarter. We do believe that the overall demand is coming back, but I guess 
we will take another 1 or 2 quarters to kind of stabilize these numbers. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And on the gross margins, overall numbers are also quite good, the expansion 
that we have seen and in both the core brands, KFC as well as Pizza Hut, there has 
been a smart recovery. So, can you elaborate on that, as the worst is behind on the 
gross margin side because whatever we are reading, hearing about food inflation 
and all, it seems like at least looking at your number for this quarter, the worst seems 
to be behind. Is that a fair position? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, if you look at, let me kind of give you the perspective for KFC and Pizza Hut 
separately, because they both behave very differently given the current situation. In 
KFC, the bigger ingredients are chicken, oil, flour and packing material. All of these 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 15
 
 
4 materials which constitutes big material input on KFC. We have seen stabilization 
happening. At the same time, if you also remember we talked about a small price 
increase in the last earnings call that we took, I think sometime in the beginning of 
April, so that has also flown in. At the same time, we also talked about introduction 
of the value meal layer in KFC, which was slightly margin dilutive. But on a combo 
meal basis, that kind of gets neutralized. We think if the current situation were to 
prevail from the input pricing perspective, the worst on the gross margin as far as the 
KFC is concerned is behind us. Coming to Pizza Hut, as I have talked about earlier, 
we are hoping that in the current quarter, the milk prices and the cheese prices will 
start to stabilize because the monsoons have been good. There is an excess supply 
of milk now in the country. At the same time we also took a very small pricing on 
Pizza Hut, just to balance the overall mix and the headwinds that we faced from the 
fun flavor launched last year. In Pizza Hut, I would not like to say with certainty that 
the worst is behind us because we  are still experiencing the input inflation, once we 
have a clear visibility on the cheese and milk prices, we will be able to talk from a 
certainty point of view. At the same time, you have seen in the current quarter 
vegetable prices going up, the tomato prices which again is one of the important 
ingredients for Pizza Hut brand has gone up. Overall if we were to look at let us say 
from an overall portfolio perspective, I think we are in good shape. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And couple of more if I may. One is on staff and the other expenses. There is a 
reasonable rise on both Y-o-Y, Q-o-Q basis, anything to call out or are these the 
numbers that we should work with, seasonally adjusted? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, there are 2-3 factors that I think you need to understand as to why the staff 
cost is behaving the way it is. As you know we normally affect our increments in the 
month of April and therefore compared to let us say last year, the wage will kind of 
goes up a little bit and that impact is coming in. Secondly, we have seen in quarter 
one, there has been some significant minimum wage increases in some of the states 
and that also kind of tends to take place, although there are some states which kind 
of go about the minimum wage revision even twice or thrice a year as well. But 
Karnataka is what I would like to kind of call out specifically where we have seen a 
huge amount of impact coming in for our business. As you know, Bengaluru and 
Karnataka are a big play for us. So, that has also impacted. And as you know last 
year from a management perspective, our performance was a little behind our 
internal plans and therefore in quarter 4, we reversed some of the variable pay 
provisions which were not payable. I think it is a combination of these three. As we 
kind of go along and the business fix up, it will kind of come back to the original 
levels. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And anything on other expenses, Manish? 
Manish Dawar: 
I think other expenses are broadly in line. There is no big material difference which 
is there. I think you can assume those to be in the in the range we are in. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And last very small question on Vaango, you have had detailed slides this 
time around anything to read into that also? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vivek, we have been kind of continuously getting this feedback from various 
investors and analysts that you do not share the Vaango numbers, and we would 
like to see what is happening on that brand. We as a business and as a group remain 
bullish on the South Indian cuisine opportunity in the country and that is the reason, 
we have started disclosing Vaango. At the same time, we think by opening about 52 
odd stores, I think we have experimented, we have seen how the brand is 
performing, we feel confident about the brand, we have stabilized the entire supply 
chain piece and that is the reason we started disclosing the numbers specifically for 
Vaango. We believe by the time we exit this year, which is the financial year 23-24, 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 15
 
 
we should be seeing a run rate of almost about Rs.100 crore for Vaango, which I 
think was a significant number. And that is the reason we thought we will talk about 
Vaango separately. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
So, that does not signal anything, although I know it is still a very small part of the 
business, but that does not signal anything in the next few years being a big focus 
for you, it's more of the same, it's just the disclosure, no change or let's say 
incremental positivity compared to where we were until last quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
We are seeing some incremental positivity and you will see that in the numbers also. 
But again, given the way KFC and given the way the other core brands are growing, 
obviously Vaango would remain a small part of the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from Nuvama.  
Nihal Jham: 
The first question was on the gross margins in PH, while you have highlighted how 
things are looking ahead. Even for this quarter, there has been a slight improvement. 
So, is it that from this quarter itself, we have already seen the benefit of RM prices 
or was there a mixed impact which you alluded to in the last quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, as I said, we have taken a very small price increase also in Pizza Hut and plus 
I do not know whether you remember I talked about the premium range of pizzas in 
terms of that whole Pizza Hut Refresh menu that we talked about in the last call and 
we were introducing at that one in time. The whole idea was how do we increase and 
how do we focus on the premium side so that the value contribution from the value 
layer that we introduced gets balanced out. And obviously, once that starts to happen 
and with the combination of a little bit of price increase, you will see the gross margins 
improving. As far as the raw material prices are concerned, even in quarter one of 
FY24, we have seen a small hit on the milk and the cheese prices, which we are 
expecting to stabilize because now they are not going up. We are expecting that milk 
and cheese prices should start to stabilize from the current quarter. 
Nihal Jham: 
That's helpful. The second question was on corporate overheads. Now there has 
been a reasonable increase. Is this purely explained by the salary revisions or there 
is some other aspect also? 
Manish Dawar: 
Again, as I was talking to Vivek, the primary reason is the employee cost and the 
reasons for that are increments which come in the month of April. We have talked 
about the minimum wage revision and so on and so forth. We are hoping it will get 
balanced out as we go along, but those are the main reasons why the corporate 
overheads look a little high. 
Nihal Jham: 
But the minimum wage could only be applicable for the store employees like 
corporate overheads would be more for the employee base, which would be beyond 
that, and it would be more the divisions I would assume? 
Manish Dawar: 
If you look at the employee expenses line, Nihal in the financials, that line is inclusive 
of because that is how as per the accounting standards, we are supposed to 
disclose, whereas in the management’s presentations when we come to the brands, 
obviously it gets treated a little differently. 
Nihal Jham: 
Just one final question, Manish was that, Vaango in an earlier discussion was at that 
time primarily a food court and an airport brand. Does it still stay that way or is there 
a change in terms of how things are going to play out and between Costa and 
Vaango, would any of the two as per you be bigger off? 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 15
 
 
Manish Dawar: 
In Vaango, the broad strategy remains the same because as we have communicated 
earlier, we still believe that Vaango can do well in the high footfall locations and 
therefore the focus is the airports, the focus is also on the the high footfall locations 
like food courts in the mall, hospitals. It is confined to environments where the 
footfalls are very significant. And once we have a basic brand size, we would like to 
spend some money on marketing and that is what we will start to get into little bit of 
bigger stores on High Street and so on and so forth. But that journey is to be covered. 
It is not going to happen on an immediate basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi.  
Ashish Kanodia: 
The first question was on the KFC side, so you know from the chicken roll range, can 
you just highlight in terms of performance, how that is panning out and is it basically 
helping you to get more footfalls or is it driving say higher ticket size and also from a 
margin perspective, is it kind of diluting the overall margin for KFC? 
Manish Dawar: 
The entire focus behind this introduction was to how do we utilize the assets that we 
have and as you know, KFC works very well towards the evening hours, and hence 
the lunch hours were muted. The whole promotion in terms of the value layer in terms 
of a combination for KFC lunch is to focus around the lunch hour, so that we can get 
better daytime utilization for the brand. So, it is little margin diluted, but if you look at 
the way we have built the combinations on a standalone basis, little impact is there. 
But on a combination as KFC lunch, it kind of gets neutralized. So, therefore there is 
no dilution when it comes to a lunch combination meal, which comes at Rs. 149. 
Therefore we want to build the layer because as you know it has been an inflationary 
environment. During the inflationary environment, people tend to kind of downgrade, 
so we are trying to build a value layer for KFC also so that we can focus on the 
number of transactions, and we are able to get more footfalls into our stores, which 
will be good for the brand as we go along. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
That's helpful. And then on Pizza Hut, I think the brand contribution margin remains 
weak, right? So, just wanted to understand that when do you expect the overall 
impact of say the fund of flavor range to kind of taper off and maybe the 
premiumization, the range Refresh to kick in. So, what I am trying to understand 
assuming that the gross margin remains stable, and you do not see any further 
inflationary training, milk, and cheese prices, when do you expect this brand 
contribution margin to move back to say 15% plus kind of a range? 
Manish Dawar: 
I guess it will take a few quarters more, Ashish, because obviously one is one big 
piece was on the gross margins on the material cost side which we are seeing, the 
stabilization is happening, and we do expect that the milk and the cheese prices will 
stabilize in the current quarter. Apart from that, obviously there is this whole 
comparison issue because if you remember, the value layer was introduced last year 
July and that is where the dilution started happening and around the same period, 
the inflation was also hit very high and therefore our own consumers kind of down 
traded and the value layer was having an impact on the margins. Now with this whole 
Pizza Hut menu refresh, which is the premium end of pizzas, we are getting a very 
good response from the consumers. Once that starts to build up, we will see that 
brand contribution margins will start to improve. At the same time, we do believe that 
now, with the inflation regime kind of stabilizing, people will start to come back in the 
next few quarters in terms of what their regular spends have been on premium end 
pizzas. As far as the media is concerned, we are going to be breaking in very shortly. 
Having done the value layer and the premium end refresh, I think we are now talking 
about a mass communication around that whole thing so that the awareness gets 
build up and people start coming into the stores. So, there will be some additional 
funding that will go to marketing, about which we are talking. But overall, you will see 
that in the next few quarters, the brand contribution will start to improve. 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 15
 
 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, Manish. Just the last bit is on the subsidiary which is being set up in Dubai. 
So, I mean it says to hold overseas investments and end up business related 
management and technical services. So, if you can throw some more light, is it just 
to hold your Nepal and Nigeria business or are we looking at something else as well 
within that subsidiary? 
Manish Dawar: 
As of now, there is nothing there, Ashish, but our view is that whenever, let us say 
something were to come up or the expansion happens on an international side, we 
have set up a legal structure so that we are able to kind of use that subsidiary 
operation. But the whole idea as of now is to kind of stabilize and put Nepal and 
Nigeria there. That will be the next step. At the same time, you would have noticed 
that on the corporate restructuring side, we have got the approval from NCLT as far 
as the two other subsidiary operations are concerned and we are planning to file 
because we are going to get the certified copy from the court. I think probably in the 
next 1 or 2 weeks we will file that with ROC and therefore those two subsidiary 
operations will get subsumed into the main parent Company. So, it is a corporate 
restructuring exercise that we are undertaking. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs.  
Arnab Mitra: 
My question was on KFC where while YoY, we have a deterioration in the SSSG, 
you mentioned it is possibly due to the base effect. So, from your understanding, 
sequentially, between March and June quarter and as we speak now, is the demand 
environment stable largely or has it worsened a little bit because you have also 
added some parts of the value layer, but it has not led to the SSSG improving. So, 
just wanted your sense on the sequential stability? 
Manish Dawar: 
Arnab, look overall KFC continues to be the number one choice as far as the 
consumers are concerned. But again, during the inflation time people were trying to 
downgrade. We are coming out of strong comparisons because if you see the quarter 
one of last year was a very strong quarter for KFC. And then, because of the inflation 
and the demand environment that the business got impacted a little bit. Overall, we 
do not see any big issues as far as consumer sentiment or the demand environment 
is concerned, it is only temporary in nature. And the way we look at it, for example, 
let us say, if this is the kind of environment, you need to build the capacity on a very 
judicious and prudential basis and that is the reason we keep on adjusting the store 
counts between KFC and Pizza Hut. Overall if you are bullish on the Indian market, 
we are bullish on the brand and KFC has a very strong leadership position. We will 
not be able to create that capacity overnight. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My second question was on Pizza Hut. You mentioned you have taken a small price 
increase in Pizza Hut also, is that correct and could you quantify how much it is and 
is it only you or has competition also taken up prices in the category? 
Manish Dawar: 
I would not say it was a price increase. I would say it was more of a price adjustment, 
which has had a positive impact on us and that is the reason I called it out separately. 
On an overall basis, you can say it is a little under 1% as far as the pricing was 
concerned, because we were trying to resolve in terms of some bit on the delivery 
option versus the dine-in options and some bit of reorganization on the fun flavor 
range, it just had a positive impact. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And my last question was again on Pizza Hut. Given the very weak kind of 
comparisons that everybody in the pizza industry has been giving, you have already 
obviously slowed down the expansion a little bit. Is this merit further slowing down 
Pizza Hut expansion till the category kind of shows some stability in the 
environment? 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 15
 
 
Manish Dawar: 
Arnab, we continuously evaluate what you are saying and therefore, as I have said, 
I mean earlier we used to talk about 100 plus Pizza Hut stores in a year. We are 
talking about close to 70-75 stores now, so let us see how the next few quarters go 
and if need be, we will consider what you are saying. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Manish, since we do not have a very long listed history on a quarterly basis, I just 
wanted to understand pre-COVID because looking at your numbers post COVID on 
a quarterly basis really is throwing up a lot of noise. So, pre-COVID, what was 
normally the sequential increase in ADS in Pizza Hut for Q1, so Q1 versus the 
preceding quarter of Q4, what did generally Pizza Hut see as a sequential increase 
in the sales per store, percentage wise? 
Manish Dawar: 
Sure. Percy, look, even if I were to give you the numbers, the numbers would not 
make sense because as you know, just before COVID, we had started restructuring 
the brand. Pizza Hut earlier was focused on dine-in large format stores and then we 
were working on small format levy focus stores. At the same time, we kind of shut lot 
of large format dine-in stores during that period and obviously the ADS was a little 
higher when that time was there. But if you were to look at it on a per square foot 
basis on Pizza Hut, we are much more efficient versus where we used to be both 
from topline and bottom-line perspective. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, I will tell you where I am coming from, Manish. If I look at Domino's, where we 
have the data and look at 3-4 years Q1 before COVID, the general trend is that Q1 
sales per store was about 7%, 8%, 9% higher than Q4. Okay, now this quarter again, 
Domino's Q1 this quarter versus the immediately preceding quarter, the growth is 
only 3% and we have seen similar outcomes for Pizza Hut from Sapphire or Pizza 
Hut from Devyani, they are all up Q-o-Q in this 3% to 4% band versus a historic trend 
of about 7%-8%. So, what I want to ask is that is it just on a Y-o-Y basis that we are 
seeing a slowdown or is it even incrementally on a sequential basis, the numbers 
seem to suggest that we are seeing incremental slowdown because the normal 
quarterly jump on a sales per store which should come in Q1 is not coming. 
Manish Dawar: 
Percy, if you go back, let's say pre COVID which is where your starting point was 
and therefore let me kind of answer from rather than a pre COVID, let me just take a 
scenario of let's say if you were to go back say 3 to 5 years from now, if you look at 
the Indian QSR industry, it was equivalent to only pizza. Whereas over the last 5 
years, the other formats have rapidly expanded. KFC is much bigger compared to 
where we used to be earlier, McDonald's has expanded a lot, Burger King was very 
small at that point of time. Therefore, from a consumer perspective, there are a lot 
of additional choices which are available, what used to happen, say pre COVID and 
obviously, let us say, once that starts to happen, the demand also gets shifted to 
some extent. There is nothing fundamentally wrong with the pizza market as such, 
because the pizza market is still growing, the fact that it is the largest QSR segment 
in the country. So, the demand is getting balanced out with the other choices 
available with other brands and the fact that all the other brands are also now 
expanding very rapidly and aggressively. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, I agree with that Manish, but here we are just talking about a short period of 3 
months, so with the fact that other options were available, was there even in Q4 
FY23 versus that a normal seasonal uptick in Q1 FY24 is expected and that has 
come lower than expected. Do you understand what I am saying, right, Manish? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, I agree with you and that is what I said. For example, if you remember my earlier 
comments, I mean within the QSR category, pizza is one of the most expensive 
subcategories. Whenever there is high inflation it gets impacted depending on which 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 15
 
 
region and wherever you are, people tend to downgrade. There are cheaper QSR 
entry options available and people have shifted there. So, coupled with that in terms 
of the additional brands and choices available to the consumers, it tends to get 
impacted. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My second question is on pricing versus the input cost. So, if let us say the input 
cost, you are saying the input cost has stabilized right? Now in a scenario where 
hypothetically the input cost sees some amount of deflation. What do you think you 
would pass this on, either in terms of additional offers or anything else? Or would 
you like the benefits to flow to the EBITDA and you can answer this separately for 
KFC and Pizza Hut? 
Manish Dawar: 
Our fundamental philosophy is that we would not like to kind of reduce the headline 
pricing because if you look at as of now, things are only stabilizing. There is not a 
huge amount of deflation, which is kind of happening within our categories or within 
the economy, the hyperinflation or high inflation scenario has started to stabilize. At 
the same time, our focus always remains that we should have more transactions, 
more population coverage and more footfalls in our stores. With more consumers 
coming to our QSR portfolio, we try and give it back in some shape and form. This 
could be additional offers, some promos, value meals and that is where we introduce 
the Pizza Hut value layer and the KFC value layer also. The whole idea is that how 
we continue to expand our footprint as far as the consumer footfalls are concerned, 
and we have continuously done that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Sir, my question is again on the competition front, as you just mentioned that during 
the inflationary environment, you normally see downtrading happening to the other 
value brands available in the market. So, in that context, what kind of strategy you 
are trying to implement, because we have seen competition launching pizza in the 
mid-price range. So, on many front, are we also looking to have such kind of a gap 
bridger going ahead or something which will help you to compete better with those 
brands which are available at a lower price on other platforms? 
Manish Dawar: 
Kaustubh, as I have said, we have also done pretty much similar things. If you 
remember last year around quarter 2, we had introduced a value layer in Pizza Hut 
which we called fun flavor pizza, this has gone very strong and very well with the 
consumers, at the same time it has helped us to build the transactions. On the KFC 
side, we recently launched  KFC snacker range which starts at Rs. 99, further we 
have a focus on KFC lunch which starts at Rs. 149 as a meal combo. We are doing 
the same thing and this is the best way to expand the market and get the consumers 
into the stores. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: And on the KFC value meal, it was supposed to be launched in fewer stores earlier 
just the test market, and then the plans were to launch Pan India. So, how is the 
situation now, is this product available Pan India? 
Manish Dawar: 
We have done the test market, we have rolled it out to the stores and now we are 
going to be aggressively pushing that. And therefore, it will become widely available. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niket Shah from Motilal Oswal Asset 
Management.  
Niket Shah: 
I have two questions. One is on the aggregator side. Has there been a price increase 
in this quarter and if yes, what would be the quantum for that? And the second is 
when you look at expanding some stores whether it is Pizza Hut or KFC, does human 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 15
 
 
resource availability become a challenge at some point of time when you want to 
grow at this pace? 
Manish Dawar: 
Niket, we took a KFC price increase around April month and that was a little under 
3% from a brand perspective and obviously we kind of compensated that pricing fees 
with the value layer from a rolls perspective, from the snacker range and lunch and 
so on and so forth. We did try to give some portion of that back to the consumers so 
that we are able to build the transactions and are able to get additional footfalls in 
our stores. We have done the same thing for Pizza Hut. In Pizza Hut, as I said, the 
price increase was somewhere in the later part of April and that was more of a price 
adjustment rather than the price increase, the overall impact was under 1%. To your 
other question on challenge in terms of the expansion of stores and the availability 
of staff, as you know this business is a people intensive business. As we open the 
stores, we need more and more people. Our HR engine is working very well, It's a 
well-oiled machine and therefore we've never faced any difficulty, issues and delay 
in opening of our stores. Also Yum has their processes in place in terms of training 
of the new employees and upgradation of the existing employees, they control that 
piece very closely to make sure we are well disciplined, and we are not taking any 
short-term calls. So, this side of the business works very well, as a well-oiled 
machine. 
Niket Shah: 
Yes, my question was more from an aggregator standpoint, the price increase, have 
you given a price increase to the aggregator like Zomato and Swiggy that was 
actually the question that I had asked. 
Manish Dawar: 
We have always had, Niket, some bit of pricing premium for the orders that flow in 
from Zomato and Swiggy and that has continued. So, there is nothing different that 
we have done recently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukherjee from Bajaj Finserv.  
S. Mukherjee: 
So, my first question is on the competition in the KFC chicken part of the business. 
In some geographies, especially in the southern market, we have seen McDonald’s 
and other competition that has come up. So, in terms of specific impact, what is your 
thoughts in terms of the chicken business? 
Manish Dawar: 
We welcome competition in the category. As you know, India is a large non-
vegetarian market, 70% of the population is non-vegetarian and within that, almost 
80%-85% of the people, chicken is the medium of choice as far as the non-vegetarian 
food is concerned. The kind of potential that this country has from a chicken QSR 
brand perspective, we do not think that a single brand will be able to do the justice. 
So, as the new brands come in, the market will expand, the noise will be there, the 
marketing efforts will be there, the onboarding of new consumers will be there. As a 
market leader, we are well positioned and in good shape and a healthy competition 
is the only way the market will get expanded in India. For example, let us say I am 
not saying that India is China, but in China, there are 10,000 KFC stores, it is not 
going to happen overnight in India, but the competition and the new brands that come 
in will help to open the consumer preferences and choices and it will help us to 
expand KFC also. 
S. Mukherjee: 
Right. And coming to your store addition guidance of 275 to 300 stores per year in a 
Pizza Hut. I believe you are talking about some around 100 stores, couple of quarters 
back, but now that has kind of trimmed down to 70-75. Costa Coffee is another 60-
70, then for KFC store opening, is it a fair assessment that probably we are looking 
at a number of 121-125 store additions per year going ahead? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, you are right. 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 15
 
 
S. Mukherjee: 
Lastly, on the marketing campaign for Pizza Hut to increase the awareness, what 
kind of budget we are looking at and how long will it continue? 
Manish Dawar: 
See overall from a brand perspective, we spend about 6% of the topline on the brand 
marketing and the local store promotions. Whenever we launch new products or 
whenever we take some initiatives, we do spend some additional money. The Yum! 
also puts in the additional money from their side, but on an overall basis, we try and 
balance it out. So, for example in the near-term quarters, we will see that the 
additional monies are being spent on Pizza Hut, on the menu refresh. Since this 
whole assessment is currently on, we can come back to you once we have 
crystallized the overall plan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital.  
Tejash Shah: 
Manish, you touched upon the sluggishness in pizza category from the customer 
behavior dimension. Just wanted to know would you attribute a bit of higher 
sluggishness in this category versus others because of very high intensity of 
organized retail competition that we have seen. 
Manish Dawar: 
I do not think I talked about the sluggishness in the category. What I said was that 
pizza is the largest category for QSR in the country. It is still growing on an overall 
category basis. It is just that there is a very aggressive expansion which is happening 
with the other brands, and therefore from the availability perspective, the consumers 
have much wider choice available today. And therefore, there is some bit of 
rebalancing which is happening. At the same time if you see, and I am not saying 
that this is going to happen in India, globally, burger is the biggest category as far as 
QSR is concerned, whereas in India it has always been pizza because it got started 
very differently. There will be some rebalancing, which will happen in this category 
because there are other choices available and there are other brands also which are 
expanding very rapidly, but otherwise there is nothing wrong with the pizza category 
as such. 
Tejash Shah: 
Second and last question pertains to Costa. So, just wanted to understand the 
interplay between ADS, gross margin, and margin here. So, when I see that last 
quarter, we were at 36,000 ADS with 78% gross margin, and we reported 20% 
EBITDA. This quarter, we had lesser ADS and lesser gross margin, but our EBITDA 
was higher. So, just wanted to understand how the interplay works out and 
considering that we have such good dynamic here, why are we not expanding this 
format much more rapidly than what we are doing at the current phase? 
Manish Dawar: 
The gross margin line behaves very differently to the EBITDA because that is all 
about input material and the gross margin is a little lower because as I said, there 
have been some price increases during the quarter on milk and plus we have seen 
some price increase on the coffee beans also. This is what has impacted on the 
gross margins on the Costa Coffee side. As far as the brand contribution is 
concerned, because as we have undertaken rapid expansion and therefore once the 
store is in the maturity phase, the rent to revenue ratio for these stores is high and 
that kind of gets stabilized as the ADS starts to build up for the new stores. So, that 
is the reason why you are seeing that the brand contribution is behaving a little 
differently because there have been some old store openings where the ADS has 
started to stabilize and therefore the rent to revenue ratio is getting better. 
Tejash Shah: 
No, on rapid expansion because when we are seeing brands like Third Wave Coffee, 
and they are like expanding very rapidly. So, just wanted to know what is our kind of, 
do we want to accelerate the pace here or we are comfortable with what we have 
guided? 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 15
 
 
Manish Dawar: 
We, are talking about Costa expansion at about say 60 to 70 stores every year. We 
are comfortable with that pace and therefore that kind of gives us a great opportunity 
to build this brand. This is how we are looking at. To be honest, I am not privy to the 
Third Wave Coffee plans and therefore I will not be able to compare Costa to that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Manish, just wanted to better understand the demand situation. So, wanted to check 
whether footfalls are being challenged, build size is low due to tighter wallets or if 
there are challenges on both the fronts. So, could you break the SSSG for Pizza Hut 
and KFC into build packs and build size? 
Manish Dawar: 
In Pizza Hut, if you look at Devanshu, as we said that the fun flavor range was 
launched last year in the month of July and that impacted the APC, which is the ticket 
size, but the transactions have continued to build and that is what is kind of helping 
and going to be helping the brand in the long term. Similarly on the KFC side also 
with the value layer, with the Snackers range, with the KFC rolls, KFC lunch menu, 
we are building the transactions and therefore there is a small impact on the APC 
side. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, volume terms both are positive and whatever negative SSSG is due to the build 
size process, is the right assessment? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, absolutely because our priority is to get new, I mean more and more footfalls 
into the store. Our priority is to build the transactions and therefore wherever there 
are some menu gaps and product gaps and we have managed to find the right 
product; we are going to be launching that. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And for Q1 and coming Q2 quarter, can we expect the ADS seasonality that was 
there in last year to continue this year as well? 
Manish Dawar: 
No forward-looking statement, Devanshu. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, just to put it that way, last year was, I would say a common seasonality or were 
there any one-offs that you would like to highlight? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, last year, apart from the seasonality and all, there was a huge amount of 
inflation also which we were seeing and therefore obviously that was getting 
impacted, that was impacting the consumer demand also. In this year also the other 
peculiarity you must have heard is Sawan seasonality and Sawan typically is a period 
where a part of the non-vegetarian population they turn vegetarian and this year we 
believe it is an extended Sawan period, too early to say but that could impact the 
numbers to some extent. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And last question from my end. Both KFC, Pizza Hut, the magnitude of 
increase is different in terms of sequential ADS, but for Costa Coffee, it is a dip. So, 
can you explain as in why that happened? 
Manish Dawar: 
Costa Coffee, as I talked about Devanshu earlier, is mainly on account of the new 
store openings because new stores typically tend to open at a lower ADS and then 
they mature over a period of time. But if you look at, let us say even for the current 
quarter, the SSSG for Costa Coffee is sitting at about 9% to 9.5%. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Even Manish, on a sequential basis that plays out, I was asking more from a 
sequential basis. 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 15
 
 
Manish Dawar: 
Because we are opening the stores rapidly, so it does impact on a sequential basis 
also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have one fundamental question. If I look at the journey over last 15 months for Pizza 
Hut, we have done the pricing adjustment, we have introduced the value layer and 
in last quarter, we have introduced 10 new pizzas and we are about three quarters 
before we have fun flavor. So, maybe if you or Rahul can address this, is the 
competition is one angle we are seeing, and you have alluded to saying that there is 
a value layer which is picking up. But fundamentally, what is the consumer behavior 
telling us and that is why I wanted to pick brain from Rahul, if he can give us what 
exactly happening in pizza because there is a dichotomy and when we look at in the 
last 2-3 quarters, the burger guys are doing better. So, is there a permanent reset 
which is happening from the consumer point of view and as you said that there are 
more options which has opened after COVID? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, the reset is happening again. As I said, there is nothing wrong with the pizza 
market. The reset is happening because, for example, there are additional choices. 
There are additional brands which are available to the consumers, right and therefore 
in that scenario, we need to kind of continue to do the right things. I mean, after we 
restructured the Pizza Hut brand post COVID time, our objective was how do we kind 
of build the ADS of the brand. For building the ADS it was very important that we 
have a strong value layer, Pizza Hut as you know has always been considered as a 
premium brand and we need to kind of balance that piece out by giving the value 
layer. The value layer, the timing was a little unfortunate because by the time we 
introduced, we were in floor for high inflation scenario and therefore there was this 
downtrading which kind of happened very rapidly and that is where we kind of 
decided to refresh the premium side of the range and we have done that. In any 
case, it was due and therefore this kind of pushed us into making a faster decision 
and we introduced that. So, we have balanced the portfolio now. We are going to be 
building awareness around that whole piece and that is how the Pizza Hut journey 
have been. I mean from a loss-making brand Pizza Hut is a positive brand today. 
The consumer demand is there, the expansion is happening, the consumer 
awareness and the consumer choice is there. So, therefore I mean, we are confident 
about this trend. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you, Manish. Just one follow-up here. Hypothetically, if you have not done 
these actions, what would have happened to SSSG? 
Manish Dawar: 
I mean in hindsight because there have been so many variables, it will be difficult to 
just kind of remove one hypothesis and build on the other because I mean the 
markets are different, the competition is different. We have done multiple things 
within the brand, so it will not be right for me to kind of just remove one variable and 
hypothesize it. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question on KFC, I'm looking slide 17, we have been able to manage the 
gross margin, but when I look at the brand contribution margin, which has declined 
on a Y-o-Y basis 130 basis points, I do understand there is a chicken inflation sitting 
in this and you have taken about 3% price increase, but what should we do it going 
forward, is this decline will get resolved and we look at the margin expansion or there 
are some more inflation element sitting in this quarter and that will also have the 
impact in the next quarter? 
Manish Dawar: 
What is the base you are taking for your comparison? 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 15
 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On Slide 17, I am using the comparison. So, last year quarter one, we had a gross 
margin of 69% in KFC, which was moved to 69.7%. So, understandably, there is a 
price element which is there, but when I look at the brand contribution margin, which 
is 22.4% has now become 21.1%. 
Manish Dawar: 
There is a very strong element of leverage in these businesses as you know. If you 
look at last year’s same quarter, the ADS number was 127,000, which has come 
down to 106k in the previous quarter and therefore there was a significant dip as far 
as the brand contribution is concerned. And now with the ADS numbers going back 
to 117k, we have managed to recover on the brand contribution piece also. So, I 
mean that is the other thing you need to keep in mind that there is a strong leverage 
which is there and apart from that, as we discussed, the employee expenses and the 
minimum wage revision in some of the states where Karnataka kind of stands out 
and KFC has a very strong presence in Bangalore which has also impacted. So, we 
need to kind of bear these things in mind and as we continue to build the brand, the 
ADS improves, and we are very positive that we will be able to get the brand 
contributions back to where they were for KFC. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I got that. That is helpful. Just one little more follow up on KFC. When you say and 
when we want to deconstruct the SSSG which as the Company which has been flat 
or marginally negative, but since we are more dominant and we are seeing the 
benefit in semi metros we are going, so is this SSSG in semi metros or tier I towns 
is better than metros or this phenomena is pulling down the SSSG more in the 
metros? 
Manish Dawar: 
We've seen the consumer behaviors are uniform, whether it is metro or a non-metro 
or a small town or a large town because remember that SSSG is also dependent and 
linked to the kind of store expansion strategy that we are following. So, if you look at 
for example in the current quarter, we have not grown the number of cities coverage 
that has remained the same. So, therefore that kind of tends to impact the SSSG a 
little bit. If I go to a completely new town and I do not open any additional store in my 
existing cities that will not impact the SSSG numbers. So, therefore there are some 
other variables also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference back to the management for closing 
comments. 
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you so much. Thank you, Chairman and all the investors, analysts who have 
been on the call. We do hope that we have managed to respond to your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about our Company, please feel free to contact the Investor Relations team. Thank 
you once again for all your time today and joining us on the call and participating in 
our growth journey. Many thanks. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
