V alicon 
Casting the Future 
  
May 25, 2023 
To 
The Manager 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001 
Scrip Code: 531147 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
To 
The Manager 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on 
18 May 2023, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter and financial 
year ended March 31, 2023. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company. 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
VEENA pint, 
VAIDYA 22.89:52 +0530 
Veena Vaidya 
Company Secretary 
Alicon Castalloy Ltd., 
Gat No. 1426, Shikrapur, 
T: +91 21 3767 7100 
www.alicongroup.co.in 
Tal. Shirur, Dist: Pune — 412 208, Maharashtra — India 
F: +91 21 3767 7130 
CIN 
: L99999PN1990PLC059487

Yalicon 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 18, 2023 
  
Moderator: 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Alicon Castalloy Limited’s 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after 
the 
presentation 
concludes. 
Should 
you 
need 
assistance 
during 
the 
conference 
call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Thank you, Tanvi. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Alicon 
Castalloy Limited's Q4 and FY '23 earnings conference call. We have with us on the 
call today, Mr. Vimal Gupta, Group CFO, Mr. Veera Babu, Group COO, Mr. Shyam 
Agarwal, Chief Marketing Officer at Alicon Castalloy, Mr. Andreas Heim, Managing 
Director of IIlichmann Castalloy, and Mr. Rajiv Gupta, Head of Domestic Business 
of Alicon Castalloy Limited. 
Mr. Vimal Gupta will cover the financial performance for the quarter, following 
which Mr. Shyam Agarwal will walk us through the operating highlights. In order 
to share the developments in both the global and domestic markets, Mr. Andreas 
Heim and 
Mr. 
Rajiv Gupta 
will provide insights on these areas. Following the 
comments from the team, our Group COO, Mr. Veera Babu will give us 
a brief 
summary of the quarter gone by and cover the strategic imperatives. Thereafter, 
we shall open the call for the Q&A session. 
Before we begin, 
| would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today’s call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of you 
earlier. 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
| would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Good afternoon to all our investors. Thank you for taking the time out to join our 
earnings call. 
| trust that all of you have had 
a chance to review our earnings 
documents, which was shared on 16" May. 
As we have indicated earlier, 2018-'19 was the best year in the last few years for 
the 
global 
Auto 
industry. 
Our assessment 
is that the domestic 
industry 
has 
reached a performance level of approximately 84% in the Financial Year 2023 of 
the level set in 2018-'19, while the international auto industry 
is at about 88% 
level in Calendar Year 2022 of the base achieved. 
At Alicon, our revenue performance in the Financial Year 2023 is around 130% of 
the benchmark that we 
had 
set 
in 2018-'19, 
clearly showcasing 
a 
different 
trajectory of performance when compared to global and domestic auto industry. 
This has been driven by the addition of new parts as well as new customers. Our 
growth and transformation strategy of the last five years has been validated as we 
have reported our highest-ever annual revenue INR1,405 crores in FY '23, even in 
the backdrop of significant volatility over this period. 
The envisioned business transformation involves 
a strategic focus on multiple 
avenues for growth, which we have categorized into five pillars. 
These pillars are, 
e 
Continue to scale strategic products in the ICE business 
e 
Addressing the opportunities from Carbon-neutral technology, including 
Battery Electric Vehicles, Hybrid Electric Vehicles, fuel cell and hydrogen 
cell technologies 
e 
Opportunities from structural parts or technology-agnostic parts, which 
remains consistent, no matter which fuel technology is used to power the 
vehicle 
 

e 
Non-auto 
business encompassing opportunities 
from 
sectors 
such 
as 
defense, energy, telecom, to name a few, where our competencies can be 
leveraged, 
e 
Enhanced 
customer 
wallet 
share 
through 
value-add 
and 
combining 
products to offer our customers a one-stop solution. 
The progress we are experiencing can 
be attributed 
to the execution 
of our 
growth strategy. We have dedicated substantial resources to reshape our business 
model, becoming a more flexible and diversified organization that capitalizes on 
our key sales trends. Our international team have been actively engaging with 
customers, 
fostering deeper discussions 
to 
leverage 
our expertise 
in 
design, 
research 
and development 
and 
value 
engineering. 
Our 
proven 
track 
record 
validates the effectiveness of our processes and our reliability as a supplier. This is 
supported by the continuous increase 
in our order book and the acquisition of 
new and renowned clients. 
Moving on to the highlights of our financial performance for the fiscal year ending 
31, March 2023. Alicon's best-ever annual revenues of INR1,405 crores in FY '23 
were 
higher 
by 30% year-on-year 
basis, 
significantly surpassing 
the 
industry 
growth. The revenue growth was driven by enhanced volumes compared to the 
previous year and start of production in certain new products. This positive trend 
was 
further supported 
by the improved 
contribution 
from 
our 
international 
subsidiary, 
Illichmann. We 
also posted higher-ever EBITDA 
of INR157 
crores, 
higher by 36% year-on-year basis. 
The EBITDA margin for FY '23 stood at 11.2% against 10.7% in FY '22, an increase 
of 46 basis points. New parts added with higher value addition have contributed 
to structurally improved EBITDA margin. Profit after tax of INR51 crores is higher 
by 113% on a year-on-year basis. I'm pleased to share that our Board of Directors 
have approved an interim dividend of 50%, equating to INR2.5 per share. This 
year, we have witnessed an improvement in ROCE to 12.7% for the financial year 
'23 from 9.1% in FY '22. Our long-term rating by credit rating agency, CRISIL, has 
improved a notch from A stable to A positive. 
| will now run through the financial performance for the fourth quarter. 
 

Total income 
of INR321 crores was 
flat on 
a year-on-year basis compared 
to 
quarter 4 of FY 2022. Further, this was lower by 12% on a quarter-on-quarter basis 
from INR361 crores in quarter 3. In quarter 4 FY '23, our plant in India and Europe 
operated 
at 
a utilization 
level 
of around 65%. 
In the quarter, we witnessed 
a 
decline in two-wheeler volumes as OEMs reduced production schedules in order 
to 
transition 
products 
in 
line with On-Board 
Diagnostics 
(OBD) 
norms. 
This 
onetime regulatory implementation had an impact on our performance during 
this quarter. 
Further, the volatility witnessed in last two years to three years drove customers 
to increase the inventory as they moved away from ‘just-in-time strategy’. With 
the normalization of global supply chain, customers have moved back towards 
leaner inventory levels and this readjustment towards lower inventory levels has 
resulted in onetime softness in volume this quarter. We also noticed that issues 
with semiconductors are yet to 
be completely resolved while availability has 
improved significantly since this challenge first emerged 
a couple of years ago. 
There are still constraints in sourcing of semiconductors by global and domestic 
OEMs. 
However, our gross margin has improved, and this was supported by a decrease in 
prices of major raw materials and a more favorable product mix. We believe that 
input prices have passed their peak and are likely to decline moving forward. 
Despite some delays, we have observed 
a pass-through effect of previous input 
price increases and 
a better product mix leading to improved results. This has 
positively influenced our gross margins for the quarter, which was 51.6% 
in Q4 
FY '23, compared to 50.4% in Q4 FY '22, higher by 118 basis points. In Q3 FY '23, 
gross margin was 49.3%, and the quarter-on-quarter improvement in gross margin 
is 230 basis points or over 2%. 
The improvement in gross margin did not flow through the EBITDA margins due to 
increase in power and fuel cost as well as other overheads, which have increased 
in line with the inflationary trends due to the initial stabilization requirement of 
new products have incurred certain costs upfront for new products in this quarter. 
As the product throughput 
is stabilized 
and volumes are enhanced, 
the 
unit 
contribution from these new products will improve in the coming quarters. 
 

There was also a settlement of one old claim from a customer, which resulted in 
onetime expense in the Q4. As a result, EBITDA was at INR33 crores in Q4 FY '23 
with 
a EBITDA margin of 10.3% as compared to INR39 crores with 
a margin of 
12.1% in Q4 of FY '22. 
On the capex front, we have deployed INR16 crores during the quarter and have 
deployed a total of INR82 crores during FY '23. Our value addition to net block has 
significantly increased from 130% in FY 2021 to 160% in FY 2023. In FY 2024, we 
envisage a capex deployment of around INR90 crores. 
Coming to the outlook: 
Following our highest-ever revenue of INR1,405 crores in FY '23, we are poised to 
take the business 
to newer height and aspiring to deliver 
a revenue 
of over 
INR2,000 
crores 
by 
FY 2025-26, 
that 
is 
over 
a 
period 
of three 
years. 
Our 
confidence 
stems 
from 
the 
new 
orders 
which 
we 
have 
received 
and 
the 
discussions 
with 
the 
customers 
on 
new. 
technologies 
and _ 
solutions. 
Notwithstanding the EBITDA margin performance in this quarter, we are confident 
for 
an 
improved 
margin 
outlook despite 
the 
‘7C Framework’ 
of challenges 
identified by us, including the post-COVID impact, the Chip shortage issue, Cost of 
new product development, the Conflict between the Russia and Ukraine, global 
Cost-based inflation, supply Chain challenges as well as the Challenge from the 
recessionary environment, we have improved EBITDA margin for the full year. 
The increase in EBITDA level in FY '23 over FY '22 demonstrate the positive impact 
of enhanced value addition and the richer product mix. As previously mentioned, 
our target over the next three years to four years is to raise EBITDA margin to 14% 
through a combination of growth initiatives and cost efficiency measures. 
In summary, we are focused on sustaining the momentum and endeavour to 
improve the financial and operational performance in the coming financial years. 
Our primary focus remains on enhancing margins, return ratios and optimizing our 
working capital cycle. We are confident of delivering healthy revenue growth with 
strong profitability growth in the upcoming fiscal year. 
 

Shyam Agarwal: 
On that note, 
| would now like to hand over to Mr. Shyam Agarwal, who will talk 
about operating highlights for the business. 
Thank you, Mr. Vimal. Greetings to all of you. 
During the quarter, domestic auto industry witnessed moderate growth of 0.6% 
on Y-o-Y basis due to the OBD issues as well as the constrained chip availability. 
Within 
this, 
the 
bright spots were Passenger Vehicles, which grew 13% and 
Commercial Vehicle, which grew 7% on Y-o-Y basis. The improved growth 
in PV 
was driven by increase in high-end segment, greater tourism activity, as well as 
new launches. 
In the case of Commercial Vehicles and Heavy Vehicles, factors such as increased 
infrastructure 
strength, 
mining 
activity 
and 
logistics growth 
helped 
to 
drive 
volumes. 
In 
FY 2022-23, Alicon 
has booked new orders aggregating INR1,700 
crores. With this, our total order booking has reached to INR7,800 crores, which is 
executable over 
a period of seven years from 2022-'23, up to 2028-'29. 
In last 
quarter, we have received further new orders from some of our global customers 
like Jaguar and Land Rover and Danfoss, pertaining to products 
in the Carbon- 
neutral business. 
The commencement of supply for these orders, along with the start of production 
across our aggregated orders booking will contribute to an increase in the revenue 
momentum. All of you would recall that we had announced one of our largest 
order wins for JLR e-axle housing 
in August 2022. 
| am pleased to share that 
innovative solutions provided by Alicon in co-ordination with our European arm in 
close association with JLR R&D team has enabled project to progress on schedule 
with the Start of Production planned in the next year. 
From the strategy perspective, we are progressing well on all our key pillars. Our 
value addition mix in key pillars did well 
in the fourth quarter as the share of 
Carbon-neutral business stood at 9%, Structural products stood at 8%, and Non- 
Auto business stood 
at 8%. We were able 
to deliver balanced growth with 
improvement in all segments despite a volatile market environment. 
 

Andreas Heim: 
Another focus area 
for our value creation approach 
is 
to increase the value 
addition mix from our products for four-wheeler and CV segments. In FY '23, we 
were able to reduce dependence on 2-Wheelers from 41% to 38% and increasing 
the share of 4-Wheeler business from 49% to 53%. In Carbon-neutral technology, 
our focus is on Passenger Vehicles, Commercial Vehicles, and export opportunities 
as we see a greater scope for value addition in these areas. We see good traction 
with 
motor 
housing 
products 
for 
Tata 
Motors 
as 
they 
are 
dominating 
the 
Passenger EV market in India. 
We are also seeing encouraging numbers in Commercial Vehicle segment as parts 
we 
had developed 
for DANA 
are 
facing promising demand 
with 
continuous 
government support to develop cleaner public transport options. We also supply 
parts for 3-Wheeler products to DANA, which is again showing favorable demand 
trends. The export business 
is doing well as we are focused on increasing wallet 
share on the back of development of parts for customers such as Danfoss, Eaton 
and Scania. We are 
in discussion on new projects and nominations 
in coming 
quarters. 
Our major customers, JLR 
in structural 
part business witnessed fluctuation 
in 
production 
due 
to 
availability 
of chips, 
but 
with 
their 
initiative 
to 
diversify 
supplies, we expect improved volumes from them in the current fiscal year. 
My colleague, Andreas will walk you through the further development 
in the 
structural part, while Rajiv will cover developments in the ICE and the Non-Auto 
business. 
On that note, 
| would now like to hand it over to Mr. Andreas Heim to throw light 
on the global business. 
Thank you, Shyam. 
A warm welcome 
to 
all 
of you. 
| 
will 
briefly cover 
the 
developments on our international business. 
We 
are gradually emerging from 
the 
challenging 
situation witnessed 
in 
the 
Calendar Year 2022. Businesses in Europe are stably adapting on the challenging 
circumstances and with some moderation in input prices, including gas, customs 
are now starting to operate plants at higher utilization 
levels. This has 
led to 
 

firmer indications 
for products being supplied 
by 
us with revenues from our 
European facility growing 20% on a year-on-year basis. One of our key customers, 
JLR 
has 
requested 
an 
increase 
in volumes 
for 
key 
part 
supplies. While 
the 
semiconductor availability remains a bit of a challenge, we see better availability 
for high-end cars, which has reflected an improvement 
in demand momentum 
from JLR for Samsung Battery Housing. 
Bosch, which is a Tier 1 supplier, has also done well and added new customers for 
their offerings. One of their end customers has introduced a new larger model, 
which has requirement of two housing 
per vehicle resulting in firmer demand. In 
Europe, 
as the winter subsides, we see resumed demand for 2-Wheelers. This 
typically 
in volumes during the spring season 
leads 
to improved demand 
for 
structural parts from 2-Wheeler customers like KTM and BMW. We anticipate this 
to continue through the summer months. 
Further, with the easing energy costs there is some relief for households from the 
sharp 
inflationary 
pressures, 
which 
can 
lead 
to 
better 
consumer 
demand. 
Aluminum prices have also softened, and the reduced cost baskets should help 
our customers in reducing prices of the final products. 
Apart from the increased activity from customers which we had anticipated and 
indicated last quarter, we have also actively increased our customer interactions 
and are seeking to work with customers on products as well as various solutions 
for adjacent products as several of our customers across OEMs and Tier 
1 are 
working aggressively on new technology developments. 
The global business contributed to 21% of the total revenue during the quarter 
and 22% for the Fiscal Year, respectively. 
Apart from the improved customer sentiment which we are sensing, we are also 
moving ahead with initiatives to reduce costs. We have received approval for the 
investment in solar panel which will help us to reduce energy costs and remain 
more competitive. 
On this note, 
| would like now to hand over to Mr. Rajiv Gupta, who will cover the 
development in the domestic business for the quarter. 
 

Rajiv Gupta: 
Veera Babu: 
Thank you, Andreas. Good day, everyone. 
The Indian automotive sector experienced volume growth of 13% in FY '23 ona 
year-on-year basis. However, this growth was largely front-ended and in the latter 
half of the year. There was some softness 
in growth, especially 
in case of 2- 
Wheelers as 
it was affected by the regulations related to On-Board Diagnostics 
(OBD). 
Fortunately, there was better traction of 25% year-on-year in Passenger Vehicles 
and 29% year-on-year in Commercial Vehicles due to reasons mentioned by my 
colleagues. For Alicon, the sales growth from Passenger Vehicle increased 52% 
year-on-year and Commercial increased 59% year-on-year. The contribution from 
our Domestic business stood at 78% during the year. 
Going forward, in the Auto ICE business, we are seeking to increase the portfolio 
of the critical parts. In case of Toyota, we anticipate volumes to increase towards 
the end 
of the current financial year with 
a strong market response 
to new 
launches of Hyryder and Innova Hycross. We are further in discussions with the 
market leader, Maruti Suzuki on addition 
of further cylinder head businesses. 
Progress on these fronts will enable us to deliver on our strategy to enhance the 
Passenger Vehicle parts in our revenue mix. 
In the Non-Auto business, we have further supplied towards our order of the 
prestigious telecom project under Atmanirbhar Bharat. During the quarter, we 
were awarded a tender from the Department of Defense for supply of wheels for 
the battle tanks and cylinder heads for the heavy-duty defense truck, for which we 
will commence despatch in the coming quarters. 
On this note, 
| would like to now to request our Group COO, Mr. Veera Babu to 
share his perspective on the performance for the year. 
Thank you, Rajiv. Good day, everyone. 
Our FY '23 performance represents a consolidation from the disruption of the last 
two years to three years. We have stabilized our operations and will look to build 
on the momentum. One of the key achievements in FY '23 has been the significant 
 

Moderator: 
level 
of order booking, which will feed our growth 
in the upcoming years. As 
shared by Vimal ji, our performance in FY 2022-23 is about 130% of the level of 
Financial Year '18-'19, which was the previous high for the global and domestic 
industry. We will build on these further with the balance growth in the business 
across our 5 pillars. 
Our confidence is built upon deepening of client engagements. By leveraging on 
research 
& development, 
design 
excellence 
and 
value 
engineering, we 
have 
demonstrated to customers of our deep value that we can provide them as 
a 
supplier of repute. 
Another important element that we are focused on 
is the deeper footprint on 
technology. We have worked to automate certain processes of our operations. 
We have been highly proactive by working on advanced technologies especially 
for thermal cooling solutions for the EV segment. Another area of focus 
is to 
provide 
innovative solutions 
to 
our customers 
in 
the area 
of complex 
parts 
pertaining to cooling solutions for motor and e-axle over traditional methods. We 
have also made progress 
in developing 
a 3D printing solution for sand mould 
enabling our customers the 
ability 
to quickly convert design 
into prototypes 
thereby compressing the product development lead time. We are also exploring 
friction stir welding which 
is a highly recommended application in the area of EV 
for strong and high-quality joints. 
This focus on technology-based solutions has helped us to differentiate ourselves 
across the global landscape. 
We are also actively working towards increasing our sustainability footprint and 
have commissioned our captive solar plant 
in 
India while installation 
of solar 
panels at our facility in Europe will be completed this year. These initiatives will 
meaningfully transform our energy mix. 
On 
this note, 
| would now request to moderator to open the forum 
for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Yash Dalal from Sushil 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 

Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes. 
Firstly, thank you to the management for this detailed breakdown of the 
quarter and year gone by. So just a few questions. Your vision was of INR2,000 
crores revenue and EBITDA margin of 14% to 15%. Are we on track to achieve the 
same? And when could we see this happen? 
Yes, Yash. So, for INR2,000 crores of revenues, we are targeting by FY25-'26, so 
next three years to achieve that level. And definitely, as we were explaining in our 
previous 
con 
calls 
also about 
the improvement 
in 
the 
margins. 
So, we 
are 
expecting to reach around 14% in that year of '25-'26. 
And to add on basically to achieve the sales of INR2,000 crores, we are quite 
confident because 
if you see the portfolio for '25-'26, we have noticed around 
84% business that we have already secured. That is from the regular and the new 
parts what we have added. So, for achieving that, we don't think there's any 
worries. Further, we are trying how we can materialize. 
So only 15%, 16% 
is the balance, so that we are receiving a lot of new inquiries, 
RFQs are there, and 
a 
lot of new businesses are under negotiation with the 
customers. 
So, we 
are 
fully confident that we 
will 
be able 
to 
deliver these 
numbers. 
And second point here is, we are planning to increase as per the strategy where 
we get good margins. One 
is 
to reduce our dependency on 2-Wheelers and 
enhance our contribution with Passenger and Commercial. Second 
is to increase 
our portfolio in the Carbon-neutral, structural, and also, to some extent, the Non- 
Auto parts where we have higher margins. And third is to increase our portfolio in 
the global market, where we can offer solutions and we can leverage over 
a 
competitor are basically of high good margin prices. 
Okay. And so, for this INR2,000 crores revenue numbers, what would be like the 
revenue mix for 2-wheelers, 4-wheelers or new technologies like our EV hydrogen 
export and non-auto? 
Yes. 
If 
| talk in terms of our segment buckets, so 2-Wheelers would be around 
31%, Passenger would be around 36% to 40%, Commercial would be around 20% 
to 25%, Non-Auto, yes, 
it would be around 6% to 8%, something of that sort. And 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
yes, 
a 
little chunk we have kept with 3-Wheelers also because we see 
a good 
momentum picking up, especially 3-Wheelers in the EV space. And the good thing 
is 
Alicon 
has 
also 
entered 
in 
the 
space 
and 
is 
now 
materializing 
through 
development what we did with DANA. 
Coming 
to 
the different 
portfolio 
mix, which we categorize, 
that 
is the 
five 
strategic segments. At this moment, the visibility we see, we've already confirmed 
with our planning roughly around 20% to 24% with Carbon-neutral parts. 
ICE 
would play around 60% to 65%, Non-Auto, I've already explained. Structural also is 
an area where we are aiming, and that is where we have added a part with the 
Jaguar in the Passenger Vehicle. These solutions are really appreciated now with 
other players also 
in 
this space. And yes, we are doing quite good 
in the 
2- 
Wheeler high-end bikes. 
So, the good thing 
is, yes, we have the test with our European base with plant 
developments through KTM, BMW, Ducati, which we have added last year. But 
now even in India, we are noticing the trend of high-end bikes are coming up. And 
that's the reason we are noticing the OEMs 
like REML, 
Classic legend, that’s 
Mahindra and also Honda, they are coming up with a structural portfolio. This also 
will further enhance our portfolio. But yes, we are planning to keep this portion 
from 5% to 7%, because this 
is an area where I'm going to mitigate any risk, 
because be a 2-Wheeler, 
| mean be a Hybrid, be ICE or be an electric, these parts 
will remain common. So that also is an area where 
| aim to increase my portfolio. 
So, Yash, important is that if you have heard that with the change in the sales mix, 
how it is moving. So earlier Alicon used to be having more than 50% contribution 
coming from the two-wheeler industry. So now this year, we have gone down 
from 53% that was in last year, in '21-'22. So that has gone down to 46% in the last 
year of '22-'23. And now as per our planning by '25-'26 will be in the range of 30% 
to 32%.So contribution from other sides like Passenger and Commercial that 
is 
increasing that bucket. 
Thanks, Mr. Vimal, for your explanation. Basically, we are aiming to increase our 
sales content per machine, because 
| believe you see a two-wheeler component 
ranges from, say, 
1 kg to say 3 kg or 4 kg depending upon the CC of the vehicle. 
 

Yash Dalal: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yash Dalal: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Raghunandhan NL: 
But we have more opportunity when to explore a Passenger Vehicle or even 
a 
more opportunity when we explore a Commercial. So that is what we are aiming 
to increase the sales per machine. 
Okay. Just a couple of more questions. Could you throw some light on the revenue 
loss caused in Q4 due to these new OBD/RDE norms? And what will be the impact 
of this in the next few quarters this year? 
Yes. We noticed an impact. And this time, we noticed the OEMs are very cautious. 
They didn't want to repeat the issues what they faced when there was a transition 
from a BS4 to BS6. And that's the reason we noticed this very early in quarter 4 
when they started. They have reduced their numbers. So, our impact was roughly 
around INR30 crores to INR35 crores with effect, and this 
is onetime what we 
know very well. This is just a onetime hit. Now from April, we have noted impact 
from the last two weeks of the March, we noted the volumes have picked-up, and 
now the OEMs are planning to build this inventory and further grab the market 
share. 
Okay. And also what is the volume growth in FY '23 and the impact on realization 
due to the fall in commodity prices? 
The revenue growth, which you have noticed, which we have mentioned 
in the 
script also, we noted it was around 30%. But yes, we noted the commodity prices 
also has fallen down. And with that, we noted there was a hit of roughly around 
INR5O crores to INR55 crores. So, this would be roughly around 4% to 5%. 
Okay. And also could you provide like a guidance on the growth expectation for FY 
'24 volumes and revenue going forward? 
That 
| think in the last meeting also -- we have been approximately now -- at this 
moment, we are expecting to grow by 15%, the top line. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Thank you, 
sir for the opportunity. Congratulations 
on 
a strong 
FY 
'23. 
First 
question was on the demand side. 
So, there are 
2 factors which are likely to 
 

Rajiv Gupta: 
positively support growth for FY '24. First one, you have a strong pending order 
book. Can you indicate roughly, how much new orders can contribute to FY '24 
revenues? 
And secondly, one of the segments, which I'm hoping that should contribute to 
the growth 
is exports because semiconductor supplies seem 
to 
be gradually 
improving and companies globally like Volkswagen, Audi, they are talking about 
growth up to 15% in CY '23, even JLR has guided for 24% volume growth in FY '24. 
So, 
if you can throw some light on both these factors, new orders, and exports 
outlook? 
So yes, first, there's a new order booking, if you see. This year, we are planning to 
book roughly around INR700 crores from the new part what we have added. This 
will 
basically contribute from the Passenger Vehicle and Commercial Vehicle 
segments. So, major that will be from the passenger and commercial vehicles and 
also from the structural parts and the EV parts what we have added. Talking about 
the global OEMs, how they're going to support, yes, the new businesses what we 
have added, especially from Jaguar, one is the order win which we have declared 
in August 2022 in last year. 
So, 
this we are working very closely to materialize this effect. Further 
is 
last 
quarter, we added one more part with Jaguar. And this we have explored one 
more opportunity. Ideally, we were focusing on a motor housing, battery housing, 
inverter housing, and eAxle what we added. So, these what we were targeting, 
but we noticed, especially for the high-end cars, there are some structural parts 
also as opportunity which we can materialize, which calls for process what we are 
into. So, this is a good business what we added in last quarter with a heavy weight 
of roughly around 13 kg a part and also with the good volumes of roughly around 
80,000 a year. 
So, this 
is also with our strategy which we are aiming. So, Jaguar Land Rover 
is 
one, with whom we are planning to increase our portfolio. Second 
is Daimler 
Trucks in Europe, USA and also, we now have started 
in Japan. And good thing 
also we noted 
in 
last quarter, we entered 
to even China of Daimler with this 
portfolio. Apart from this, there are other players 
in Europe, with whom where 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Raghunandhan NL: 
the products 
are 
in development 
right now. One 
is Scania, 
this 
is again 
on 
electrification. We have developed seven parts up till now, which will go in the 
SOP in this year, then we have got MAN Trucks. These are into big parts, which 
talks about capability and criticality what Alicon is able to deliver. 
So, these are big flywheel housings weighing from 10 kg to 30 kg. So, with this, 
even 
we 
have 
opportunity 
to 
touch 
these 
other 
European, 
US 
and 
Indian 
customers. We're also talking with, 
if we come down to US, 
it's Danfoss. So we 
have developed one part that was 
in two years ago. Now with the successful 
development, we, and the trust what we're able to deliver, we're in discussion of 
big orders. One order, yes, 
in last quarter, which you have noted 
in our script 
which we have booked. 
Further, we have strong discussions of materializing other portfolio 
in EV space 
with Danfoss. So, with this, we feel we have got a good opportunity to materialize 
the developments what we added, particularly from the global businesses. Apart 
from, yes, domestic, that's already there, which you have noticed with examples 
like Toyota, which is now picking up, then is TACO motor housings for Tata, then is 
PSA also is picking up. We are working on various other orders and so on. 
So, Raghu, if we conclude all this, so what we are talking about for the numbers of 
the next year, this means current year of FY23-'24. So, this 15% is what we worked 
out based on the earlier schedules shared by the customers, especially the global 
customers where we are more focused. So now hopefully, because just now they 
are in the process of revising their schedules, whatever you are saying that they 
are now revising on the upward side, all the schedules like either we talk about 
Volkswagen or JLR. So hopefully, maybe in the next con call or very shortly, we will 
be able to revise our numbers also based on their revised numbers we receive in 
the coming months. 
Thank 
you. Thank 
you, 
sir, 
for 
the comprehensive answer. 
In 
other words, 
assuming underlying industry grows anywhere between 5% to 10% and with the 
new orders coming 
in and revision of schedules happening, can we expect an 
upside risk to our current expectations? 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Vimal Gupta: 
We hope 
so. 
Unless and 
until we get some information 
in writing 
or some 
confirmed news from the customers. So, 
it 
is for us also difficult to revise the 
numbers. 
And sir, just wanted to check with you, just clarifying what you said, 2-Wheeler FY 
'23, the share was 46%. 
Is that correct? Can you also share how much was 
it for 
PV-CV? 
Yes, yes. 
It was correct, 46%, the two-wheeler and '21-'22, it was 53% on the sales 
side, I'm talking about the sales. 
Correct. And can you share for the other segments also, sir, PV-CV? 
Yes, yes, definitely. Rajiv, can you please share? 
If we see for the PV, so it was 31% last year what we ended up and the previous 
year, 
it was around 28%. Even 
in the Commercial also, we got an increase of 
roughly around 3% and touching around 18% to 19%. Carbon-neutral also, we 
noted an increase. 
It was roughly around 7%, and more we have added with the 
value-addition portion. So, 
| believe we are more observing towards the value- 
addition what we 
are able 
to generate from these segments. 
So, 
on 
value- 
addition, even the contribution was on the higher side. 
If we see Non-auto, it was 
around 7% and technology-agnostic is, it was around 7%. 
So here clearly, you can understand that how the sales mix is changing from the 
year-on-year basis, and that is as per our strategy that we have planned earlier. 
Absolutely, sir. And in terms of the investment in FY '23, that was mainly relating 
to the captive solar plant, right, some INR27 crores kind of investment? 
Not for that, 
in fact, 
it 
is on 
a partnership basis. So, our investment was INR5S 
crores for the equity there. That investment 
is for our maintenance capex, then 
new projects of PSA, where we have made a huge investment and the machining 
side as well because now new customers are adding up like Toyota or Maruti 
Suzuki 
or 
some 
other 
new 
customers 
are 
coming 
up. 
So, 
their 
testing 
requirements, their quality requirements are very high, so we have to invest on 
that side. 
 

Raghunandhan NL: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Rahil Shah: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Just the last question before 
| fall back to the queue. Q4, you said that 
there 
is a onetime expense, which was relating to one was with reference to a 
customer, their claim settlement was done. And how much was the onetime 
impact in Q4? 
That is around INR3 crores. So that comes to around 1% of the sales. So, one issue 
was going over the last three years, four years, so onetime settlement. So still not 
concluded, but we have made a provision for that cost. 
Got it. So ideally, this should not continue in the coming quarters? 
Yes, yes, yes, it is a onetime settlement. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hello, sir. Good afternoon. My question is on the global business. You said you are 
looking to increase the portfolio, correct? So currently, 
it 
is at 22%. Now first, 
| 
want to ask, is this global business? Is it, in general, a better business compared to 
domestic, let's say, for margins and profitability? 
Yes. Because if you see now, domestic business has become more a commodity. 
There are a lot of other players also, right? And now with so much of competition 
in domestic market, the buyers are very price sensitive. So, they are 
like the 
players who are able to give 
a lower rate, they will immediately shift to that 
supplier. So that we have noted unlike previously where we noted OEMs were 
looking for a long-term partnership. And also, as we are moving ahead with new 
technologies with new spend on R&D, we have also noted this not be more in this 
space, particularly a segment like 2-Wheeler and so on. And that's the reason now 
we are shifting to more complex and critical and bigger and bolder parts. 
And that also we see a big opportunity when we touch global market. Ideally 
if 
you see the Commercial and Passenger in global, it's a huge number compared to 
India 
also. 
So 
that's the reason we 
are trying 
to 
add more with 
the global 
businesses. And with that, we are now increasing our progress also for our global 
customers 
to 
bring this 
to increase our effort and thereafter convert 
it 
into 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Rahil Shah: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rahil Shah: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Rahil Shah: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Chheda: 
opportunity because we know very well. This is a time where be OEMs, be our Tier 
1s, they're aggressively working on new developments, be EV or be any advanced 
technology when we talk about timing. And we know from 
a supplier who 
is 
regular or very close in discussions can definitely grab this opportunity rather who 
is just trying to have a exploring opportunity 
| think from a customer range. 
Just to conclude your question, one 
is that in India, Alicon’s presence 
is on the 
higher side. So what we can conclude that maybe the business 
in 
India had 
saturation for the market may be based on the industry growth. So, on that basis, 
we can see the growth of some new parts are coming up or maybe some more 
opportunities in the EV segment. But on the global side, the market is huge, and 
our presence was very small. So everywhere we have the opportunity. So based 
on this, so we see the big opportunity on the revenue side as well as definitely, 
the margins are better when we made a comparison with the domestic market. 
What can this number be of the split from 22%, how much you're targeting the 
split of revenue between global and domestic? It's currently 22% of total revenues 
on a yearly basis? 
Yes. 
So how much you think we can scale up? 
We are aiming to increase it to around 40% to 42% by FY ‘25-'26. 
By '25-'26. Okay. And this FY '24 top line, you said 15% growth. But what about 
the EBITDA margins then, currently at 11%, how much, what 
is you’re feeling 
about that? 
At least a minimum 1% growth we can see in the coming years. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
So sir, what 
is the right way to look at this order book of INR7,800 crores. I'm 
assuming most of the execution 
is in FY 2025-26. So, 
if you can explain how the 
order book would translate 
into revenues? And how 
is 
this divided 
into the 
 

Rajiv Gupta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
recurring order book or new order with, etcetera? And the other question on the 
margin expansion, 
is that with this structural change in the business/revenue mix 
for you, is it the right inference that most of the margin expansion would be from 
the gross margins? 
And third question 
is on the capacity utilization with us being close to INR2,000 
crores, and most of the current capex being in maintenance and machining. 
Is 
it 
right inference that we would be operating close to 80% capacity utilization? And 
if yes, how are we thinking about adding more production 
or manufacturing 
capacity going better? 
First, the order book, yes, with the great success 
is now on new orders, we see 
there 
is an opportunity to book around INR7,800 crores sales over seven years. 
And 
if you talk about contribution, roughly around 33% would be from the EV 
parts where we were aiming, so that's 
a good sign. And again, with the recent 
parts what we added, especially the big orders from JLR, around 6% to 7% would 
be from structural. If we see this in terms of the segment buckets, around 50% to 
54% will be from Passenger Vehicles. 
And that is which you have noted like Toyota, the new launches what they have 
done, Hyryder and Hycross. 
| mean the acceptance is far better than anticipated, 
and even Toyota 
is now asking 
us to increase the capacity at the end of this 
financial year. So that's a good sign which we want to materialize. Also PSA, if you 
have noticed they have launched 
a vehicle, 
a good one with good competitive 
price. So, this also we are trying to materialize, and this will even be for domestic 
as well as the global business followed by Jaguar, the businesses what we have 
discussed, a good chunk will be there and export into retail. 
And yes, on commercial, if we talk about Daimler, still now roughly around 20-plus 
parts what we have developed with them, and one we think being very complex 
and complicated, this well help us now to look at this opportunity, and this 
is 
roughly around 18% to 22% of our total order book what we have done on this 
area. And also, 
if you see what we have booked roughly around 50% is from the 
global business. So that is also a factor which will help us to increase our portfolio. 
What was your next question? 
 

Aditya Chheda: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Aditya Chheda: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Aditya Chheda: 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, with this structural change 
in the business mix, 
is 
it right to inference that 
most of the margin expansion, which we are alluding to that is from 11% to 14% 
would be from gross margins? 
Yes, well, we can see that at times it will come from the gross margins. 
Got 
it. And third was on the capacity utilization where we are close to 60-65%, 
would we reach 80% to meet our target of Rs. 2,000 crore revenues? 
Capacity utilization, no, we can't calculate theoretically like this, the way you are 
calculating, because the individual part depends on the size, criticality, so we need 
some different type of machines, maybe for some bigger size of the casting 
machine or some different process requirements from the customer. So, on that 
basis, we have to invest. And from where we have to do the automations. And as 
we are explaining that now, all every 100% business we are getting the machine 
parts. So, we have to invest for the CNC machines also. 
So, on that basis the utilization of 80% definitely, but we are expecting because 
overall the utilization when we are even at peak, that cannot go beyond 80% to 
85%, because 15% to 20%, we have to keep for the business registrations. So, we 
can expect that utilization of maybe around 75% that we can assume. 
Got 
it. And sir, on the execution of this order book, so what 
is the right way to 
think about it, whether most of it will be executed in FY '2025-26 or how should 
we think about revenues flowing from this order book on the execution side? 
So, the important 
is that what Rajiv has explained that out of INR2,000 crores, 
85% business is already we are having the orders, okay? So only now 15% that we 
can convert into around INR300 crores. So, 
a 
lot of new businesses are under 
discussion with the various OEMs, especially on the global side. So, 
| think there 
should not be any issue to deliver INR2,000 crores by FY2025-26. And definitely, 
like 
earlier 
this Raghunandhan, 
he was 
talking about 
the 
additional, maybe 
surpass our the projections. So, they may also happen, but we can't say at this 
moment, 
it totally depends on the schedules and how the market behaves in the 
future. 
 

Rajiv Gupta: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Aditya Chheda: 
Vimal Gupta: 
And 
if you see that's the reason, we don't want to be dependent on 
a single 
customer. And that's the reason we are with several customers with diversified 
portfolio among different segments, 
different 
regions. When we 
talk about 
exports 
also, whether with 
US, whether with 
Europe, 
UK, we added 
a major 
chunk. And now just we are exploring further to increase 
in Japan and 
a few 
opportunities which we explored in last quarter with China. 
And the one important more point 
| would like to add to 
it about we are more 
focused on are having the higher margin size. Because when we are talking about 
INR2,000 crores, and 
it 
is easy for us to even deliver more. Maybe we can talk 
about maybe INR2,200 crores also. But we are focused on the parts, what kind of 
parts we are doing. So just for your information, in the one year, last one year, the 
number of parts we have reduced from, 
| think by 150 parts, from 490 to 315. So 
approximately 175 number of parts we have reduced from our bucket. 
Yes. So, we're just trying to materialize and capitalize our resources on an efficient 
way, where even we can please our customers and we can increase our portfolio 
with focused customers and getting upward margins thereafter with the service 
what we provide. So that 
is what again which we are aiming to support our 
customer best with because 
if we are going to touch upon various alternatives, 
definitely, we wouldn't be able to support equally to all our customers. That's the 
reason we have come up with these strategies, and we have noted 
this has 
worked quite well in this year, and we are very sure to materialize even a global 
effect in coming years. 
Yes. Sir, my last question is on the working capital. This year also, we've seen close 
to INR60 crores being stuck in working capital. And with INR90 crores of capex for 
FY '24, how is the cash flow position considering we are looking at high double- 
digit growth for the next couple of years? So, this INR40 crores increase in debt, 
how do you think about the funding position going ahead? 
So, for this year like based as per our budgeted cash flow planning, so hopefully, 
we'll be able to reduce our debt by end of the year. And on the other side, when 
we are talking about the increase in the working capital. So one part is that there 
is increased growth in the top line by 30%, that has also impact, as well as there 
 

Moderator: 
Dixit Doshi: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Dixit Doshi: 
are some issues like when we're talking about some inventory correction by the 
customers. So, we build up the inventory. So, you could see that some increase in 
the inventory has happened. So that will be utilized in the coming months, as well 
as like some capital debtors are there. 
So, because a lot of new products we have developed, and the investing was done 
for the tooling. 
So that maybe they have started making the payment. 
So 
hopefully, next six months to eight months, we will be able to realize that amount 
also, that is approximately around, 
| think INR40 crores to INR45 crores from the 
customers. So, we are expecting by end of the year by, means March 2024, we 
should be able to improve vertically on the working capital cycle as well on the 
debt side. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. Yes. 
First question 
is regarding the revenue target 
what we are having, 
let's say, 15% growth and 
1 percentage increase 
in the 
margins. 
If 
| see our last three quarters' performance, the revenue is going down, 
let's say, INR377 crores 
in September, then INR360 crores and INR320 crores. 
Some of that may be also because of the reduction in the aluminium prices. So, 
when you are factoring 
in 15% growth from 
FY '23 revenue, 
| mean, are you 
factoring 
in, 
let's say, 
if the aluminium prices go down further or this kind of 
growth you are anticipating due to the visibility of the order book. So how do we 
read this? 
First of all, we have already factored this commodity prices. So we are not banking 
on that around the higher commodity prices. And like Rajiv has explained 
is the 
new order book. So, in this year, there is a further increase in the delivery side of 
what new orders we have secured in the last 2 years to 3 years. So, those are the 
main growth drivers for us. 
Okay. So, you are confident of growth because last 
3 quarters, we have been 
seeing the revenue coming down? 
 

Rajiv Gupta: 
Dixit Doshi: 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes. So even we have touch based what the researchers are talking on the growth 
of the 
market 
for 
global 
as 
well 
as 
the 
Indian 
automotive. What we 
have 
understood 
is almost all the regions globally are talking about an increase. The 
good sign for us is Europe, as the energy cost has come down and also the Russia- 
Ukraine war is about to come down. So, we are hoping for a good opportunity 
from our European location. This will support our exposure to Europe and also a 
good opportunity to materialize for 
a plant 
in Illichmann. So that 
is one. And, 
second is on the new parts what we added, new parts and the new business also, 
what we added will grow in SOP and this will materialize our sales thereafter. 
Okay. And the second question is regarding this order book, what we give. So, let's 
say, so this order book from a client must be some rough estimates of, let's say, in 
FY '26, they must be having some rough estimate that this much will be their 
volume. But it does impact sometimes due to the recession or any slowdown in 
the economy. So, what kind of max deviation from the order that clients give one 
can expect? 
If you see for this, 
| mean, 
last year, we anticipated roughly to book around 
INR5OO crores from the new order wins. And we just said the hit, we have closed 
roughly around INR440 crores to INR450 crores. So, this was roughly around 85% 
to 90%. 
| mean it all depends upon how volatile the market is. And, yes, which we 
noted because of the OBD because some of the launches were affected with the 
regulation from the government. And for some instance, we see even the SOPs, 
what initially, the OEMs have targeted in some area, we noted it was shifting by a 
quarter and so. But yes, the good thing is we are able to at least get 85% to 90%. 
But going forward, we anticipate this will be more than 90% of hit rate to achieve 
that. 
And secondly, on the customer projection versus reality, so we also see which all 
customers gave us what schedule in the past and how much is the actual pickup 
by those customers. So, whenever we make our business plan, we factor those 
numbers and then only we make our business plan. So, we generally go more real 
estate when we make our business plan. 
 

Dixit Doshi: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Ohri: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rohit Ohri: 
Okay. Okay. And just last one question. You mentioned that we are seeing the 
3-Wheeler EV also picking up. 
Sir, 
in three-wheeler 
EV, 
is 
it the 
ICE guys are 
aggressive, 
or do you see even the new players are also coming just like the 
2-wheeler? 
It is both the cases. 
If you see the current ICE player who has also developed the 
EV, so that are doing good and also new players are coming. So it's a mix. But still 
our thinking 
is whatever was the earlier ICE player, they will do good 
in the EV 
place. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive 
Shares. Please go ahead. 
Sir, two or three questions. The first one being related to the EBITDA margins. 
If 
we see that over the last 9 years-10 years, we've been at an average of 10.5% 
EBITDA margins or so. So, what are these factors that give us this confidence that 
going forward we will try to reach around 14% or maybe that kind of range of 
EBITDA margin in the next two years to three years or so? 
And this as 
| explained that major impact is coming from the change in the sales 
mix. So, always 
is very difficult to negotiate or to work with the 2-Wheelers 
because the commodity prices are going up. So now we are shifting the main shift 
of the business from 2-Wheeler to the Passenger as well 
as the Commercial 
vehicles. That is one. 
And on the other side, we are moving towards the global business. So, where we 
are negotiating the good prices from the customers when we made a comparison 
by getting customers 
in India. So, there 
is 
a major opportunity to improve our 
margins as well as the second is that the growth trend. So definitely, the economy 
of scale that benefit we should get. 
Okay. So, then my next question 
is that if you consider the customer order book 
anticipation versus the real world and the ability as to what we work with our 
capacity. What exactly is the conversion ratio, assuming that if the order book is 
INR100, then what sort of conversion can we do over like a year's time? 
 

Vimal Gupta: 
Rohit Ohri: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rohit Ohri: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rohit Ohri: 
Vimal Gupta: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Rohit Ohri: 
Not understood. This conversion converting into the sales you're talking. 
Yes, converting into sales revenue, yes. 
No, this what we are talking about the order book, 
it depends on what we are 
giving based on the schedules, yearly schedules they have given because we have 
already 
received 
the 
orders from 
them. Customers 
have 
already given 
the 
purchase orders. So only the lead time depends on the part and when there is a 
launch of the vehicle. So, it may be one year or maybe some customers like JLR, so 
they generally go for the two years lead time. And there 
is an increase 
in the 
volumes, year-on-year they grow. So, in that session, all our order book what we 
are discussing, 
or we are declaring 
in 
this con 
call, 
so 
it'll 
be based 
on 
the 
schedules what we receive from the customers. 
Okay. So, 
is 
it fair to assume that going forward, you can grow at around 18%,- 
20% kind of CAGR growth over the next five years or so? 
Hope so with your blessing. 
| mean like of course, but then do we have the capacity? 
As 
| explained, capacity, we cannot directly correlate with the order book and the 
existing capacity, because 
it depends on the requirement of the capacity means 
the kind 
of machine depends on the requirement of the product. So, we are 
maybe 50%, 60% of the common things, so we can utilize like the melting or 
casting, but some different requirements for individual products. So that there we 
have to invest. 
And Rohit, also as a part of the operational improvement, we also go for more 
capacity utilization by increasing the number of cavities, by putting more load on 
the machine, going for the higher weight part. So those improvements also we do, 
so that we can generate more revenues with the same capacity. 
So, 
| understand the part where we are reducing certain parts but getting newer 
parts every year. But then the thing is that do you think that going forward, you 
will be making use of the property, which is at care because the greenfield project 
which was there in the past, it was delayed, and it was a blessing in disguise that it 
 

got delayed. But then going forward, do you think that you will be investing into 
this greenfield capex? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rohit, at this moment, we have not planned this because you know that when we 
go for the greenfield project, so we have to start with the huge investment as well 
as on the fixed cost side, and then to find out that location, 
| don't know maybe 
need 3 years to 4 years. So, we are always more focus on how to increase our 
output or improve our capacities from the existing facilities. So that even for the 
INR2,000 crores what we are talking for FY 2025-'26, our plan 
is to deliver from 
the existing facilities. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Correct. You're still shutting the assets which we have right now. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Okay, sir, that helps, that helps a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This was the last question for today. 
| would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. 
| hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call, and we look forward to interacting next 
quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
 
