 
 
 
 
      
      04th August, 2023 
 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532662 
   Trading Symbol: HTMEDIA 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors for the quarter ended on 
30th June, 2023 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the enclosed transcript of Conference 
Call for Analysts and Investors held on 28th July, 2023 in respect of Un-Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter ended on 30th June, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.htmedia.in/investor-relations 
 
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HT Media Limited  
 
 
 
(Manhar Kapoor) 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
MANHAR 
KAPOOR
Digitally signed by 
MANHAR KAPOOR 
Date: 2023.08.04 
16:51:01 +05'30'

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Piyush Gupta – Group CFO 
Mr. Pervez Bajan – Group Controller 
Ms. Anna Abraham – Head, Investor Relations 
 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani from the  
HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our Q1 financial year 
2023 -24 earnings webinar. 
 
 
As a reminder all participants will be in listen only mode. After we are 
through with the presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions. I now hand over to Ms. Anna Abraham – Head, Investor 
Relations. Thank you and over to you Anna.  
  
Anna Abraham:  
Thank you, Aaditya. A very good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of the 
HT Media Group I welcome you all to the earnings webinar, to discuss the 
financial results of the 1st quarter for Hindustan Media Ventures Limited, 
which was declared yesterday and of the HT Media Limited which was 
released earlier today. On the call with me today are Mr. Piyush Gupta – 
Group CFO, Mr. Pervez Bajan – Group Controller, and members of our 
Investor Relations team. 
We will be now starting our presentation. Hope it's visible to all of you. 
This presentation and the financial statements are available on stock 
exchange websites and the investor relations section of our Company 
website. On your screen now is slide no. 2, which captures a disclaimer 
regarding forward looking statements. As a practice, we do not provide 
specific revenue or earnings guidance. Kindly keep this in mind. 
Moving on, the next slide gives our Chairperson’s comments on the 
performance of the company for the quarter, and I quote:  
“Overall, our performance in Q1 FY2023-24 has seen an improvement. 
While revenue is muted, profitability has expanded on the back of continued 
streamlining of costs and easing of commodity prices. 
Circulation and Advertising grew on a year-on-year basis in Print, while 
in Radio, non-FCT and value-added solutions drove the growth. 
Rising media spends by companies, growing consumer demand, more 
government spends, and relative easing in inflationary pressure, all augur 
well in the near-term for Print, Radio and Digital sectors of the M&E 
industry, which should benefit your Company. We are focused on working 
towards achieving profitable growth in our core businesses while 
expanding into new areas such as OTT.  
We remain committed to our journalism, while continuing to provide 
credible and insightful news & analysis, to our audiences.” 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
Moving on to the agenda for today on slide no. 4. We will begin the 
performance update with comments on our consolidated financials for the 
1st quarter. This will be followed by detailed remarks on Print, Radio and 
Digital businesses. We will open for Q&A. after the presentation concludes. 
With that I hand it over to Piyush. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks, Aaditya, Thanks Anna. If we may just track the presentation.  Our 
consolidated financial results, total revenue came at INR 445 crores a 
growth of 3%.  EBITDA at INR 27 crores is a growth of 250+%, margins 
therefore, improved from a -4% to +6%. Our PBT came in at  
INR -21 crores, which is, however, an improvement of +68%.  And PBT 
margins at a -5% from a -15% same period last year. Cash still remains a 
healthy INR 902 crores. Sequentially our revenues declined by 10%. And 
our PBT improved by 39% from INR -34 crore to INR -21 crores.  
 
Moving on, now on the Print business performance. Our Ad revenues came 
at INR 244 crores, which is a growth of 2%. Circulation revenue came at 
4% growth at INR 60 crores. Operating revenue was INR 324 crores, which 
is a decline of 7%. Operating EBITDA was flat versus the same period last 
year, at INR 2 crores with the margin at 1%. Primary reasons are given in 
the bottom of the chart. Ad revenue growth for the quarter basis y-o-y, is 
supported by better ad volumes, so the volumes have come to a pre-
pandemic level. Circulation revenue rose on a y-o-y and q-o-q basis owing 
to healthy realizations per copy. Overall operating revenue saw a decline 
on account of one-off in other operating income in the base year and 
operating EBITDA was marginally positive. 
 
Having a quick look at our English business. Our Ad revenues on a y-o-y 
basis grew 2% from INR 127 crores to INR 130 crores. On a q-o-q basis 
they came down 16% to INR 130 crores. Circulation revenue on a y-o-y 
basis was up 53% because of active realization per copy actions and on a 
on q-o-q basis they were flat to a marginal decline of 2%. Circulation 
revenue improved y-o-y due to improvement in our realization for copy and 
Ad revenue grew on y-o-y basis, as categories such as education, retail, real 
estate grew while FMCG, Auto remains subdued.  
 
A quick look at our Hindi business. Our Ad revenues were up 2% at  
INR 115 crores. And on a q-o-q basis they were flat at about INR 115 crores 
versus INR 116 crores last quarter. Circulation revenues on a y-o-y basis 
were down 6%. On a q-o-q basis they were up 2%. And key highlights for 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
the quarter, ad revenues grew y-o-y primarily supported by higher ad 
volumes. On a y-o-y basis, category such as retail education, auto, 
healthcare grew while real estate and BFSI were subdued. Circulation 
revenue saw growth on q-o-q basis backed by higher copies. 
 
                                                    Radio, our operating revenue grew by 4% and came in at INR 35 crores 
and operating EBITDA was virtually flat at about INR 2 crores. Margins 
remained flat at 6%. On a sequential basis it's a 5% decline on operating 
revenue and operating EBITDA it's a 182% growth. Key revenue growth 
on y-o-y basis, is led by non FCT segments, which is basically on air and 
on ground events and various other integrations with the on-air activities. 
Operating EBITDA has improved from same quarter last year. 
 
The Digital segment operating revenues came in at INR 36 crores, which is 
a decline of 9% and operating EBITDA at INR -17 crores, which is a 
decline of 101%. Operating EBITDA margin came in at -48% as against  
-22% same period last year. On key highlights, q-o-q revenue growth with 
improvement across all business segments in Digital and increase in 
EBITDA losses owing to investment in new businesses.  
 
With that we come to the end of the presentation. I hand it over back to 
Aaditya. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you Piyush. We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on 
the raise hand option which will enable the moderator to unmute you for 
posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your query, and 
kindly restrict to a maximum of 2 questions per participant, so that we may 
be able to address questions from all participants. We will wait for a few 
moments while the question queue assembles. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:                  The first question is from the line of Kaustav. Please introduce yourself                          
and ask you question 
 
Kaustav Bubna:                     
I'm from BMSPL. It's a family office. So, I have a few questions regarding 
Hindustan Media Ventures business. So, you know your cost of goods sold 
has moved up from about 32% in FY21 to 44% in FY23. Now, the global 
pulp prices are coming down. So, I wanted to really understand, could you 
explain to us how sustainable this trend is from how you all are seeing it on 
global pulp prices coming down. And also, how much inventory? What is 
the inventory days for you? How much inventory do you hold of high cost 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
paper already? And so basically, what I wanted to understand was, how do 
you see gross margins going into FY24? And then the second part of the 
question is, you know, we are going into election year. So, since FY24 is 
you know, we're getting closer to elections. How do you see in this Print 
business revenue growth, you know, in terms of circulation and 
advertisement revenue? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Right. Well Kaustav on the first part we definitely see the gross margins 
expanding from here on. The pulp prices and the newsprint prices have been 
now coming down for like 3-4 months and we don't go very long in a 
commodity cycle which is coming down. We don't stock very long 
inventory, but you know, our inventory prices will, in production, start 
coming down now, so you will see the margin expanding from here on, and 
we are not sitting on a very long inventory pile as well. So that's point 
number one. On the election year, of course you know there will be election 
revenues, which will come. And I think right from the festive season, which 
will start let's say, in late September, October right up to election, I believe 
the revenue outlook should be reasonably buoyant. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:                        Fair enough, you know I understand all these points you mentioned but the 
main and I know you don't give guidance, but could you give some sort of 
you know indication as to how can we get back to these high single digit 
EBITDA margins, not including other income. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Only 2 things Kaustav. So, let me okay, so let's brainstorm this. You are 
absolutely right, I think it's a great question. So, one is obviously the 
commodity prices. Now newsprint you know, depending on the price of the 
newsprint, it constitutes anywhere between 30% to 40% of the bill of 
materials depending on what the commodity prices are. As it is coming 
down, obviously it will expand the margin. The only other thing is which 
I've been highlighting on the calls earlier is the pricing. Now, as you are 
aware that the volumes have come back. If you look at the industry volumes 
in Hindi, in languages, in English, most of the volumes are now back to 
pre-pandemic level. But, however, the pricing is still a challenge. I mean 
depending on market to market, you know, in some markets pricing is as 
low as 65% to 70%. Whereas in other markets it's 80% to 85%. We've 
started a very aggressive pricing program. But, as you can understand, 
pricing is a competitive activity in the marketplace. But we are very hopeful 
from now to the balance of this calendar year itself, you know, we should 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
reach substantial pricing and the moment pricing comes in, pricing falls 
directly to the bottom line.  
 
So, without other income there are only two levers. One is the raw material 
prices which you have a better sense than I do. And the pricing which I'm 
telling you that we've instituted a program which should help immensely, 
but you know, it will not be a flip of a switch. I mean, we have started this 
program 2 months back. We are, you know, trying to push that number as 
much as possible. But it's a competitive market. The only good news is the 
volumes are back. It gives us confidence to undertake this journey. Last 
year same time, we didn't have the confidence to hit the pricing paddle 
because the volumes weren’t back then. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Okay, great. And just last question, if you would allow me. You know, one 
of the biggest concerns when we talk about this Company is that you've got 
a lot of cash lying on your books, and you don't use it. So, is there any 
update on utilizing the cash on the books? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well Kaustav I have no fresh information to give on that side. The only 
point I can say, you know, and people can say hindsight is 20-20. We've 
seen the start of the pandemic to the end of the pandemic. I think that cash 
held us in very good stead, you know, because the revenues collapsed the 
way they collapsed, and it took more than 18 months for them to anemically 
start building back. But at this point in time I don't have any fresh 
information to give on cash. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Okay, Thank you for your time. 
 
Piyush Gupta:                             Thanks. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from Mehul Parikh. Please introduce yourself and ask 
you a question. 
 
Mehul Parikh:  
Hello, Good afternoon. I'm an individual shareholder. My name is Mehul. 
I had basically two questions. One is that in OTTplay our online OTT 
aggregator app, there are other players like Tatas and all DTH players and 
broadband players who already have a customer base. So, what makes us 
so confident that we have a right to win when I mean right to win is being 
among the top 2 players in the country. What gives us that confidence? 
And you know, but the plan that we will be there. Second question is that 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
we have basically 4 or 5 live digital projects. One of them is Slurrp. So, 
when do we expect this kind of, this business to become cash positive. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Okay, so let me first address the OTTplay. So, you are right, there are top 
players in the market. But what OTTplay is trying to do is aggregate the 
OTT, so that people seamlessly can move to a certain genre and seamlessly, 
with a single sign on, at a discounted price watch the content that they want 
to watch, irrespective of the platform that content is hosted on. So, you 
know the DTH players or the other broadband players, some of them DTH 
players are definitely having their own proprietary app on which they are 
working, but what we are trying to do is aggregate the market. Now, of 
course, there are a few aggregators as well, and this is like aggregations that 
have happened in various places. You know, we are trying to aggregate the 
OTT, because that's a big theme which is growing, and that content is now, 
really, really, you know, growing at a speed of 18% to 19% annually and 
slated to grow like that, for at least the next 5 years. Now, what will come 
out of it? You know, we are approaching that from multiple price points. 
So, you know there are markets like Delhi, Bombay and Bangalore, 
whereby a lot of people have, you know, subscribed to multiple OTTs and 
paying that subscription. So, if you do the sum of parts, the kind of OTT 
platform that you are getting, the single login, and the single subscription 
is at a steep discount to what you would otherwise you know have to pay 
to get access to all that content. So, it's an aggregation play. It can’t be 
directly compared to what you know, or Tata, or various other people. But 
you know there are other players. So yeah, you wanted to say something. 
Go for it. 
 
Mehul Parikh: 
Yeah. So, I understand that model of the business. What I'm asking you is 
that like for example, Tata Binge is offering 27 channels. Similar packages 
aggregating the OTTs together. So, a lot of people are doing. I keep getting 
Airtel messages regarding a kind of aggregate discounted pricing. So 
basically, all of this have a legitimate customer base which is already a part 
of their viewership. So, what makes us stand out that we will corner a 
market share there? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, I've never said that we're going to corner the market share. I'm saying, 
market is good enough for more than one player.  
 
Mehul Parikh:  
So, yeah. But can we be even in top two? And what makes us there? 
 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yeah, so please segregate the market in NCCS A, B and C and in NCCS B 
and C market, there are a lot of people who are still watching through the 
cable. The cord cutting still has not happened there, because either the 
broadband is not there, you know, and 5G has not reached there, etc., and 
they want to watch it on TV. And maybe they don't want to take a you know 
a Tata, if the cable is not there. So. you know, we are trying to access a 
certain segment of the market whereby we can with the proposition that we 
have tap the NCCS B and NCCS C market. I'm not even saying for a 
moment that we'll be going head to head against the Airtel or a Jio who are 
bundling 15 to 20 apps. I think that's not possible, because they are basically 
bundling with their broadband stuff. So, there is a separate section of the 
market that we are trying to address. And I don't believe that the market, 
you know, will be saturated and won by a single player. So, I think we have 
a right to win. But in a certain segment of market that we've kind of basis 
our research carved out for ourselves. 
 
Mehul Parikh:  
So, have you got? Have you collected some good numbers over the last 3-
4 months?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, last 3-4 months have been slightly slow, because some of our critical 
key partnerships that we are doing, you know, are going a little slow. But 
you know, we've been also surprised on the positive side with the potential 
of doing multiple other value-added services with, you know those Tier 2 
Tier 3 town operators whereby we can do certain more value-added services 
and take this slightly higher on the value chain. But I would say, it's 
encouraging, but not superbly encouraging at this point in time. 
 
Mehul Parikh:  
Okay, thank you. Yeah, the second point was about Slurrp, like those 
channels which are there. When do we expect them to become cash positive 
for us. 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
You know. So, Slurrp, is not taking a lot of money at this point in time. We 
aren’t even investing too much money into it at this point in time. That 
particular segment that particular theme, I think, is a very relevant theme. 
Hence, we are still in a pilot stage. I don't think we have any ambition to 
scale up Slurrp at this point in time. We will see how it goes later on. But 
Slurrp is not burning a lot of money. 
 
Mehul Parikh:  
Okay, yeah. okay, thank you very much.  

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
The next question is from Yash R. Please introduce yourself and ask your 
question. 
 
Yash R:  
Good afternoon. Yeah so, my first question is, with regards to the other 
income, which I can see has increased by quite a bit versus previous year. 
What is the reason behind the same? 
 
Anna Abraham:  
Yes, this is Anna here. This is largely linked to treasury. You know, last 
year, same time there were multiple rate actions, etc. which had happened, 
which therefore there was a fairly high MTM (Mark to Market) loss that we 
had taken. In this quarter on the contrary, now we are expecting the, you 
know, rate actions to kind of near a pause, and therefore there is MTM 
(Mark to Market) gain that has happened. That's really accounting for the 
fluctuation. 
 
Yash R:  
Okay. And my second question is, with regards to the employee benefits 
expense. Now I can see, although there is a slight reduction. But what is the 
reason behind the same versus previous year is what I'm talking about 
again. 
 
Anna Abraham:  
There is actually versus previous year, quite a substantial reduction and we 
do have you know, certain provisions which have been trued up basis final 
payouts of variable, etc. So, because of that, there is savings in that 
employee cost line. 
 
Yash R:  
No sorry I didn't. I didn't get the last part it is on account of? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, Yash, Piyush this side. We've trued up the provisions, the unwarranted 
provisions have been written back. 
 
Yash R:  
Which were there in Q1 last year 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
You know, So the variable payout which happens basis the performance. 
These provisions are trued up every quarter.  
 
Yash R:  
Okay, Got it. Yeah, thank you. 
 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from Mehul Pathak. Please introduce yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Hi Piyush, Anna, Pervez. My greetings. Congratulations on an improved 
set of performance in the last quarter.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
And we shall not disappoint you going forward, Mr. Pathak 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
No, I hope. You know, after the questions, you don’t remain disappointed. 
So, no, actually Piyush, I was just, you know, had some overview on the 
whole media of what is happening in the stock market and all that, you 
know. So, if you look at Jagran Prakashan and DB Corp, the stock prices 
have run up big time. I have not checked their quarterly results and what 
they are showing, but clearly from the market side the expectation of 
performance from Print media has significantly changed. So, if we see the 
market as a sort of a you know indicator in terms of the pricing it is giving 
to other companies. A little disappointed, you know, should be the HT 
Media shareholders. Our stock price is not running up. Now when I look at 
our market cap, even the book value of Hindustan Media is not captured in 
our market cap, which means our Company is selling for free. If you are to 
get even the book value of Hindustan Media, HT Media will, you know all 
the assets of HT Media are today, you know, selling at the price of zero as 
per what the stock prices are. So, the stock market is, you know, making a 
very strong statement by not, you know, buying our stock. So, are there any 
thoughts of unlocking value of various assets that we have? Is there? 
Because in the last 3 or 4 years Covid was there. Covid is gone. 
Performance wise, even today we continue to make losses, so the book 
value will continue to keep coming down. Is there some way of you know 
you are thinking of unlocking value for the shareholder? Maybe this is an 
AGM question. But the thought came to my mind, so I asked the question, 
my second question is that Digicontent, is there any update? You know 
there is silence even in the notes on the Digicontent quarterly result. What 
is happening in the company? If all the NCLT issues are solved, and you 
know Company was going to come up with a revised proposal to take shares 
back from the shareholder. So, would you please share your perspective on 
these 2 questions. 
 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So, Mehul, let me answer the second question first. Look on Digicontent 
Limited we made an honest effort at that point in time, but we couldn’t get 
the support of all the shareholders which was required to take that scheme 
through. Now, you know, it will be foolhardy to come up with various 
schemes, unless and until we have stitched the support of all the 
shareholders who can sign off on a certain scheme. But is the thought in our 
mind? Answer is absolutely yes. Will we do it like in the next couple of 
quarters? I can't say that, but you know we absolutely have to unlock that 
value, and that is the honest attempt that we've made one and a half years 
ago. So, you know, watch that space. We will be back on that. But right 
now, I have nothing to say. Now coming on the stock price, and I totally 
understand that the performance of Bhaskar, which came last week is much 
superior. But if you break down the revenue, I mean the 3 state elections, 
etc., are sitting and driving 13% to 14% of growth in that 17%. And these 
states, we don't have a presence in. Now, we are approaching the national 
elections. We will see how it goes. The good news, of course, is that on the 
pricing side, as I was just telling another participant earlier on, we've started 
a program which will hold us in very good stead, and if everything goes 
well from now to the general elections which are slated for next year, we 
will be growing multifold from here on. And that coupled with the raw 
material price decrease etc., should drive a certain level of operating 
leverage which has been a little tough. You know, the answer on the stock 
market actually, look, I mean, HTML & HMVL, are also 20% and 30% up 
in the last 6 months, so markets are doing what the markets will do. But 
your first part of the question is absolutely valid. I mean, it's a pathetic 
market price. Trading at less than the book value doesn't make any sense at 
all. But really, can I impact that directly? We will do whatever is in the best 
interest for all shareholders. Unlocking the value on digital is definitely top 
of mind and watch the space. We will come back to you. We will solicit 
your thoughts and comments if you have a better thought but sheerly on the 
operating performances of both Print businesses and the Digital businesses 
- which we are not answering on this call - I think from here on you will 
see the next 3-4 quarters really building. From the momentum that we've 
seen and I don't read too much into the 20% and 30% stock price up in the 
last 3-4 months for both HTML and HMVL, because they are still 
substantially discounted. And I take your point on that. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Thanks, Piyush. We look forward. Because last four years at least some 
financial reengineering potential was there in the Company. And you being 
such a seasoned CFO, we expect that you know and Anna also being there. 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
How you engage with the mutual fund industry. You know, have people’s 
buy-in on our stock. I think a lot of potential is there to work in that area. 
And with the quality of management that we have. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Fair enough Mehul, we take the point. And I think we are putting our heads 
together. We still don't have a 100% solve for it. But we will be approaching 
all the shareholders, to seek their buy-in before we announce, the next steps 
on unlocking that value. 
 
Mehul Pathak:  
Thanks, Piyush 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from Ankit Patel. Please introduce yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Ankit Patel: 
Yeah. Hi, So, I am with HSBC Mutual fund.  My question was around the 
Radio business. The Radio business, seems to have peaked some time in 
FY19-20, where you had a run rate of around INR 60 crores of revenue per 
quarter. And you were making an EBITDA of about INR 16-20 crores at 
that time. Whereas if we see the situation right now, it seems to have halved. 
And I can understand Covid was a period in between. But we are starting 
to seeing a good amount of recovery there in the Radio business for other 
players. Is there a scale issue over here for HT Media in terms of having 15 
stations? So, want to understand from you, do you see recovery coming 
through over here? Because it's now making an EBITDA of only INR 2 
crores compared to that peak level of INR 16 crores or so on a quarterly 
basis. Second question on the same thing is that for Radio, how are you 
looking at it in the future? Are you looking to expand in terms of radio 
station approach? Maybe acquire. You know, recently we heard that Zee 
Media also wanted to enter into the business by acquiring something. What 
is your future plan for this Radio business? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Look on the Radio business. You have to peel the onion a little bit to 
understand the economics. Of course, you are right. I mean, there was a 
time when Radio business actually peaked out, the entire industry peaked 
out, and then Covid happened, and then, after that, the entire industry is 
under the weather a little bit. Now, when you compare the relative 
performance of our Radio business to some of our competitors, you have to 
understand that, regulations have a big bearing on the Radio business. Now, 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
the Government, obviously, by doing a certain level of auctioning, had 
taken their part of the money well in advance, whereas the industry has been 
under the cloud for the last 3-4 years, Covid or no Covid. Now, obviously 
with multiple representations, as you would be aware, Government is 
contemplating on various steps, like on license fees, the time duration of 
this license period, Government advertising rates so on and so forth, which 
of course is an industry level thing, and it will help the entire sector. But 
you know, if you basically model those things out, I think radio will come 
back to the FY19-20, if not FY19-20, at least 80%-90% of profitability 
there, sooner rather later, but it has a huge regulatory play. So, you know, I 
really can't comment on that. But you know, those are the things that we 
are grappling with. As far as our ambition on Radio are concerned, of 
course, with the sector itself, getting the raw side of the stick in terms of 
listenership and the disruptions that the digital medium has done on the 
broadcast medium, we are also reinventing this medium. Apart from 
terrestrial. We are trying to you know, button in various other digital, the 
podcasts, the music. You know what we call the non-FCT, which means 
the integrations of on air and non on air events, etc. with it, to drive revenue 
profitably on this medium. So, if some of these things, apart from the 
regulatory things, have their play, you'll see the trend line, shifting in the 
positive direction in the next couple of quarters. Of course, regulations will 
play the single biggest role in this. 
 
Ankit Patel: 
When you say regulation, you mean the license fee that is being charged by 
Prasar Bharti?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yeah. So, if you remember the license fees, it's the higher of 4% of revenue 
or 2.5% of NOTEF. So, people, for whom the NOTEF value is very low, 
which means the Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns, I mean, their total charge of 
license fees is just about 4% of their revenue, whereas guys who have a 
presence in big cities like us and are paying something like 30% of revenue 
because of the Government's formula. And now Government is obviously 
finally, after 10-12 years taking cognizance and they have put down a 
consultation paper, which is currently with TRAI. So, if that goes forward 
and they take away this NOTEF thing, then it will be a level playing ground. 
Then you can see 27% of the revenue falling to the bottom line straight 
away for guys like us, who have a big city play as against, some of our 
competition who have a small city play whereby the NOTEF values are like 
1/50th of what our NOTEF values are. 
  

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
Ankit Patel:  
Okay. Last question on this. I understand. what you are mentioning. So, in 
that respect, then with 15 stations at play would you be looking to add more 
stations. So yeah, since you are sounding upbeat on the business going 
forward. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
 Look, I have no reason to be either upbeat or be delusional, or be very, 
very pessimistic about the business. I'm saying I am a very realist on this. 
You know, from here on, the past I can't do much about, but if the future is 
bright, we don't mind kind of scaling up. And it's not 15, it's 22 stations. 
We don't mind scaling it up, provided we see the financial box becoming 
more robust by Government and Regulatory intervention, which has 
actually tilted the playing field against operators like us who have a big city 
play. And big city if you remember pre FY18-19 or FY19-20, also was 
where disproportionate revenue was coming. So, we didn't mind paying that 
kind of a high license fees. But now, when the markets have shifted, the 
Government has to basically look at this whole thing very pragmatically. 
 
Ankit Patel:  
Okay, thank you. Yes. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from Rohit Jhanwar. Please introduce yourself and ask 
your question. 
 
Rohit Jhanwar:  
Yeah. good afternoon myself, Rohit Jhanwar from Kotak Mahindra Bank. 
So, my question is related to the pricing which we have discussed, that we 
have rolled out some plans to, you know, increase the pricing. So, the 
question is related to when we looked at you know the peer within the 
industry, and we compare our revenue viz a viz their revenue sets and the 
EBIT margins. Then there is still a good gap viz a viz the peers and our 
EBIT level. So is it purely due to the pricing which we could not match. 
And still there is a good gap. And how we are going to you know, bridge 
this gap in near term. 
 
 Piyush Gupta:  
Look pricing is a substantial part of the delta that you are observing viz a 
viz the peer set. Scale is, of course, the second one. But you know all other 
things remaining equal, if you look at our pre-pandemic pricing which you 
can read into our margins versus the peer set. The delta was only the scale 
part at that point in time and scale, you know, we can always scale as long 
as, we get substantial amount of revenues coming. But at this level of 
pricing it doesn't make any more sense to incur cost by increasing copies. 
So, hence what we are doing is from a right manner, we are trying to correct 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
the pricing to a certain index of the pre-Covid level, and the scale difference 
will always remain unless we scale up to that level. But even without 
scaling up to that level you have seen financials right from FY16-17 
onwards up to pandemic, our margins were pretty robust, and that's where 
we want to come to, before we look at the scale in those particular markets. 
Because, please understand, you know let's say, a market in which we have 
a reasonable pole position is Bihar, which is not as robust or as lucrative a 
market as UP is, where some of our competitors play.  
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Rohit you are on mute, please unmute yourself. Rohit are you there? 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Moving on. The next question is from the line of Kaustav. Please unmute 
yourself and ask your question. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Yeah. Hi, So, just you know, going back to a previous question of mine. 
Regarding your Print business, what is the exact, if you could actually give 
the number of months, the figure for your raw material inventory days? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Look. let me give you a sense, you know, though we won't give you our 
exact number. But let me give you a sense. We have never in a falling 
commodity price market gone beyond 3-4 months. Of that 3-4 months, not 
everything is sitting in godowns, some is in transit as well. That is exactly 
the situation right now, because the new contracts that we are negotiating, 
with the raw material suppliers are for 3 months after that, so, it will never 
exceed that part. But obviously, you have to keep a cover of at least 90 days, 
including the in-transit inventory, because some of this inventory is 
imported. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Yeah. So that's exactly my question. Because if your inventory days, is 
about 3 months, the actually effect of falling prices will only come now, 
right? Is that a correct assumption? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
That's exactly the point I'm saying. So, in this quarter Q1 FY24, our 
inventory valuation happens on a weighted average right. In this quarter, 
you've only seen about 5% of the impact flow through. But now, as we 
progress into the second quarter and the third quarter, you know this will 
geometrically improve, 5 will go to 10, and 10 will go to 15%.  
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
And is that is that good enough to make you EBITDA positive without 
including other income? 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes, it itself will do that. But there is also a yield program just to let you 
know. But that's good enough, you know.  
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Yes, that you had mentioned. On your cash, just a question. If you are not 
going to invest it. Why don't you reward shareholders in some way, like a 
buy back or something?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
But Kaustav, we are investing in OTTplay, aren’t we. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
No. under HMVL or under HT Media?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Under HMVL 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Okay Okay, So, you are using that cash.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Absolutely, we are trying to create long term sustainable value for 
shareholders. And if our thesis that in the NCCS B and NCCS C markets 
the aggregation play can work well. Then, you know, we might have a good 
business on our hand. But obviously time will tell.  
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
You know what is this that you're investing in. Could you explain it to me? 
I didn't quite understand. What are you trying to do?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
So Kaustav, just a quick thing. But we are trying to aggregate multiple OTT 
Players into a single login and distribute that to the end consumer via 
various channels whereby they can you know they can get access to content 
on 15-20 logins for a fraction of the price which they would have had to 
otherwise pay to get access to all those OTT platforms. 
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Does something like this already exists? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
No one has a pure play aggregation like this. But of course, guys like the 
big telcos like Jio and Airtel are doing with their broadband services. But 
we are doing it on a pure play aggregation platform and going to the Tier 2 
and Tier 3 towns here.  
 
Kaustav Bubna:  
Okay, okay, great. Thank you so much.  
 

                             
      July 28, 2023 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you all. With this we come to the end of the Q&A session. If you 
have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
Our contact details are given in the investor presentation and are also 
mentioned on our websites. I now hand over to Piyush for closing remarks. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thanks, Aaditya. Thank you very much for joining our quarterly call. We 
had a good discussion, and, as I said, during the call, from here on we are 
very hopeful that the margins, EBITDA margins, and indeed the bottom 
line will improve. So, we thank you for your support, and we wish you all 
the very best, and have a great day and a year ahead. 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
