 
 
16 August 2023 
 
 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
 
Subject: 
Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 8 August 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with investors on Tuesday, 8 August 2023 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss 
the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended 30 June 2023. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
VINOD 
MALI
Digitally signed 
by VINOD MALI 
Date: 2023.08.16 
22:50:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
8 August 2023 
 
. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV GANDHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – HESTER BIOSCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHAN JOHN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hester Biosciences Limited Q1 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan John from ICICI Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rohan John: 
Thank you, Seema. So good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Hester 
Biosciences Limited Quarter 1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. So today, we have the 
senior management with us Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, CEO and Managing Director; Ms. Priya 
Gandhi, Executive Director; and Mr. Nikhil Jhanwar, CFO on this call. I thank the 
management for giving ICICI Securities the opportunity to host this call. Over to you, 
sir. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. This is Rajiv Gandhi and as always, it is a pleasure to 
interact with all of you and to present and to discuss the results and even way forward. 
I have -- I shall now hand over the analysis, which would be given by Priya Gandhi, 
Executive Director as well as my daughter. Over to you, Priya. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This is Priya Gandhi, Executive Director at Hester. Thank 
you for joining the call today. I will be talking about the performance of Q1 FY '24. With 
the numbers and information in front of you which got released today, I shall focus on 
the projected part of the performance. 
Our revenues for the quarter went up by 59% on a stand-alone basis and 73% on a 
consolidated basis. The EBITDA grew by 24% on a stand-alone basis and 93% on a 
consolidated basis. Coming to the divisional performances. In Q1 FY '24, the Animal 
Healthcare division has grown by 93%. 
The animal healthcare division is beginning to contribute as much as the poultry 
healthcare division now. So the relevance of around 30% last year, the Animal 
Healthcare division is a 42% contributor to the top line now. This is in line with our 
philosophy to have equal contribution from all the divisions. This division growth can 
be attributed to three reason. 
One, based on the LSD outbreak the Government of India had issued a notification to 
all states to immunize cattle against LSD by administering the goat pox vaccine. As 
already known to you all from earlier mentioned, goat pox vaccine is used to immunize 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
cattle against LSD. Hester's goat pox vaccine was supplied last year and is currently 
being supplied to the states towards this immunization program. 
Second, government of India has also commenced its PPR Disease national 
immunization program in sheep and goat. Hester is the supplier for the PPR vaccine 
under the tender. We have already supplied 18 million doses till 30th June 2023. 
First, the increase pushed by our marketing team to penetrate the market with our 
health products. We now cover most of the country with a motivated sales team of 282 
people. The above three factors have had a major contribution in the annual health 
care division sales growth. 
Moving on to the Poultry Healthcare division. The division has been impacted with a 
growth of 13% in Q1. Sales have been impacted due to lesser placement of chicks due 
to continuous test in the poultry industry in terms of the reduced prices of egg meat 
compared to the increasing product cost. 
While sales have been impacted, incidentally breaking up the sales of this division to 
the vaccine in health products, while the vaccine sales have been impacted, there is a 
growth of the sales in health products by 23% 
We also introduced three new products, two in the categories of therapeutics and 1 
supplement in the sale, whose response has been promising with over 100% of 
achievement against the budget. The increase in sales of the health product also derisk 
us from over-dependency on any one product line. 
Currently, all exports are from poultry healthcare division. The export sales have been 
impacted due to the current geopolitical situation in the African countries where we 
have our focus. Registration delays have added to this degrowth as forecasts have not 
been met. 
Speaking of the Pet Care division, which has now been functional in the front-end 
operations since the last 4 quarters, that is one full year now. In Q1, we made a sales 
of INR80 lakhs. And if I talk about July 2022 to June 2023 operations, since we started 
our operations in July last year, we have crossed INR2.5 crores of sale. The products 
introduced have been well accepted, appreciated, and we are looking to introducing 
more specialized products in this portfolio. 
Apart from the three divisions, the company exported other pharmaceutical products 
making the sale of INR27 crores. With regards to the profitability for the quarter, the 
overall gross profit has reduced by 7% due to a change in the product mix. EBITDA 
has increased by 24% coming from an increase in the overall sales. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Now talking about the way forward, the government of India has commenced the 
immunization program against the PPR. Hester has won the tender and the total supply 
of PPR would be INR30 crores doses by October 2024 in a phased manner. 
Based on the advisory issued by the Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and 
Dairying, the yearly immunization against LSD has also begun to avoid any severe 
outbreak like last year. With this, we shall be supplying the goat pox vaccine for this 
program, along with carrying awareness programs of this to promote immunization and 
also support the overall tracking health by supplementing the vaccination using some 
of our health products. 
The above two programs will further boost our vaccine sales in the in animal healthcare 
division. Moving forward in the animal healthcare division, we aim to grow it further 
and focus on introducing more vaccine as well as health products. 
Talking a little bit about the R&D activities. We are in process of developing four types 
of vaccines. The next stage Brucella vaccine is one of the vaccines under development. 
More details of the R&D vaccine would be shared at a later date. 
On another note, there is a recent regulatory update wherein the government of India 
has banned the use of a specific API called Ketoprofen for animal use. Two of our 
brands at Hester called CuRx and iSumovet contained this particular API. We are now 
in process of redesigning the product contribution keeping the brand on. The newer 
versions of these products will be also out in a couple of months. 
On the capacity expansion initiative, the construction of the bulk antigen, which is the 
drug subsidy as well as fill-finish, which drug product facilities has been completed. The 
drug product facility is preparing for an inspection for the approval, which is already 
done in case of the drug substance facility. Both these facilities together will double our 
overall vaccine manufacturing capacity. 
The BSL-3 Laboratory that was constructed with the help of Department of 
Biotechnology and BIRAC under the Mission COVID Suraksha program in collaboration 
with Gujarat Biotechnology Research Center to produce the drug substance for the 
COVID vaccine received the regulatory approval in Q4 ‘23. However, with COVID-19 
demand gone down completely, we are now in the process of working on other 
vaccines, which requires to be produced in Biosafety level 3, which can be produced 
here in the future. Discussions are on with BIRAC to repurpose our facility, internal 
deliberations are on towards looking at other vaccine opportunities either for human or 
veterinaries. 
Now about our subsidiaries. Hester Nepal did a turnover of INR6.5 crores, primarily 
driven by export. We are now hopeful on receiving the tender orders from FAO as well 
as country specific orders in the coming quarters. We are now seeing a stability in the 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
operations in the Nepal plant, mainly due to the export orders picking up, plus the local 
poultry vaccine demand being met by producing Gumboro. 
Hester Africa has registered sales of INR1.7 crores, mainly through the CBPP vaccine. 
As mentioned earlier, Hester Africa has got licenses to produce PPR, CBPP and LSD for 
ruminants and ND and IBD vaccines for poultry. And in the coming quarters, we shall 
start supplying these vaccines that I just mentioned. 
To end, I would like to say to achieve a greater height one has to redefine many things, 
which is gives an impression of going down a little bit. but that is to consolidate and 
have a subsequent huge sustainable rise. At Hester a lot of changes have been initiated 
towards ensuring Hester reaches INR500 crores in the coming year -- coming two years 
to three years. The current redefining is also further strengthening our foundation for 
a strong future, be true to our company's vision statement, which is building the future 
on the foundation of excellence. 
Thank you all for keeping safe and trust in Hester, its management. All I can say is that 
we will beat all expectations in the long run. Thank you for hearing me out, and I will 
be handing over the call to my father, Mr. Rajiv Gandhi. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you, Priya, for your note on the functioning of the company. All that I would like 
to add to this is while we are all working towards achieving greater sales, greater 
results, there are three key areas which we are very minutely looking at, one is the new 
BSL-3 laboratory which was constructed for the COVID vaccine drug substance, we are 
now repurposing it for another vaccine, may it be human vaccine, may it be animal 
vaccine. So we are very strongly approaching FAO towards the tenders for PPR, which 
could help us at Hester Nepal to achieve our long-term objectives. 
And third, in Hester Africa and the African continent, where currently there is a little bit 
of recessionary condition because of the geopolitical situation, but we are pushing hard, 
and we are pushing fast and we are surely awaiting to see better results from there. 
So that completes our presentation on the functioning of the company. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
 
Shall we begin with the question-and-answer session? 
Priya Gandhi: 
 
Yes, please. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Services. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on good set of numbers. 
And thank you especially for the detailed notes which you have shared with the 
exchange. Sir, my first question is related to the 300 million doses of PPR vaccine, which 
we mentioned in the press release that we completed by October 2022. Sir, in terms of 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
rupees in crores, how much of total value will be? And how much you are expecting to 
do this year and how much will be carried forward to next year? Any ballpark number? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
This is Rajiv Gandhi. The total sales from the PPR vaccine expected from this quarter 
up to the end of supply is, it would be approximately INR35 crores, you can take INR3 
crores a month give and take a little bit plus or minus. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sir, my next question is related to the mentioning of two drugs, which were impacted, 
the sales of which were impacted because of the regulation. How much time it will take 
to work on that? And any ballpark number in terms of loss of revenue? You have 
mentioned about INR50 million we made in FY '23. For this year, if you think what 
would be the loss and how much time will be to redefine the formulation and get it 
running? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
At the moment, there is more loss as what we see, and it will take approximately three 
months' time for us to change the branding. These three months, whatever minor loss 
we might have to incur towards the sale of these products but we are working on it 
fast to try to replace it. So maybe a sale or we might lose a sale of around INR1 crores 
or something. I mean, this is a guess work. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Okay. Sir, one last question related to Tanzania. So we have been working on Tanzania 
since 2017. And I think last year, we started the commercial production. Sir any -- and 
I didn't find any detail on the press release that we have released. So if you can just 
share some more outlook as to how do you see this picking up over the next one year, 
two years? Qualitatively also quantitatively, if you can, that would really help us. Thank 
you. That was my next question. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So in Africa, we have already launched six products, and we are now looking at the 
sales from these six products, we have even started exports. First export being to 
Botswana. And the registration process, see, there are many issues which -- what we 
had perceived at that time as to what it is now. There are -- I mean, two of them which 
I would like to highlight. One is the tendering or the requirement from all the countries 
are through the government tenders. That has, at the moment, taken a little bit of a 
hit because of the economical crisis going around dollar, no funds available to the 
country, rather not available, etcetera, those things. 
And secondly, Africa is going through a transition in the regulatory registration regime. 
That also has been going a little bit slow. So you got the two hurdles. 
Your next question was to quantify. It's very difficult for me or for us to give a 
quantification on this because technically, all this should have happened and we should 
have been sailing by now. Seeing that it will not happen, give us around six months to 
eight months' time. I think so things should be back on track, a country cannot survive 
without vaccinating their animals. Now that they know that there are vaccines available, 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
which weren't available earlier. Even the private sector, which at one time was not there 
at all. In fact, now we get inquiry from private distributors, from poultry farmers, from 
cattle owners, small. So it is evolving market, and we are working on it. It would be 
inappropriate for me to give an exact quantification of sales. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
That was really helpful. Just one follow-up. Is it right to assume then that -- if it is so 
difficult to start the production and make it running over here in Africa, since we have 
spent a lot of time and effort and also some money and actually a lot of money. We 
would be in an advantageous position once this pick-up because probably we'll be 
having how much -- there will be less competitive intensity over there because of the 
conditions around us in Africa? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, it will be absolutely right. One, there is no competition. Two, we are the biggest 
animal vaccine plant in the continent of Africa, the biggest pharmaceutical investor in 
the country of Tanzania. Of course, being big does not make us get business 
automatically but the opportunities are there. Therefore, we have done this. The Bill 
and Melinda Gates Foundation also saw this as an opportunity to ensure that animals 
are in good health by proper immunization program, everything had been based on 
certain presumptions, those presumptions have to fall right. It is just that for delay of 
those things falling right? There is nothing else, there is no fear there is no 
apprehension, neither is there a regret. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Yogansh from Mittal 
Analytics. Please go ahead, sir. 
Yogansh: 
A couple of questions. One of the line items that we had mentioned this quarter is 
Pharma products was around INR26 crores. Sir, is it fair to assume that this is more of 
a trading business and might not be repeatable in coming quarters? And probably this 
is the one which has brought our gross margin as well? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
You have understood it absolutely right. Therefore, we have not even included in the 
animal health care and the poultry health care. For sheer transparency, we have shown 
it separately. This is an order which -- yes, we have no commitment for any future such 
orders. We believe it will happen. But on documentation basis, this could be taken as a 
one of its kind. Therefore, we have shown it separately. And these products and being 
such a quantity, it has to be sold at competitive prices, and that definitely has impacted 
our bottom line. In fact, if we minus that business and then look at our bottom line, it 
is much more healthier. 
Yogansh: 
Got it, sir. Sir, secondly, I think last con call, you were mentioning about the government 
focus shifting from PPR to lumpy skin disease because as given on lumpy skin disease 
was a bigger problem which has to be taken care of. While now in today's opening 
remarks you mentioned that PPR and LSD both are being taken up by the government. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
So, currently, as we stand today, how is the situation in the Indian scenario, if you 
could talk a little more about it sir? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Sorry, your question is, what is the current situation in terms of immunization or our 
supply. 
Yogansh: 
No, sir immunization for both PPR and LSD, what kind of order inflows are we expecting 
going forward because last quarter I think you shared that because of focus on LSD, 
PPR orders are getting delayed. But today I think from what we see, we see some 
positivity around. So, if you could talk a little more about it? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Last year during the same period, we had a capacity constraint and as we are building 
it and as our capacity is more or less increasing and it is -- we are able to produce more 
as well as now we are able to even plan. Last year, LSD came as a very -- as a surprise. 
This year, we knew that LSD is going to be taken by the government.  
We knew PPR is going to be taken by the government. So, we have planned everything 
and we are in a position to honor the full demand of both PPR as well as goat pox for 
LSD. We do not see any capacity constraint, any production constraint at all.  
Yogansh: 
LSD, if we understand that actually it is a repeatable business. It's not something that 
it will come up once in a while, but now, going forward, it would be something which 
becomes a part of a treatment [inaudible 0:22:05]? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Once in a year immunization is required against LSD.  
Yogansh: 
So in Indian context, how big is the LSD potential?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
If you would have followed the government of India, our Honorable Finance Minister 
Ms. Nirmala Sitharaman had tweeted that the government has vaccinated 9 crores 
cattle against for the production of LSD, lumpy skin disease vaccine. So, 9 crores doses 
of goat pox vaccine were used in the last year's immunization campaign. So you can 
extrapolate it from that.  
Yogansh: 
Understood sir. Sir, next on the poultry side, we have been seeing a lot of pressure for 
last many quarters now. And I think last quarter also you were saying that this is the 
worst that you have seen and probably the worst that we expect. So, now are we seeing 
any signs of improvement in Q2 almost a month has already passed. So, are there any 
green shoots of improvements on the poultry side or do you still see some pain for next 
one quarter or two quarters as we see?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Our trade business in poultry has already taken a little bit of an upturn. It is lesser than 
what we would have expected, but nonetheless there is an upward trend and we have 
reasons to believe that, I mean, I would have probably said that in the earlier quarters 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
also that now it will go up, now it will go up, but I think how long or how much time 
can it just go on lower.  
In fact, if I just have the figures in front of me while I was talking, our CFO has just 
given the figures. There is an increase in the vaccine sales by 8%, and our health 
products 23% in the trade. So, therefore, we definitely see that this is now going 
upward.  
Yogansh: 
Well, that's good, too, and very reassuring to hear, sir. Sir, last question, and then I'll 
join back the queue. So, on the BSL-3 facility that we want to repurpose and we are 
working on for all these approvals and all, so what is the kind of spend that we will 
have to do to reshape this plant?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The spend would be nominal, depends upon what we choose to do, it will be a nominal 
spend. It can't be just more than a couple of crores or something, I mean, we have the 
full thing, everything is ready, absolutely ready. When I'm saying a couple of crores, 
something or the other is always going to be different from vaccine A to vaccine B to 
vaccine C.  
So, I am making a presumption, it could happen that we might not even spent INR50 
lakh for all. And our objective – our objective to utilize this infrastructure the way it is 
for another vaccine. We are not looking at any other product wherein again we have 
to put any capital capex in the whole thing.  
Yogansh: 
Makes sense. Sir, just one question I skipped. So, in the opening remarks, ma'am 
mentioned that we are working on four new vaccines of next generation. So, if you 
could just talk a little more about it, what kind of vaccines these are and again, are 
these all four in the annual segment, or is there something in poultry segment as well 
and again, the markets, are we for Indian markets or the export markets?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So, if you would have followed our last press notes, as well as our calls, we have already 
said that we are and even in this note we have mentioned that we are working on the 
next generation Brucella vaccine. We have acquired technology from IVRI, Classical 
Swine Fever, sheep goat vaccine, sheep pox sorry.  
We are also bought technology for the lumpy skin disease vaccine. We are talking to 
Indian Veterinary Research Institute to develop a PPR and goat pox combined vaccine. 
We have taken the technology for the Avian influenza vaccine in poultry. So, these are 
a few projects which has already been declared and already we are working on it. And 
apart from that, there are two projects which we would want two or three, which we 
will mention at an appropriate time rather than talk about it today.  
Yogansh: 
Fair enough sir. Thank you, sir. I will get back in the queue. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter 
Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead, sir.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand our other segment. Most of our profits have come from 
there in this quarter. So, it is mentioned that we are selling some pharma products. So, 
is this a re-occurring business or is this a one-time business?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
As already mentioned, there are chances that it would continue to reoccur. But as we 
yet do not have the trend, we have put it in others. So, for all practical purposes, let's 
presume that this is a one-time thing.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. And also sir if you could quantify that the lumpy skin disease, 5 crores to 6 
crores doses over the next three quarters, what revenue it will translate into and 
similarly for the 30- crores doses of PPR vaccine after the 24, what revenue should that 
translate into?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
See, PPR vaccine as well as the goat pox vaccine, both are tendered and it is public 
information as far as the prices are concerned. The lumpy skin disease immunization is 
done via the goat pox vaccine where the tendered price is INR5 and in PPR the tendered 
price is a little less than INR1.50 paisa per dose. 30 crores doses translates to 45 crores. 
5 lakh to 8 lakh doses of lumpy skin translate to anything between 30 crores to 45 
crores.  
Keshav Garg: 
And sir what kind of operating margins should we expect on this?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think that's too much of a little in-depth question. It's very difficult to talk on the 
phone on vaccine-to-vaccine on operating costs and specific margins, etcetera. They 
are well in line with our normal profitability, not that they have been, it's something 
which is going to erode our profitability.  
Keshav Garg: 
And sir lastly sir, what is the capex that is remaining to be incurred on all the projects 
on a consolidated basis?  
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yeah I think let our CFO answer.  
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
So on the existing projects, we don't expect significant expenditure yet to be incurred. 
Majority portion has already been done and we are just into the regulatory approval 
process going on right now for those. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Unless we come up with some new project, which might need any more finances, we 
are well covered for the moment for the current project. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, the four new vaccines that you mentioned that are under development, so our 
COVID facility, which now we are repurposing for animal and human vaccines, so those 
four new vaccines can be basically mass produced in that COVID facility? 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Those vaccines have nothing to do with the BSL. Now we no more call it the COVID 
vaccine facility. We call it the BSL 3 facility. Those vaccines have nothing to do with the 
BSL 3 facility. All would be produced in our current production areas, would be tested 
in the current quality control area. And so that is part of the ongoing business and part 
of the already created infrastructure. 
Keshav Garg: 
 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
 
Thank you. Any more questions? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. We take the next question from the line of Rehaan from Sicomoro Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Rehaan: 
Hi, good afternoon. So my question is related to the segments results. The consolidated 
segment results for animal and poultry seem to have come off a little in terms of margin, 
where poultry and animal margins are at about 8% compared to higher in previous 
quarters. So I just wanted to understand, what is happening there and what is the way 
forward in this aspect? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
 
Just a minute, I'll have our CFO answer. 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
So in case of animal healthcare division, our margins have been improved. That 
primarily is the increase in the vaccine sales of GPV and PPR during the quarter. So that 
gives us the better margin percentages in this segment. And poultry healthcare, there 
has been a reduction. Primarily, there was a negative or the reduction in the vaccine 
sales during this quarter on an overall basis. But with that, we had an increase in the 
health product sales. So that explains the movement in the margins. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would like to add to it, vaccines are more profitable than health products as far as 
product range is concerned. So that's where, we are. 
Rehaan: 
Okay, so and how do we see this mix going forward, say for poultry, or do we see 
vaccines increasing as a percentage? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We, our vaccine business will increase from the current level to a higher percentage 
but for any company to become big to touch INR500 crores, INR800 crores, INR1000 
crores ultimately, it will have to sell more of health products because that is the bigger 
market than the vaccine market in terms of rupee value. 
Rehaan: 
Got it, sir. Okay. Just my last question with regards to expenses. With a rise in employee 
and other expenses on a consolidated level. So how do we see these going forward? 
Are these the normalized levels now? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We have added more people, and we have now to see the performance of these people 
and get to results from them. At the moment, we have reached a level, where we would 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
not be hiring more people on the marketing side. We have reached an optimal level 
that we would want over here, and we will take it further. 
In Africa, once the sales start showing a little bit, we will definitely employ more people 
over there and we would like to take and push the sales over there. 
Rehaan: 
 
 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
And one more thing, I would like to tell you with regards to your last question. I 
mentioned that, animal health products sales are always higher in the big companies 
than that of a vaccine sales. But at the same time, the return on investment is higher 
in the animal health product because the asset to turnover ratio is much more on the 
nicer side on the animal health product. 
Rehaan: 
 
 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So we should not presume that, once we start focusing on animal health, our 
profitability will continuously be going down. As we consolidate, that business will be 
addressed, a higher, the same turnover at a lesser investment. So, in a way, that would 
balance off. 
Rehaan: 
 
 
Sure. Thank you. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Viraj Mahadevia, Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Hi, Rajiv bhai. Hope you're well. Quick question. The whole point of this Africa 
expansion with the backing of the Bill Gates Foundation was that, funding would be 
readily available to purchase these vaccines. Unlike the FAO where, it's been false 
starts, lots of promises, but nothing has taken off. So why isn't Africa moving ahead? 
If funding is available, the facilities are ready, the capability is there, where is the car 
stuck? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, Viraj, we would have spoken many times in the past, of course, even one to one 
and on the phone. The funding that we got was for creating the asset. The Gates 
Foundation indirectly works in all the countries to push towards creating demand for 
this. There is no directly, you take $2 and buy this vaccine. No, it is their indirect way 
of working in the countries and then trying to create the demand. But they definitely 
have a confidence that, there is a high demand and there will be high demand because 
that is the reason for which they have funded us. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Understood, Rajiv bhai. But I thought, isn't there an offtake, an agreement on pricing 
also by the Gates Foundation? 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No. I remember, Viraj, you and me even speaking on this issue. There is no commitment 
given on, they are not underwriting any sales. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
 
Right. Okay. Understood. So, it's a market creation game, which will take its 
time. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Absolutely, it will take its time. But at the same time, I don't mean that, we are looking 
at an evolution of the next generation or something of that sort. It is a process that is 
happening. All this would have happened much more faster, had COVID not been there. 
It would have happened much more faster if the current political situation, the dollar 
strengthening; the country is not having dollars. 
So all these variables were put to work and therefore this current situation, we are 
waiting to come out of it, we will come out of it and things will happen and things will 
go on. To a simple thing, Botswana, they have even ordered vaccines for there. There 
are so many of these products, we have shown in other fields. That has also happened. 
So there is movement. It's not that there is no movement. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Understood. And last question, Rajiv bhai, the Africa sales are denominated in US 
dollars because these currencies have faced huge devaluation. And are you selling in 
USD or INR or something that protects you on the currency front? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Point number one, from Tanzania, we invoice in US dollars and we have a dollar account 
over there. In local Tanzania, we sell in the local currency and now India and Tanzania 
have gotten into a rupee trade agreement. So anything that we sell from here, we could 
even sell it in rupees to Tanzania. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
That's probably the best, right, Rajiv bhai? Because it protects you from the currency 
fluctuation? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, it's absolutely good. Accumulating rupees is definitely the order of the day. And 
the way the world is moving, the way India is placed, ultimately you and me will even 
talk on spending rupees in the US. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
 
True. So, when you sell to other African countries, how do you sell? In what 
currency? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
 
Dollar. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
 
Outside, it's all USD. Okay. So, as long as you are between USD and INR, 
you're fine? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
 
USD and INR and locally Tanzanian shillings. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited
 
8 August 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Understood. And any update from our FAO friends? I mean now it's almost like calling 
out wolf, wolf and no one believes it anymore. This has been going on for five years? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, you mentioned FAO friends, they continue to be our very, very close friends, but 
the tendering business is yet to pick up. And Nepal, but yes, Priya is just prompting me, 
we have already done a business of around INR6 crores from Nepal, so there has been 
a little bit of a pickup. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
But are they funded? Or is it still a challenge of getting funding at their end and 
consequently not placing orders? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
They are facing probably challenges for funding. Not that they have told me, not that 
FAO has mentioned anything. But what we read in the papers, what the current 
situation is, it's simple logic that today every country is really just trying to keep their 
nose above water. So, naturally such funding and all always takes a little bit of a 
backseat.  
Viraj Mahadevia: 
 
True. All the best. I hope the years ahead are better. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
 
Oh, thank you very much. You have always been a good, well-wisher. 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
On behalf of Hester Biosciences, I, Rajiv Gandhi, thank all of you for patiently hearing 
us out. And all that I can say is that, we are working hard. Keep the faith in us, as you 
have always kept, not that there is any decrease in faith as what we see. There is a lot 
of faith and keep up that faith and we will keep working hard and we will work hard for 
the company to prosper more and commit to even contribute to our nation's growth 
plan. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
