 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,                                                                                                           Date: 25-May-2023 
 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543270) 
The Manager, 
NSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(NSE Symbol: MTARTECH) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements Regulations, 
2015) -Transcript of Earnings call held on 18th May 2023.  
 
Unit: MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call 
conducted on Thursday May 18, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company i.e. 
www.mtar.in  You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shubham Sunil Bagadia 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Shubham 
Sunil 
Bagadia
Digitally signed by 
Shubham Sunil 
Bagadia 
Date: 2023.05.25 
13:17:02 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“MTAR Technologies Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVAS REDDY – MD & PROMOTER, MTAR 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. GUNNESWARA RAO PUSARLA – CFO, MTAR 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SRILEKHA JASTHI – SENIOR MANAGER 
STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS, MTAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS 
 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the MTAR Technologies Limited Q4 & FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to all the participants on Q4 & FY23 Financial Discussion Call. 
Today, on the call, we have Mr. Srinivas Reddy sir – Managing Director and Promoter; Mr. 
Gunneswara Rao sir – CFO and Ms. Srilekha Jasthi – Senior Manager (Strategy and Operations). 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through our Investor Deck and press release that we 
have uploaded on exchanges and on Company’s website. 
I would like to give a short disclaimer before we start the call. This call may contain some of the 
forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our belief, opinion and 
expectation as of today. These statements are not guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I hand over the call to M.D. sir. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you, Irfan. Good afternoon to everyone. I would like to thank all of you to spare a valuable 
time to participate in Q4 2023 Earnings Conference Call. 
I am joined by Mr. Gunneswara Rao – Chief Financial Officer; Ms. Srilekha Jasthi – Senior 
Manager, Strategy and Operations and Irfan from Orient Capital, our Investor Relations partners. 
We have uploaded the Investor Presentation in stock exchanges and I hope all of you have gone 
through the same. 
At this point of time, I would like to mention a little bit more on the market guidance given by 
us in terms of revenues and margins what we had said earlier. In terms of revenue, initially we 
had given guidance of 55% to 60% and during the Q3 earnings call, we have revised our 
guidance to 75% to 80%. We have achieved revenues of Rs.573.8 crores in FY23 as against 
Rs.322 crores in FY22, which is 78.2% increase and we have delivered the guidance revenue 
number as mentioned. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
For FY24, we continue to confirm the annual revenue guidance of 45% to 50% increase in 
revenues on year-on-year basis. 
When it comes to EBITDA margin, we had initially given a guidance of 30% plus/minus 100 
basis points and revised the EBITDA margins during the earnings call of Q3 2023 to 29% 
plus/minus 50 basis points. We have ended the year with EBITDA margin of close to 27% 
instead of the guidance given at 28.5% which is on the lower side by 1.5%. 
I owe the shareholders clear explanation regarding the lower EBITDA margins compared to the 
guidance given. One is the gross margins in Q4 has come down to 48.6% due to sales mix or 
you can say the product mix as clean energy reported much higher growth compared to the other 
segments. As we all know, clean energy gross margins are lower than the other segments. But 
this cannot be the reason because the operating leverage should maintain our EBITDA in Q4, 
which did not happen and initially the annual guidance margin was down by 150 basis points as 
Q4 recorded 25% EBITDA margins. 
The impact was purely because of employee benefit expenses, which have increased by Rs.10 
crores quarter-on-quarter basis, because we had to implement market corrections and salaries 
across the board for high skilled workers and our core engineering team and our management 
team during the quarter and the same was in line with withothers Industries. This had impact of 
about 5% in EBITDA margins in Q4. If not the margins could be 30% in Q4 and eventually we 
would have realized that 28.5% EBITDA margins for the year. 
The strength of MTAR is high field employees on the shop floor, the core engineering team and 
the management team and this has been done keeping in mind the high growth prospects of the 
company moving forward, which we are really excited about. And I strongly believe that this 
one-time benefit will lead to a strong foundation for a growth company like MTAR the way we 
are looking at this point of time. 
So, in spite of the above, the overall employee and other expenses dropped in percentage terms 
from last year to this year by 540 basis points and 410 basis points respectively which now stands 
at 15.8 and 7.7, respectively. 
Moving forward, over the next two years, the employee benefit expenses will fall below a single 
digit percentage in comparison to sales. The above move did impact PAT which should have 
been at 110 crores which is now close to 104 crores. 
Finally, I would like to inform all the shareholders that this decision would lead to much better 
performance moving forward, and the team has the passion, but it was high time to pass on this 
benefit to support the passionate team which was done without the team asking for it. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
We would like to confirm that our annual EBITDA margins for FY24 would be around 28% I 
would say with a few basis points here and there. The steps which are very critical at this juncture 
is reduction in cost in terms of supply chain activities. Obviously, the employee benefit expenses 
as a % of revenue would drop, and also the reduction in other expenses that we are looking at, 
and a substantial increase that we are envisaging in the current year in terms of product sales, 
which will be more than Rs.120 crores which is a massive jump compared to the previous year. 
When we look at our order book, we have given a revised guidance in Q3 earnings call for Rs. 
1,200 crores of closing order book and we have ended with Rs.1,173 crores, which is very close 
to the yearend order book guidance given earlier. 
Based on the orders expected and execution of existing and new orders during the financial year, 
we are expecting the order book to be at Rs. 1,500 crores by end of the current financial year 
FY24. We're not only expecting those orders from clean energy segment in fuel cells, hydel and 
waste to energy, wind sector as well. As we have done enough first articles during the past one 
year and also in the aerospace sector we have already started working with reputed MNCs, 
especially we also received a authorization to proceed (ATP) from GKN Aerospace in aerospace 
sector for close to a $10 million. The expected order inflows should be around Rs. 1,200 crores 
in all segments put together in the current financial year which is very encouraging for us. And 
a lot of effort has been put in, not only in terms of achieving the revenue guidance, but also in 
creating a great platform for the future years during the last financial year. 
Specific to nuclear energy. I do understand there has been a slight pushback in terms of orders 
being received from NPCIL. But they have taken a decision to first experiment on Kaiga 5 and 
6 reactors to be given to major companies like L&T, Tata, etc., and the tenders have been floated 
for them to build the reactors in exactly four years’ time. But the fleet reactors tenders will 
continue to flow in. But these two reactors, they wanted to ensure that they are done in exactly 
four years and adhere to take into 10 years. 
The tender has been issued, but MTAR has exclusive capabilities in 14 such packages which is 
mentioned clearly in the tender as a qualified company and for these packages we are expecting 
close to at least about Rs.600 crores of orders flowing in the current financial year, and we have 
estimated on a conservative basis about Rs.500 crores finally, that would come in during this 
year and probably the rest would come in the next financial year, specific to Kaiga 5 and 6 I'm 
talking about. 
And obviously the orders from the other segments, which we are very comfortable with in terms 
of aerospace, clean energy, space and defense. So, I said these two reactors have to be 
commissioned exactly in four years as mentioned by the CMD of NPCIL on a one-to-one 
meeting with him as well. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
So, as I mentioned earlier, the rest of the fleet reactors will follow in the normal mode of 
operations as the case may be in the past. 
The next important point which I would like to mention is on NWC. We have guided working 
capital days to be at 220 days and we have been able to achieve 230 days, down from 287 days 
in the last quarter, and we are making every effort to bring it down. And this number would 
come down further this year and we are targeting between 180 to 200 days by end of this year. 
And here again, we were forced to airlift lot of inconel sheets last year. So, we had staggered 
shipments done by sea close to about Rs.70 crores of inventory which is in transit but staggered 
over a period of time. But, we also do have credit terms with the various suppliers. This we had 
to do in order to avoid the air freight charges which were phenomenal. So, obviously this 
inventory, which we are talking about Rs.70-80 crores will get consumed over the quarters 
should not be an issue for the company. And that's how we'll further bring down the inventory 
levels quarter-on-quarter basis to improve our working capital days moving forward as well. 
The ROC stands at 20% in FY23 as against14% in FY22, and the ROE in FY23 stands at 18% 
as against 12% in FY22, and these percentages are expected to even improve further by end of 
FY24 as well. 
Apart from the guidance numbers which I have given, we are in advanced stage to enter into an 
agreement with Fluence Energy for the energy storage systems which again comes under clean 
energy for both domestic and export markets. So, over the next three years, as we ramp up 
gradually starting from FY25 onwards, we are looking at revenues even touching at a level of 
about Rs.400 crores by end of the third year starting from FY25. And also we are entering into 
various agreements or received orders from companies like Voith, GE Renewable, Andritz, and 
there is another company which is really looking at us in terms of wind energy requirements. 
So, our fabrication unit which will be fully commissioned by June '23, will be able to cater to all 
these requirements but for Fluence Energy, we have to establish a separate facility for them, 
which we have the existing facility can be used for the domestic, but we're looking at a huge 
revenue base. So, we would like to look at a separate kind of facility to cater to Fluence Energy 
at this point of time. 
The most exciting issue is that the bloom energy electrolyzers have been installed recently, as 
probably all of you must have heard and was done very successfully. The project what they have 
undertaken was completed exactly two months in delivering an equivalent of over 2.2 MTPD of 
hydrogen output, which is a great stride in terms of production of green hydrogen. 
So, what it means to MTAR is we have been manufacturing the electrolyzers for them and as I 
said systems are established and proven in the market with high efficiencies, which they have 
proven. We are looking at this vertical to ramp up very quickly hopefully by end of this calendar 
year and then this vertical would be as strong as any other vertical that we have today. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
So, we have a very clear bigger picture, which I would like to mention for the first time is that 
we have a very clear road map for MTAR over the next five years to be a Rs. 3000 crores 
company only through organic growth within its own innovations and manufacturing activity. 
So, finally, I would say that we have a clear roadmap for MTAR to be a Rs.3000crore plus 
revenue-based company over the next five years by FY28 sustaining its margins through 
innovation and efficiencies entirely in an organic manner without considering any kind of JVs 
or inorganic growth as the road map is concerned. And we continue to work towards improving 
our margins and also trying to expand our customer base, which we have been doing, which is 
very evident in which I have mentioned about various customers that we are working with. And 
this will continue to be our endeavor to have a widespread of customers over the next five years 
in order to ensure that the exposure within each customer is within certain limitations. 
Thank you so much. And I would like now to hand over the call to the CFO – Mr. Gunneswara 
Rao, who will take you through in detail about the financials in more detail than what I have 
said.  
Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
Thank you, Mr. Srinivas Reddy. Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to our earnings 
call. And first and foremost, I would like to express my gratitude for your continued trust and 
support. 
I will take you through the financial highlights post which we will open the floor for questions 
and answers. We successfully achieved our revenue guidance with a significant increase in 
revenues; in FY23, our revenue reached Rs.573.8 crores, representing a growth of 78.2% 
compared to Rs.322 crores in FY22. 
So, our EBITDA also showed a substantial improvement in absolute terms reaching Rs.154 
crores in FY23, a 63.1% increase from Rs.94.4 crores in FY22 with a margin of approximately 
27%. Though Mr. M.D. Srinivas Reddy explained reasons for the margin decline, in absolute 
terms, we maintained a margin of Rs.154 crores as far as the initial guidance is concerned. Like 
FY22 of Rs.322 crores revenue with a 60% initial guidance at a 30% EBITDA will give us 
Rs.154 crores of EBITDA. So, same EBITDA we maintain even after the reduction of the margin 
percentage, but absolute terms we maintained Rs.154 crores as promised initially. Profit before 
tax at Rs.140 crores in FY23, reflecting a growth of 70.6% from Rs.82.2 crores in FY22. 
Similarly, profit after tax increased by 69.9%, reaching Rs.103.4 crores in FY23 compared to 
Rs.60.9 crore in FY22. In terms of earning per share, our diluted EPS for FY23 stood at Rs.33.62, 
a notable improvement from Rs.19.79 in FY22. 
We have reduced our net working capital days to 230 days in line with our target of 220 days by 
end of the FY23. Out of these 230 days, 92 days are related to work-in progress. So, we aim to 
further decrease our net working capital days less than 200 days by end of the FY24 through 
increased turnover, inventory reduction, shorter shipment days and change in our product mix. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Our return on capital employed improved to 20% in FY23 compared to 14% in FY22. While 
return on equity increased to 18% in FY23 from 12% in FY22, we anticipate further 
enhancement in our returns and ratios through an increased wallet share with existing customers, 
operating leverage in our product portfolio and revenue ramp up. 
We understand the importance of reasonable business practices and sustainable development. 
Our commitment to corporate social responsibility remains unwavering as we strive to positively 
impact the communities with which we operate. 
I also would like to mention that we have strengthened our management team by welcoming Mr. 
Raja Sheker Bollampalli as our new COO. Under his guidance, we expect to optimize our 
operational efficiencies to cater to the accelerated growth. 
With that, I open the floor for discussion and welcome any questions you may have. Thank you, 
all. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Deepak Krishnan from Macquerie. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
My first question is largely on your orders inflow guidance. You're indicating Rs. 1,200 crores 
order inflow this quarter and about Rs.500 crores coming from nuclear. So, how much would be 
Bloom order inflow in the coming year because last year we did closer to Rs.800 crores. What 
is the outlook in terms of hot boxes say for FY24 and then FY25, any comments on that that you 
can share? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The order inflow for this year, which I said is about Rs. 1,200 crores are primarily during the 
entire financial year. That's how we'll end up with Rs. 1,500 crores, which was the estimate is. 
It's primarily which I said for Kaiga 5 and 6 we're expecting at least about Rs.500 crores of 
orders coming in for sure this year, which had a detailed discussion with the CMD of NPCIL as 
well on the strategy what they're adopting right now, and also from the other fleet reactors that 
we're expecting. And I do understand there was a little bit push back on the order inflow, but 
now time has come where clarity is very clear right now in terms of getting these orders through. 
And obviously the inflows from clean energy segment are not only from Bloom, but we are 
going to get substantial inflows from various companies where we have done first articles with 
Voith, Andritz, GE Renewable and new companies are joining us in terms of Siemens Gamesa 
and Enercon, etc., And also, strengthening our aerospace vertical, we already received a letter 
of intent of $10 million from GKN Aerospace, which we're expecting that to be converted to 
orders during this quarter or beginning of next quarter. So, overall it's a very nice mix of spread 
of orders coming in. I have mentioned a conservative number at this point of time, but would 
expect a lot more orders flowing in, but this would be the bare minimum that we are expecting 
and we should stick to this. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Can you just comment on Bloom hot boxes shipments for next year? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
As of now, so basically we continue to do the hot boxes at the rate what we have done. We have 
done the highest number of boxes in the last financial year; I think close to about 4,500 boxes. 
And we will continue to do that, but they are looking at increasing that number, but we have not 
yet received the confirmation as of now, but we will hear from them by end of this quarter. There 
are some major design changes which are happening in Keeylocko, which that order is still on, 
which we have to execute. We still have to hear from them officially in terms of what they're 
going to do in terms of design changes, so that's about 1,600 units we're looking at. But that's 
something Bloom has to get back to us because they're looking at much higher power generation 
in change of design or what they want to do with it we'll know by end of this quarter. So, that 
would be the same number what I have given in the last call as well. And what we are really 
excited about is the electrolyzers which now since they've installed it and proven the hydrogen 
output with very good efficiencies and we have supplied all the electrolyzers to them. So, 
whatever we are going to do this year, we have an order for 142 numbers. But that's only batch 
production, but we can see some kind of volume production kicking in probably two quarters 
down the line. So, that's where we stand right now. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Just a question on gross margin. Anything that sort of more one-off in nature that goes off or any 
cost that is building for future revenue, anything that can take the gross margin back to say 50%, 
52% or would we think that say for a full year basis we are in this 48% next year? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Not really, Deepak. The guidance what I've given is I have not even taken revenue guidance; I 
have not even taken Keeylocko into picture right now because there are some design changes 
going on there. So, if you look at that kind of revenue guidance I have given, basically the 
absolute numbers of other segments are substantially growing up in the current financial year. 
So, the gross margins would kick in back to about 52%, 53% moving forward as well. So, that 
should not be an issue at all. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
How are we looking at inventory days where we've done a substantial about 20 days 
improvement in receivables, largely inventory days and payable days have sort of gone up. So, 
what measures are we taking to get the inventory days back to closer to the 190-odd days in 
FY22? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, probably GR will be able to explain that in more detail, but we have put a specific task to 
reduce the inventory levels. Obviously, I've explained about the inconel sheets what we have 
done, and that's something which is stock in transit and also it is not due as of now. So, it will 
get consumed over the period of a couple of quarters. But overall we are looking at very seriously 
about getting our inventory levels down as much as possible, because we are working on various 
product mixes. To begin with, with new products being introduced, so over the next two, three 
quarters, we would obviously try to bring them down more and more. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
Actually the inventory of after Rs.240 crores, Rs.72 crores is a stock in transit, which we may 
receive after 60 days to 75 days of time. So, that is the reason there is inventory and also payables 
both are there. Second, as M.D. said, these inventories we will use because last time we have 
airlifted so much of material and the cost is very high. So, we are taking a calculated risk and 
keeping our inventory carrying cost into consideration. I think by end of this financial year, we 
will try and maintain less than 200 days of working capital. And also this inventory having some 
of the long lead items for which we are working with a nuclear project, we got FMBC, FTS 
Systems, around 25% of the inventory related to that, and around 25% is stock in transit, 
remaining is the export related inventory which we will consume in four months or three months’ 
time. And now that we got some clarity, slowly supply chain issues are relaxing. So, largely 
when we plan the inventory, we have to see what is a transit times and all. So, accordingly we 
will plan our inventory days. Suppose sometimes what happen, you may receive in 15 days, 20 
days before because of the availability of shipping lines and other things. So, these are all the 
various factors are there. So, we have to balance all those things. But definitely having said that, 
we are actually working on it; now we are continuously monitoring on receivables, increasing 
credit period with major suppliers. So, lot of actions we are taking and we will try and reduce as 
much as possible by end of this financial year. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
So, the WIP days have been closer to 90 days for a lot of time. Do you think it's largely coming 
from there or will it come from other than WIP with that number? 
Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
No, no, WIP is a separate number which is around 92 days’ inventory is there and the maximum 
in that 80% is the domestic where long lead projects inventory, so which is actually good for the 
company because it is going to crystallize revenue in this FY24 onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
So, my first question to you is, you did mention that many materials especially the inconel sheets 
required for exports and other business have to be enlisted, which also impacted gross margins. 
So, can you throw some input in terms of why the urgency of airlifting, were their issues in terms 
of your normal conventional shipment, which was coming through because through the year we 
were maintaining relatively elevated inventory levels, so why the last-minute emergency to 
airlift in and take a hit on the cost as well? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
There are a couple of issues, somewhere really unforeseen. One is that we import inconel sheets 
from Germany as well from VDM. They had a cyberattack and there was an issue with them. 
So, we had issues with them in terms of dispatches. There are different sizes of inconel sheets. 
So, there was some kind of an imbalance. So, in terms of imbalance, US company were delaying 
because their input raw material got delayed in United States and which was not anticipated. So, 
we had to airlift to balance to make sure our production lines are not down. These are the factors. 
So, subsequent to that, it got eased out and they had enough material on hand. Especially for 
inconel sheets, air freight is very expensive. So, we absorbed the cost last year and now we are 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
in a pretty comfortable position in terms of the supply chain in terms of inconel sheets which 
GR has explained about having it in transit and staggered, which will come in useful for the next 
two quarters without airlifting any material. So, we had to spend enough money on that last year 
to absorb the cost. 
Renu Baid: 
Can you help us quantify in terms of fourth quarter gross profit or what was the impact on raw 
material to sales because of this thing? And also, will the cost escalation because of the global 
vendors will be passed on to Bloom or we will have to bear the cost increase? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, no, we don't have to bear any cost. If there is any increase in the raw material cost, every 
quarter it is reviewed and it is addressed accordingly, so we don't have to do that at all. In fact, 
there are a lot of design changes happening in Yuma as well, for example, we are using three 
borrow the parts for Yuma which is about $750 which we import. Now they bought it down to 
two with some design changes which we work along with them. And similarly any cost 
escalation is obviously addressed at the end of each quarter and PO is amended accordingly. So, 
we are not affected because of the increase in cost. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amar Maurya from AlfAccurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amar Maurya: 
Just to again continue with this gross margin, like sir, was that high-cost inventory impacted the 
fourth quarter margin? If yes, what was the quantum of that high-cost inventory which got baked 
into the fourth quarter margin? 
Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
The gross margin drop alone we should not see here just because the gross margin is good. It 
doesn't mean that the EBITDA will improve suppose say, today we are at 46%. So, if it is 58% 
EBITDA will not increase. So, there are some products like exports, for example, where the bill 
of material is 60%, we have a gross margin at 40%, whereas the value addition requirement is 
very low. In case of domestic projects, gross margin is higher and value addition is higher. So, 
in our company, since we are in various segments, the gross margin alone is not required to be 
seen. The EBITDA decrease is not, as our M.D. said, it is not just because of the domestic sale 
and because of export. There is a one-time correction in salaries we have done in line with the 
market benchmarking to our employees where our fixed cost is impacted. That is the reason for 
the lower EBITDA margin, not because of the gross margin lower and all. If the gross margin is 
lower and value addition will be higher in the domestic projects and vice versa for the export 
products. 
Amar Maurya: 
I'm confused. Basically what I'm trying to understand, your gross margin has gone down by 400 
basis points, your EBITDA has gone down by 300 basis points. I'm talking about sequential Q3 
to Q4, basically what I'm trying to understand is 48% gross margin, which we had reported in 
this quarter, is there some one-time RM impact into this and are you saying that from Q1 again 
the gross margin will bounce back to 52%, that is what I'm trying to understand? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Basically in Q4, our product mix was more towards the exports than domestic where the gross 
margin is lower in exports, but the operating leverage eventually as I explained to you, if not for 
the employee benefit expenses, we could have maintained EBITDA margins, right. As I said 
earlier, moving forward, our product mix where I said that even the domestic is going to be 
reasonably on the higher side. So, we'll bounce back as I've mentioned to Deepak as well, that 
we will go back to 52%, 53% moving forward based on the product mix that we're going to have 
over the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. Yeah. 
Mohit Kumar: 
The first question would be revenue guidance; I missed the number. What are your guiding for 
FY24?  
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, we're expecting 45% to 50% increase in revenue guidance for FY24. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is on the working capital. While you're guiding for a movement in the entire 
fiscal, can you take some improvement in the first half itself by the time you report the number 
in September? 
Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
We are trying to reduce, but as we said already, there are some existing inventories we will use 
in for the first half of the year and the third quarter requirement we try and get as per the need 
basis. So, we'll try and reduce our working capital by the first half of the year. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, can you speak about the new clients you added in FY23 and how do you expect the ramp up 
in revenue and the opportunity in FY24 and FY25 from the new clients? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, we have added a number of new clients which I have said, starting from Voith, GE 
Renewable, Andritz, Hitachi, now we've added Thales, GKN Aerospace. So, we're improving 
our customer base with a very wide portfolio right now. So, we have more or less completed 
first articles with some of the customers and some are in progress, and also the new customers 
like Fluence Energy, Enervenue and all these customers are almost in the final stage of 
discussions. So, all these customers in engineering, once we have done with the first articles, the 
volumes will pick up, especially our fabrication also is getting fully commissioned by end of 
June, including the machining aspect of it. And Enercon is another company which are looking 
at us to take care of their needs for rotor and stator, very complicated assemblies that they're 
looking at. So, all this over the next two, three years would become a substantial business for 
MTAR, as I said, including Fluence and take all these customers into account, including GNK 
Aerospace in aerospace sector. Probably by end of the year, we're looking at 600, 700 crores of 
revenues kicking in from all these customers or even more. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vinod from Union Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Vinod: 
Sir, I just want to have your comment on Indian space policy which was approved by the cabinet 
in the month of April and also if you can just help me how MTAR will benefit from this policy? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Can you repeat please once again? 
Vinod: 
There was an Indian space policy which was approved by the cabinet which was talking about 
institutionalization of private sector participation in the space sector. I would like to get your 
comment on how MTAR will benefit from this policy? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
This is exactly what I'm saying. See, if MTAR is getting involved in design and development of 
its own launch vehicle in the small satellite launch vehicle, so ultimately, the government is 
looking at privatization in the space sector in a big way. But for any company to design and 
develop… that's what I said, it's a four-year period which we've already taken it up very seriously 
and we have actually completed lot of design work as we move on, we have already recruited 
very well experienced scientists in this area. So, this is something which is going to be a game-
changer for MTAR four years from now, that's going to be a fully integrated system and our first 
developmental flight should be ready at the end of the fourth year. So, this is what the 
government is looking at. But again the government has also given the PSLV launch vehicle to 
private companies like L&T and HAL in consortium. But, there again, since MTAR is exclusive 
supplier of the liquid propulsion engines and various other modules that we supply for them, 
which they have been using for all their launch vehicles, these vendors again would come to us 
to deliver engines to them as well. So, we benefit in both ways, but we would like to ultimately 
develop our own product within the company moving forward. So, that's pretty encouraging and 
it all depends on how we design and develop our own products over the years. 
Vinod: 
Just a second clarification, you said that in the clean energy business, the new clients like Voith 
and GE and SIEMENS are expected to contribute Rs.600 crores over the next three to four years. 
Currently, is there any contribution on the revenue side or order backlog from these new clients? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, we already executed some orders. That's what I said, we just started doing first articles. I 
think we've executed some between Rs.15 crores and Rs.20 crores of orders or even more than 
that for them at the starting point. In engineering, first, we do the first articles, then the customer 
starts building up and slowly have to ramp up and take care of their requirements. And Fluence 
is something which we are yet to start; we are almost in the final stage of discussions right now 
and that's something the energy storage systems and the clean energy is going to ramp up in a 
big way over the next three years on a step-by-step manner. The vision of the company is to 
diversify very strong customer portfolio and also have enough revenues being generated from 
each of these customers. So, we've been very careful in dealing with that because in engineering 
we spend a lot of time in developing these products for them or developing whatever their 
requirements are. But we also look at the commercial aspects in terms of how much of revenues 
that we can generate on volume terms moving forward. So, we are in line with that target. I have 
clearly said that the vision of MTAR is to be Rs. 3,000 crores revenue base company by FY28, 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
and lot of work has been done in the last financial year, which does not reflect in numbers 
obviously. But this is the path forward as the platform being created year-on-year basis to 
achieve our end goal of sustaining those revenues and the margins what we're looking at. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
My first question is on order inflow. You are guiding for some 1,200 crores of inflow next year, 
of which 500 crores is from nuclear. If I do the math, you are building a decline in the other 
segment order inflow, last year, clean energy itself was Rs.800 crores. So, what explains this 
kind of an estimation? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, I have given a conservative estimate, Dipesh. So, whatever I said is Rs. 1,200 crores, but 
obviously we'll get a lot more orders in clean energy segment as such. But, at this point of time, 
I have given a very conservative estimate as far as the order book is concerned, which is 
substantial actually, but we would probably get much more than that, but the way I tell things 
that I would like to maintain a number and try to achieve it much more than what I say. So, that's 
what it is. So, obviously, you're right, we'll have a much stronger order book moving forward as 
well. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Second question was on the working capital side. If I look at the working capital, there seems to 
be a significant increase in payables this quarter. So, is there a change in the terms with our 
vendors? 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla 
The payable days because 72 crores of raw material is in stock in transit and the same thing is 
reflecting in the payable also that is another reason and some other thing is we are actually 
talking to various customers and increasing our credit periods earlier we used to pay advances 
slowly we are bringing into 30 days, 45 days some supplies even 60 days also. So, we are trying 
in both sides, but there is a stock in transit value is also included in the payable. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Related question so earlier you had highlighted that in terms of receivables the transit time to 
US has increased which actually meant your receivables from Bloom had increased because they 
pay after they received the shipment, now what is the situation and globally the shipment 
timelines are shrinking? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I think it is stabilized now. 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla 
Yeah, it is stabilized that is why actually last time it was 154 days now 132 days now last year 
it is 154 and now 132 days and we are closely monitoring and try to get as much possible and in 
case of Bloom there is no follow up required. It is actually on due date it will come without any 
intervention. They have a supplier portal wherein we will know when it is reached, when they 
are paying all those things. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Bala Murali from Oman Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bala Murali: 
Earlier maybe one or two years before we have guided for 8,000 SOFC boxes capacity by FY24, 
so are you on track within delivery for order is available 8,000 SOFC boxes? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, I have said 7,200 hot boxes including all the models put together. So, we are on track with 
it, except Keeylocko where some design changes are going on which is about 1,600 units which 
we will know by end of this quarter. Once that clarification comes from Bloom then probably 
we will be on track with that as well or probably they will increase the other units as well. So, 
we will know by end of this quarter. 
Bala Murali: 
And second one is regarding this electrolyzer, so what could be our capacity for this FY24 and 
how much we can deliver if orders are available and then average realization for this 
electrolyzer? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, as I said earlier electrolyzer they have already established the project in US where they were 
able to successfully commission it and display it to all their customers which is happening as I 
speak. So, based on the initial feedback it has been highly successful in terms of the efficiencies 
and what they have done. So, hopefully in a couple of quarters we will see a good ramp up 
happening and we have the capacity to handle and the ramp up obviously if the volumes really 
pick up as Yuma and things like that probably then we proactively look at capacities and then 
we act accordingly. So, we will address that once we cross the bridge at that time. 
Bala Murali: 
And average realization sir any ballpark number? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
As of today it is around roughly around $23,000 per unit. 
Bala Murali: 
And lastly even the four to five years’ guidance I missed that number I think it is 3,000 cr or 
something else? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That is right. What I have said is we have a clear roadmap in terms of how we are creating a 
platform and building a customer base year-on-year basis and the kind of revenue growth we are 
going to consistently have sustaining our margins over the next five years we should be at that 
level of 3,000 crores these are road map five years from today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sriram Kapoor from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 
Sriram Kapoor: 
I wanted to ask you about your defense segment and how you see that going over the next few 
years and within defense what sector do you specifically cater to, is it directly supplying to the 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
arm forces or do you supply to the DPS used like HAL, so if you could give some colour on 
that? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Absolutely. So, as far as defense is concerned our percentage is very low, but our focus has been 
primarily on clean energy segment and nuclear is also part of that and space areas, but we are 
doing substantial work for the defense labs as of today and that is what we are doing right now, 
but in order to cater to the air forces and navies of the world the issue is we need to have the 
defense license which we probably by this quarter we will have the defense license with us. It is 
a long and tedious process to get such defense licenses so we are trying to get that which we will 
have it right now, but once we have that then in terms of technology and supplying the end 
systems obviously we need to collaborate with some of the MNCs which we have to see how 
profitable that is to the company which we are very clear in terms of maintaining our margins 
because most of the MNCs would try to pull away as much of share from the whole projects 
what they get in terms of make and buy. So, we are evaluating all these things. So, if I have good 
lucrative opportunities we will look at it, but primarily our focus is more on these other areas 
what we are looking at right now. 
Sriram Kapoor: 
My next question is on the key products that you have on the development which is your defense 
and Semicryo Engine and the imports substitute let us say bellows and heaters, what is the 
addressable market for these products and when will they begin to contribute significantly to 
your topline? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See the products as you say the electromechanical actuators we are delivering this year all the 
orders what they have given us which we have taken it for the first time. We all import substitute 
products. We are delivering almost 7 crores to 8 crores of EMAS this year that is going to be a 
substantial achievement in terms of delivering the actual product which they are going to use 
instead of importing it. Roller screws we have already proved to DRDO about our capabilities 
which are importing from Rollviz Sweden. So, the formalities are pending in terms of getting 
the official note through in terms of Government of India to put an import ban. We are hoping 
that will happen by the end of this quarter so that is going to be a substantial product which we 
have taken 1.5 to 2 years to develop it. For the last 30 years or 35 years they have been importing 
it from Sweden so that should stop. So, with the progress what you have made here and bellows 
is something which we have already started and using it as well in house right now. We look at 
other opportunities where we can also make bellows for other customers as well which is that is 
another big market that we are looking at, but that we have to seriously look at it because right 
now we are busy in our own in-house consumptions for bellows, heaters and other thing which 
we are working upon. Ceramics, like the components what we are using in-house is also 
something which we are developing right now. So, a lot of these products and as I said the ASP 
is another product which we got commissioned and we got qualified and we started dispatching 
as well. So, last year we did 7.5 crores and this year we will do close to about 110 to 120 crores 
of ASP dispatch is happening this year. So, our idea is to really increase our product portfolio 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
basket over the next three-four years to make it a much larger revenue base which is a high 
margin area for us at this point of time. 
Sriram Kapoor: 
And just last one bookkeeping question if you could provide the revenue split for Q4 FY22 
between space and defense because last year in the presentation they were clubbed together at 
about 15.2 crores if you could provide the split first between space and defense? 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla 
Defense it is 3% space we have not included any defense revenue.  
Sriram Kapoor: 
In Q4 FY22 so that last year quarter that 15.2 crores purely stays there is no defense in that. 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
There  
is hardly any percentage defense is less than 3%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
My first question is that you have given this salary hike suddenly in Quarter 4 how much of that 
has gone to top management, can you please give that bifurcation?  
Srinivas Reddy: 
Most of it has gone towards the highly skilled employees the shop floor workers. So, I have been 
working with this for quite some time because these are the workers with lot of experience and 
also the core engineering team. So, the focus was primarily on that not on the top management 
as such.  
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And sir this is something which you could have planned for so considering that you had given a 
guidance in February and you ended up this expense, so just wanted to see whether anything 
suddenly changed for you and more importantly is there some kind of a process related 
deficiency there in the system that you are incurring many expenses which is coming out of turn? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
This is not an outer turn expense. See, it is nothing to do with process related issues. It was a 
very conscious decision taken looking at the future outlook of the company which is only going 
to benefit the company and the shareholders in the long run. Obviously, it has an impact on the 
P&L, but it is something if you are investing in CAPEX you also need to look at looking at your 
own team of people who are working for the company for years and we felt that this genuinely 
this is an appropriate I mean when you look at the roadmap for the company over the next five 
years we really felt that this is a great motivation factor moving forward and that really does not 
really matter in terms of long term basis. So, it was a genuine decision taken which only benefits 
the company and the shareholders moving forward. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And my last question is sir are you getting into quite a few new product areas looks like in 
financial year 24 including valves and some other fabrication I assume that those will be far 
more better in terms of margin, but how difficult will it be for you to scale up in this category? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, we have enough capacities. It is not that it is all about the developmental activities. So, 
MTAR has got enough capacities across the board. We have enough machines and as I said the 
highly skilled employees of the company these are the core strength of MTAR. So, the capacities 
are never an issue unless any bottleneck areas or any specific area where we need to build the 
capacity separately which are not part of the existing capacity then it is a separate issue so 
otherwise it is not a major concern at all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Research. Please go ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir my question is on the EBITDA margin, EBITDA margins in financial ‘21 was 34% approx. 
and Financial Year ‘22 it was 29% I mean this financial year it came down to 27%, so from 34% 
to 27% in three years, what is the reason for this and what will be the sustainability EBITDA in 
next say two or three years? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I have already said that one is sustaining the margins. We have taken various steps and we will 
sustain these margins moving forward and the product mix also has changed year-on-year basis. 
When you are looking at the product mix is also very important. So, we have considered that we 
are moving forward as well. So, we will be able to maintain such margins moving forward what 
I have said earlier in my speech as well. 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir my next question is on FT Technologies with manufacturing in India obviously have plan to 
set up a factory in Gurugram, how do you see this deal as an opportunity going forward like we 
can we add FT Technologies as our customer. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, we can have anybody as a customer. It is not about India abroad. First of all, most of the 
hydrogen sector electrolyzer are under developmental stage. You have Ohmium, for example, 
trying to develop an electrolyzer, you have various companies like that, but they have to make 
the prototypes and ramp up come to a level where they can actually look at associating with 
companies like MTAR. We keep talking about bloom energy being one customer it is not that 
way because Bloom has done those volumes and proven to the market, but others are still lagging 
way behind. So, as and when they come to the level of you know the requirements what they 
need then a company like MTAR can definitely work with them because we have the technology 
and where we have to work with them and build their products very easily for them. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amar Maurya from AlfAccurate Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, just one clarification this low-cost inventory basically the current inventory of 74 crores, is 
there any inventory of airlift inventory into that?  
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, that 74 crores which in transit is by sea only that is what we have clearly mentioned. There 
are no airlift factors.  

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Amar Maurya: 
And all airlift inventories basically over by Q4 or do we have some airlift inventory left?  
Srinivas Reddy: 
We do not have anything like we have used that up. Otherwise, why would we airlift it, we 
would not do it. So, if we have the time then we would rather move it by sea. We have taken 
that we have taken that impact already in the last quarter. 
Amar Maurya: 
In terms of the gross margin recovery will happen in first half or in second half?  
Srinivas Reddy: 
It will happen as we move on the first half itself that is not an issue at all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the land of Pradyumna Choudhary from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
My question was more regarding the green hydrogen space in India, so we are seeing a lot of 
developments there are lot of players talking about it, so like what opportunities do you see for 
your company in this particular space in terms of the kind of products or components we can be 
manufacturing and are we in talks with any major players? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, we are, but see the issue as I have explained even for bloom it took quite a while to actually 
establish and they proved recently in the last one week what they can actually generate output 
for hydrogen at very high efficiency. So, it is all technology based. So, as I mentioned earlier 
depends on all these companies where they can build a proper electrolyzer with lot of efficiencies 
to bring down the cost of hydrogen then it makes sense. So, we have to see how it goes. So, 
obviously MTAR is there has the capacity to address such situations. So, probably we have to 
see over the next six to eight months how it evolves and how they can develop these 
electrolyzers. 
Pradyumna Choudhary: 
But like what all products in the value chain can we be looking at one would be electrolyzer 
what else? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Electrolyzer is the main thing the entire electrolyte. We have the facilities and the technology to 
build for them whether it is PEM or SOFC whatever it is end of the day it is the entire electrolyzer 
the design part of it which has to work for them because it is their design it is not our design. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from Alf Accurate Advisors Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
My question is again on the gross margins front so you mentioned the last quarter we did some 
air lifting for the Raw Mat can you share the air lifting cost which is extraordinary in nature for 
the last quarter? 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I think it is probably close to about 7 crores to 8 crores of material that we had to airlift the cost 
that we had to airlift roughly I am talking. I do not have the exact number to be genuine, but I 
think to my knowledge it is about that number. 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla 
Around $4 lakh, $5 lakh that is value what you are saying is inventory value. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Overall he is asking about the air lift cost? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, total is around. 
Dhavan Shah: 
That is about 800,000 something, right?  
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla 
The total cost is that much. 
Dhavan Shah: 
The second one is on the net working capital days so in the presentation you mentioned that 
roughly 138 days is other than WIP which must be having some finished good inventory also, 
so can you share out of 380-odd crore the inventory which is how much is the finished good and 
post you also mentioned that of the part will be supplied for MPCL in the first half itself, so how 
do you see the WIP days going maybe the inventory days because I think these 200 days will 
fall down to what level for FY24? 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla: 
The total 380 crores of inventory 144 crores is WIP and 242 crores is a raw materials and out of 
242 72 crores is stock in transit which is actually both reflecting in the inventory and payable. 
So, by end of the year we try to make like reduced inventory like next two quarters this raw 
material whatever we are importing, whatever is imported and whatever is in transit which we 
will use it in the one or two quarters and after that slowly we will try and reduce as per the 
requirement at the operations. So, thereby we can reduce the inventory days.  
Dhavan Shah: 
One thing is at clean energy contribution for this quarter is roughly 73% versus the Q3 
contribution was 80 odd percent, so how is the gross margin differentiation you already 
mentioned that the export business is doing a lower gross margin versus the domestic one, so 
what is the difference between export and domestic gross margin? 
 Gunneswara R. Pusarla 
In the export there is around 40% gross margin are there. In the case of domestic around 55% to 
60% gross margins are there in some cases we have various projects, some are the having the 
even 30% also some are at 55 also so around you can say gross margins around 60% in case of 
domestic turnover. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Tulsiyan from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
First question is pertaining to the Bloom energy guidance I think the company itself has given 
guidance of about $1.35 million for product revenue which is 50% higher, so in that contrast our 
guidance for the year where we are ramping up other segments as well nuclear energy and the 
other seems to be a bit on the conservative side. So, if you could highlight more specifically how 
much you are building in terms of guidance for clean energy segment and how much for the 
overall other segments as well for 24 that is space and nuclear energy? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, Sandeep basically I have taken 55% or so for clean energy which is very conservative you 
are absolutely right, but I would like to stick to this guidance for now 45% to 50%. The good 
news is that the other part of the 45% is definitely going to happen. So, that absolute number is 
going to really give a lot of difference in terms of our margins as well. So, what kind of work 
we have done over the last one year or two years. So, obviously it is conservative guidance, but 
I would like to stick to that. I do understand that Bloom energy has given a guidance of 1.4 
billion as compared to 1 billion last years. So, let us see how it goes. We will have more clarity 
by the end of June obviously the new orders will be placed as Sandeep last year also we did that 
for the next year as well the last quarter. So, we will see how it goes June, July, we will have 
more clarity on that. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
And just one clarification regarding this GKN aerospace $10 million order, is it already booked 
and shown in our product segment or it is something that came after 31st March? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It came after 31st March. So, they have given a letter of intent to us so I cannot take that into the 
order book as of now. So, they have asked us to go ahead with the raw material sourcing and all 
that. The official order will come in this quarter itself and that is something we have done a lot 
of due diligence before they release their order to us their LOI to us. So, similarly with Thales 
as well. So, these are all the things the steppingstones for our future growth. We are trying to 
diversify to different customers, different segments and things like that where our profitability 
is even much higher. So, that is what we are looking at. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
What is this order book buildup of product segment if you could just clarify on that because this 
is a huge jump that we see on year-on-year basis? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See you are talking about the product portfolio. 
Sandeep Tulsiyan: 
Yeah, product segment? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
One is we are looking at the electromechanical actuators. The second is the roller screws. The 
3rd is the ASPs which we are going to do more than 100 crores this year. We just got qualified 
in the last quarter of last financial year and we dispatched about 7.5 crores to 8 crores worth of 
products to them and then the ramp up has already started and we will be achieving more than 
100 crores of that revenue. So, I have not taken into consideration the other products that we are 
doing. It took us one and half years to complete the development of roller screws and we are 

 
MTAR Technologies Limited 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
almost there to get qualified. It is taking a little while because of the various issues how to prove 
DRDO and all that, but finally we have achieved that. So, all these things will accumulate and 
will result in revenue increase over the years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will take that as the last 
question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivas Reddy for closing comments. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I would like to thank everyone for joining our earnings call for FY23 Q4 earnings call and I hope 
I have explained very clearly about the margins and revenues and the future outlook of the 
company and I really appreciate the support from all the shareholders to MTAR and we are right 
on track and we believe in giving the guidance which we would like to adhere to and we have 
done that and I have also explained very clearly about the slight reduction in the EBITDA 
margins for Q4 and moving forward we will get back to the normal margins the way we have 
been delivering and please address this on an annualized basis whatever we do we will definitely 
achieve the margins what guidance we have given moving forward as well. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
