 
 
 
9th August, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Thursday, 3rd August, 2023 to discuss Q1 FY 24 Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Prakash Bhogilal 
Makwana
Digitally signed by Prakash 
Bhogilal Makwana 
Date: 2023.08.09 18:57:37 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 03, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Arvind SmartSpaces 
Limited Q1 FY '24 Post Results Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Sharma from Adfactors. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Sharma: 
Thank you, Zico. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on 
the Q1 FY '24 results conference call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. We have 
with us today on the call Mr. Kamal Singal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. 
Ankit Jain, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating 
Officer; Mr. Prakash Makwana, Company Secretary; and Mr. Vikram Rajput, 
Head, Investor Relations. 
Please note that a copy of the disclosure is available on the Investors section 
of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on the stock 
exchanges. Please do note that anything said on this call, which reflects the 
outlook towards the future, which could be constituted as a forward-looking 
statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company 
faces. 
I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Kamal Singal for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to everyone present on this call. 
Thank you for joining us today to discuss the Operating and Financial 
Performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the First Quarter ended 30th June 
2023. 
I would like to begin by sharing my thoughts on the real estate environment 
and broad highlights of the quarter. We then look forward to taking your 
questions and suggestions.  
The Indian economy continues to move forward strongly, driven by the 
confluence of a large number of varied positive attributes and is widely 
expected to emerge as the third largest globally by the turn of the current 
decade. Factors such as formalization, urbanization, employment generation 
and mass affluence will certainly underlie the transitions likely to be seen in 
the country. These very trends also support the accelerated growth in the 
country’s real estate sector as the need for both comfortable as well as 
aspirational homes continue to drive long-term demand.    
As we all know, the real estate sector has already been experiencing a period 
of momentous growth. Most recently, the central bank's pause on rate hikes 
has improved borrowing conditions. Furthermore, historically low inventory 
levels have fuelled a sense of urgency among buyers, leading to heightened 
demand and this has further supported firmness in property prices. With a trend 
of improved household savings and higher disposable incomes, individuals 
now have greater financial flexibility and confidence to invest in properties. 
These combined elements continue to strengthen an already robust growth 
outlook for the real estate market, offering a promising landscape for both 
investors and homeowners. Prominent experts in the Indian property market 
are projecting a strong year ahead, with forecasts indicating a collective surge 
in sales of around 10-15% across the residential, commercial, and retail 
segments.  
In a market that is consolidating towards organised corporate developers, 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited represents a new age Indian real estate company 
synonymous with design, brand, governance, trust, legacy and track record. 
We have distinguished ourselves not just by scale but by scope. Not just by 
size but by style. We are engaged in the development of distinctive customer-
centric properties – spacious and aesthetic – that are designed to enhance the 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
quality of life of its customers. We enjoy strong scalability in horizontal and 
vertical developments, across targeted geographies of Ahmedabad, Bangalore 
and Pune. We have achieved a critical mass in operations marked by healthy 
profitability and operating cash flows. The Company is net debt-free, among 
few Indian listed real estate companies to enjoy this distinction. These 
distinctive capabilities are the result of an overarching commitment to our 
philosophy: ‘Designed to Inspire.’ Our transformative philosophy makes us 
confident of capitalizing on the sector opportunity in a meaningful way while 
maintaining financial discipline.  
Coming to our Q1 operational performance, we delivered 14% YoY growth in 
sales booking at Rs. 135 crore, which was largely driven by sustenance sales 
in ongoing projects. While sales are expected to accelerate through the rest of 
the year on the back of further impetus from new launches and project 
additions, we are pleased to share that we recorded our highest ever quarterly 
collections from customers for the third straight quarter. Q1 collections 
increased by 54% to Rs. 204 crore, which took us beyond the Rs. 200 crore 
milestone for the first time in or corporate history. This, we believe, is an 
important achievement from our organizational perspective – given that it 
allows us to accelerate the virtuous operating cycle of sales, construction and 
delivery to create a positive ecosystem for our brand among real estate 
customers. 
More recently, we have added two new horizontal multi-asset township 
projects added in South Ahmedabad spread across 704 acres with a top-line 
potential of about Rs. 2,300 crore. Both the projects are signed under the joint 
development model enabling low capital intensity and higher returns. NH 47, 
South Ahmedabad is spread ~500 acre with a revenue potential of ~Rs. 1,450 
crore and our economic interest is 50% revenue share. Bavla, South 
Ahmedabad is spread ~204 acre with a revenue potential of ~Rs. 850 crore and 
our economic interest is 55% revenue share. We have also signed a 
Development Management (DM) agreement to develop a 16 acre township at 
Moti Bhoyan, near Ahmedabad with a potential of Rs. 116 crore.  In 
Ahmedabad alone, we are now actively developing approximately 50 million 
square feet through our ongoing and planned portfolio. With the addition of 
these new projects, we are poised to expand our presence even further and 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
solidify our position as a leading real estate development company in 
Ahmedabad. 
Now, moving on from operational updates to the financial highlights – in Q1 
FY24, we reported revenues of Rs. 67 crore, up 11% YoY. Adjusted EBITDA 
for the quarter was higher by 19% YoY to Rs. 16 crore whereas Profit After 
Tax grew 11% YoY to Rs. 8 crore. 
Our Balance Sheet position remains strong despite expanding operations. 
Supported by strong generation of Operating Cash Flow – amounting to Rs. 
111 crore in Q1 – we closed the quarter with a net cash position of Rs. 87 crore. 
Our Q1 Operating Cash Flow was more than half of last full year’s cash flow, 
allowing greater operating flexibility and creating the potential for driving 
further growth on a robust balance sheet. This strong position has been reached 
despite sustained outflow of business development activities. Further, we 
estimate an unrealised operating cash flow exceeding Rs. 2,100 crore from 
completed, ongoing and yet to be launched projects.  
To close, I would like to reiterate that while the industry demand supply 
remains healthy, consolidation and corporatization continue to improve 
prospects for branded players. A strong brand, expanding geographical 
presence, innovative product mix, prudent capital allocation and pursuit of 
operational excellence should allow Arvind Smartspaces to continue its 
trajectory of profitable growth. We look forward to drive scale with new 
launches and project additions across Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Pune and MMR. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Congratulations for the entire Arvind Smart team for executing this large 704 
acres project of Rs. 2,300 crore. That is what we have guided, that the business 
of close to Rs. 5,000 crore we are embarking upon, and I think it's a great 
achievement on that count. So my couple of questions. 
My first question pertains to the initial -- this Rs. 2,300 crore, I think we have 
already included that number in our cash flow estimation close to Rs. 500 crore 
has got added. So just to get a sense that, to my mind, it is not on the HDFC 
platform. And what is the initial investment until the launch stage that will be 
required to bring these projects on ground? And when can we expect the launch 
of these 2 large projects. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
And the second question pertains to specifically in the Bangalore project, 
Sarjapur and all the launch, which was -- we were expecting in Q1 has got a 
little delayed. So if you could explain us when can we expect that now? And 
what are the time lines for that launch? And because of that little presales 
numbers are close to Rs. 135 crore, a little short of our expectations. So what 
is now the guidance for the FY '24 in terms of achieving the presales numbers, 
the growth that we guided initially of 20%, 25%? Is it still on or not? So that 
is the second question. 
And third is the project pipeline. We have already done this Rs. 2,300 crore. 
So what sort of further project pipeline that you are envisaging for this FY '24 
or maybe FY '25 will be really helpful, sir. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thanks a lot, Bajrang. I take your questions one by one. And you're right that 
these 2 large projects, new projects in Ahmedabad are not under HDFC 
platform. And whatever nominal investments are required in these projects will 
be done directly by us and HDFC platform will not be a partner in this. So 
that's one, because both these projects are joint development projects. 
And the second part of the question regarding how much we need to invest in 
these projects. The simple answer is that because these are joint development 
projects, hence, the initial investment is going to be very, very nominal. And 
obviously, that means these are going to be very, very asset-light projects, very 
similar to what we've been doing in Uplands or Highgrove, etc.  
The next question you had was about the launch time line of these projects. 
While these are very large projects, we have already started very, very 
aggressively designing and planning these projects. These are large master 
plans and multiple products like plotting, like villass, like recreational 
facilities, etc. are being planned on these. And hence -- but I can assure you 
that these are coming sooner than later. 
On the first one, which is the smaller the two, around 200 acres, should be 
launched at least Phase 1 of that project should be launched in the next 2 to 3 
months' time. That's the target internal. And we are hopeful that, that should 
be achieved. 
The other one possibly can take a few more months because we are getting into 
some international architects and designing the project keeping a very long-

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
term plan in mind. But we're still trying to see if we can launch this within this 
financial more like in the Q4 of this year. So that's the launch time line for 
these 2 projects. 
Yes. On the numbers, INR135 crore has been achieved in this quarter. But you 
might have noticed that broadly this is sustenance sales. In fact, sustenance 
sales has come out to be a little better than what our internal predictions have 
been. But yes, we have not launched any new project for this quarter. But as 
we build, some of our launches are a little back-ended for the year, but we are 
very hopeful and we are working towards the objective of achieving our stated 
objective of achieving growth at the rate of 25% to 30% over previous years in 
most of our parameters, and we are very hopeful that this should be achieved 
and we are working on it. So target remains the same. No change there as such, 
a little low on the Q1 numbers, yes, but that's broadly sustenance, but back-
ended launches are planned and they are moving as per our expectation, and 
they should hit the market as new plan from here onwards. So broadly, we are 
still keeping the same target, and we should be able to achieve it. 
Further, your last question, I guess, pertains to the overall investment and 
project pipeline. If you recollect in the last call, we said that the idea is to invest 
around Rs. 1,000 crore in total this financial year. We are moving very fast on 
this, currently as we speak, we've just announced these 2 projects, but the 
pipeline is strong. Quite a few things are happening and we are at a fairly 
advanced stages of a few of those projects. And we are quite hopeful that this 
target of spending Rs. 1,000 crore should happen within this financial year. So 
that's also looking like broadly on track. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of from Ritwik Sheth from One-Up 
Financial. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. Sir, you have given upcoming projects from Slide 16 to Slide 23. My 
question is that there are quite a lot of projects, 6, 7 projects which are in 
pipeline, 2 of them, which we have acquired recently. So what kind of launches 
we can see for the rest of the year from FY '24? You just mentioned that it's 
planned to be back-ended, so can we expect 3, 4 projects to be launched from 
the 7, 8 projects in pipeline in FY '24? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Kamal Singal: 
You're right. I mean quite a few projects are listed in the presentationFew of 
them that are in any case planned to be launched. Sarjapur Villa project is 
almost ready to launch because of changes in the administration, etc., last few 
things are happening and it should be launched any time from now. So that's 
one. 
Then we are also targeting to launch Doddaballapur in next few, maybe a 
couple of months or thereabouts. That is also slated to be launched there. 
Greatlands remaining phase has to be launched. This will also come within a 
couple of months or 3 months' time from now. North Bangalore is another 
project which we are targeting to launch. So that's upcoming, and it should be 
launched within this financial year in any case. 
Apart from that, the 2 new projects, which we just announced, one of them 
should be launched in next 2 to 3 months' time. The other one is targeted to be 
launched more towards the end of the year, and we are pushing to ensure that 
somehow it is launched in Q4 of this year. But nevertheless, the first one, 200 
acres Bavla should be launched in next 2 to 3 months' time from now. So 
broadly, most of the projects that you see as upcoming are coming under launch 
in next few months. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And just one follow-up from previous participant's question on the investment. 
You mentioned that we're looking to invest Rs. 1,000 crore in FY '24. So 
obviously, this includes HDFC as well, right, HDFC investment? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Just wanted to clarify that. And sir, last question from my end, we are looking 
to foray into MMR, mainly in Pune. Pune, we have a project and in outskirts 
of Mumbai as well. So any progress on that front? 
Kamal Singal: 
There is nothing much that can be shared at this point in time, although the 
activity level and the engagement levels with the market for the pipeline and 
for the project acquisitions, etc., is very, very hectic here. Not in a position to 
really specifically talk about something because they are not finalized yet. 
But yes, the team is out there in the field. We are evaluating quite a few 
projects, both in Pune and MMR. And hopefully, within this year, we should 
be able to start a couple of such initiatives in these 2 cities. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And just one last question. So, this investment of Rs. 1,000 crore, bulk of that 
would be in Ahmedabad and Bangalore and some of that would be in Mumbai, 
Pune -- MMR, Pune. Would that be a reasonable understanding? 
Kamal Singal: 
So if I were to recollect our earlier discussion maybe in the previous one or the 
previous to previous call, we have kind of planned to invest 40% each in 
Ahmedabad and Bangalore in the medium term and around 20% in MMR and 
Pune. Pune and MMR is a bit low because we want to make sure that we are 
firm-footed in these two markets, and we build cumulatively on our 
experiences there, treating these markets as local ones and hence, the 
proportion. So in the medium term, just to reiterate, 40-40-20 should be a broad 
plan in these 3 cities. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Biplab from Antique Stock. 
Biplab:  
Sir, my first question is, can you give us some insight on life cycle of a plotted 
or a Bangalore project in terms of time line and cash flow. I'm basically trying 
to understand how horizontal projects depend from, say, mass housing vertical 
in terms of cash flow and time line. So this is my first question. 
Kamal Singal: 
You're talking about a typical plotting project in Bangalore, right? If, for 
example, Greatlands could be 1 of the benchmarks there. That's what you're 
asking, generally. 
Biplab:  
In general, sir, just trying to understand how the cash flow comes? How the 
cost goes? How long it takes for the project to be delivered and how quickly 
the cash flow -- I'm just trying to understand that part, a timeline as well as 
cash flow. Typical project, any project sir that you can give as a typical project. 
Kamal Singal: 
So typically, a large plotting project will have phases because you aggregate 
lands in phases only unless you have something like 100-acre aggregated in 
one shot before you launch, which normally in a company like ours is not the 
case, we would rather prefer to ready first 30, 40 acres for Phase 1 launch and 
simultaneously continue to add more land as we go ahead. That's what we've 
been doing in particularly every project that we are doing of this nature. 
So assuming 30 acres to be off phase, that phase gets consolidated or purchased 
first from the land standpoint. And then it goes into approvals, conversions, 
etc., which takes 6 to 8 months' time in getting all the approvals. Post launch, 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
the process is not very long, and the cash flow cycle is not very long, 30 to 40 
acres should get developed in 18-odd months' time from launch, and that's how 
it gets delivered. And in that sense, cash flows ideally, if we sell 100%, should 
come 100% in 18 months from the launch date. So maybe 8 to 9 months of 
approval cycle and 1.5 years’ time to launch and sell and get the cash flows in. 
That's the typical phase of a plotting scheme. And if Phase 2 for that matter 
starts in 6 months from the Phase 1 of launch or whatever, then it gets 
dovetailed with the similar time lines thereafter. 
So this is a typical cash flow launch and kind of completion cycle for a typical 
plotting grid. Of course, these are better days, good days and hence, sales cycle 
is shorter. We end up selling faster than what it used to be a few years back. 
And hence, cash flow cycle is restricted to the development cycle, which is 18 
months. Otherwise, it could be 3 months to 6 months here and there. And in 
any case, we should be able to wrap up some projects in 24 months, if not in 
18 months. 
Biplab:  
And the second question is, just trying to understand the HDFC platform. So 
suppose you have projects in HDFC platform, which have been launched and 
those projects started generating cash. So, what happens to the net cash flow, 
in the projects of those HDFC platforms. Are they distributed among the 
shareholder or those net cash flows that flowed back into the projects or 
business development in the platform? 
Kamal Singal: 
So there's a pre-agreed waterfall mechanism in the agreements with any 
platform, including HDFC. So whenever cash starts pouring in, obviously, with 
the kind of velocities that we are talking about in a plotting scheme, our cash 
flows are much faster than what we could spend having spent money on land 
already on development of cash flow, incremental cash flows are very small. 
So you end up having surpluses almost from day 1 of your launch. That's what 
has happened in 3 or 4 plotting projects that we would have launched in 
Ahmedabad and Bangalore, both together. 
And those cash flows will start going to the partners of the platforms based on 
a pre-agreed formula and waterfall mechanism. So they start getting repaid, 
principal and interest simultaneously as we go ahead in the projects. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Biplab:  
So both you suppose there is a surplus cash flow of Rs. 100 crore from net 
projects, and that project won't be needing money. So you will start distributing 
as per the pre-agreed waterfall mechanism. And you will get some amount and 
they will get some amount, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Correct. So we'll keep paying and repaying immediately once the cash flow 
starts getting generated. And obviously, that is repayment of the loan under 
that specific SPV for that specific project. Otherwise mother agreement, which 
is a platform remains as it is and we keep drawing money for the future next 
projects as we keep agreeing on new projects like we are doing right now. But 
I mean, from the point of view of repayments, yes, project-wise we keep 
repaying as project-specific cash flows are generated in the platform. 
Biplab:  
And is there any priority cash flow distribution to HDFC and/or is there kind 
of skewed distribution. I'm just trying to understand, are the sales first and then 
you or there is a skewed distribution. How is it, sir? 
Kamal Singal: 
That mechanism varies from platform to platform. For example, on priorities 
of cash, etc., Platform 1 will be very differently configured as compared to 
Platform 2. And as the risk-return ratio would be expected to move in case we 
give more priority to the outside of the partner, then obviously, the ultimate 
returns are supposed to be lower. And if the priorities are similar and same and 
balanced in favour of both the partners, then comparative cost will be a little 
higher compared to the first model. So this varies from platform to platform. 
And in this case, what happens in the current platform, if you were to talk 
specific, we also have a DM fee that we charge on top of the cash flow 
arrangement in the waterfall arrangement, which comes thereafter. Of course, 
everything is broadly subject to cash being generated in the business. So these 
are kind of long-term infusion capital in that sense. And before such 
distribution starts, we are allowed to take out our DM fees from the platform 
per se, assuming that to be a cost of managing the project per se for Arvind. 
Biplab:  
Sir, just one final question on this. So sir, when do you think the distribution 
from this platform would start coming to Arvind SmartSpaces? Because -- 
what I understand most of them are horizontal projects. Whatever you have 
invested and launched or to be launched, you would soon start generating 
enough positive cash flow. And so by when do you think and that will give you 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
a war chest for further business development in the name of Arvind 
SmartSpaces? So just trying to understand, when do you think this money or 
the cash flows from this platform will come hitting Arvind SmartSpaces? 
Kamal Singal: 
So cash flows have already started coming in. I mean, Arvind gets quite a 
handsome cash flows already from these launched projects. Greatlands, for 
example, apart from what we are paying to HDFC, there is significant money 
left for us to retain and invest and spend on various activities. So that's what is 
happening at this point in time. 
In fact, based on the formulas and based on the agreements, we would have 
loved to pay even more to HDFC but then there is a formula defined. So we 
have enough and more money to be kept for us and to invest. So that's 
happening already. 
In the other project, for example, Fruits of Life, again, we've generated quite a 
bit of cash flow already. And in fact, those cash flows instead of paying back 
to the platform, we have agreed that this will be straightway invested into some 
other projects and project is already acquired. And in this case, I guess this is 
a Doddaballapura Road. So we've already invested surpluses which have come 
to the platform and Arvind otherwise into the next project from the platform 
point of view. So rather than repaying and taking money again, we just reinvest 
it into the next SPV already. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi Shares. 
Prem Khurana: 
So just one question on the way we think about project additional business 
development. So when I look at the quarter, we have done 3 transactions to 
very large layout, wherein the execution cycle would run in years, and you will 
also be required to probably deal with a cycle or two as well. And at the same 
time, when I look at the transaction, fairly small, I mean, generally, I mean the 
threshold that we look at in terms of absolute profitability, Rs. 116 crore with 
10% share. 
So I mean I understand the IRR will be infinite because you won't be required 
to put in any money, but then at the end of the day, you would have to commit 
some time from your management band to be able to manage that as well. So 
how do we think about when we are evaluating these projects, large layout 
versus question wherein the IRRs would be extraordinary. Do we tend to have 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
different sort of hurdle rates when we are evaluating large layout versus a small 
quick churn projects? 
Kamal Singal: 
So it's a great question. Couple of things that we are very, very clear about are, 
one, profitability. We don't want to be adding projects just for the sake of top 
line, it has to make sense to us in terms of returns on effort. And hence, a 
project addition has to make some material difference to our bottom line. And 
that's one prime criteria that we keep doing. And that's what is reflected in our 
numbers versus simply where the margins are fairly healthy and each and every 
project makes a lot of sense to us in terms of how much it earns, vis-a-vis the 
size of business that we create. So that is one. 
The other is also the size of the project even if in percentages returns, 25%, 
30%, etc. , but if the size is not great. And if, again, that goes down, the return 
on effort, as you very even pointed out, is not commensurate with the effort 
and the time and the bandwidth that we are supposed to be using on a project 
at a location, very, very pertinent. 
Now while we have been doing this every single time, in this case, the numbers 
look comparatively smaller and they are looking, in fact, too small to start with. 
But the idea here is that DM is going to be a small component of our overall 
plan. This is just about second project out of maybe more than 25 projects that 
the group has taken up in the company where DM has been done. DM generally 
is low on absolutes. But then here, this phase of project that we have taken up 
in a larger, larger township that is otherwise owned by the owner, this phase is 
small. But the idea is that if we can just test market it and if you can set the 
proof right for this project for the landlords and for us, then there is a potential 
for this to become bigger and almost the same size as Forreste. Forreste as you 
know, is a 5 lakh square yard of township and we are not exactly clear on what 
is the development potential of this specific thing exactly, but of course, it has 
to be much bigger than what this project looks like today. And if it makes sense 
to us and the landlords, then obviously, the idea is to make this specific location 
and this specific project much bigger than what it is sounding. 
So all in all, we are very conscious of this. We have been doing it like that, and 
this is how we are building the company. And this will be our prime criteria of 
taking any new project. And the mantra is to also ensure parallelly that return 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
on effort is equally healthy as compared to the absolute for the proportion and 
percentage that we look at while evaluating a project. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And sir, just trying to continue on this, I mean, let's say, if I had to ignore 
the ample timing because not exactly compared with the other two. We have 
one which is 500 acres and there's another 200 acres. So the time lines would 
be different in terms of execution cycles, so the guardrails or hurdle rates where 
you generate target, would these be different with these 2 projects because one 
is where to spend more time? 
So which is you need to do more work, I mean, in terms of assessing risk and 
wherein the other one wherein it's 200 acres. I mean, the execution cycle on a 
relative basis would be smaller or shorter than the other one, the other 500-acre 
project, so which is -- I mean the predictability could be somewhat better. So 
when you're evaluating these, would your guardrails or hurdle rates change 
with these 2 sort of projects given the size and the time that it will take you and 
the risk assessment that you need to do? 
Kamal Singal: 
I mean I think it's like saying that if you direct a movie or if you are a director 
in cinema, how much time you will spend if you were to do a 1-hour movie or 
a 2-hour movie. I mean at the end of the day, it's about the passion and the 
connectivity you have with what you do. And hence, to that extent, there is a 
threshold of effort which is required, irrespective of whether it is making a little 
less financial sense or more financial sense. It's about screening in the first go 
whether or not you want to do a project, whether it is worthwhile doing or not. 
But thereafter, you can't be proportionate in the efforts and the attention that is 
required for a project. 
Every project requires time. Every project will require attention and energy 
and the passion and that's what we do. Once the project is taken up, I think it 
goes through the same rigor of execution, design, controls, etc. as a big or a 
small project. So comparatively, yes, you are right, but that's a selection 
criteria. Once it is part of your family or one of the members in your larger 
family as a project, I think it deserves almost the same amount of attention that 
comparatively bigger would need. 
So, in the short term, this is a constraint, but we would rather love to treat every 
single project with the same amount of rigor and vigour. Long-term projects 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
are long term, but then they get launched in phases. To that extent, the effort 
also get kind of scattered throughout the longer life span of such projects. And 
hence, it's not that disoriented an effort required on larger projects on a per 
square foot basis or a per crore basis of margin, etc. So it is a natural hedging 
and natural spread in that as well. But having said that, the project is a project 
and it needs attention in design, it needs attention in execution, etc., and that's 
what we do. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And sir, in terms of geographic spread, I understand very large, I mean 
as far as Ahmedabad is concerned, the scope for us to kind of go deeper into 
Ahmedabad and further, Bangalore also. I mean we are present, and we are 
trying to have go deeper into that market. MMR, we are still planning to kind 
of build the pipeline and even Pune seems to be kind of where we've been 
focusing for a while now. But I mean, given the fact that we're planning to 
spend Rs. 1,000-odd crore, and I'm assuming when you do PDM and it will be 
a combination of outright JVs, DMs, Rs. 1,000 crore seems to be a fairly large 
number of kind of invest and spend. 
Any markets other than these 4 that you would have evaluated in the recent 
past? And you would be willing to kind of go and try that market. I mean, for 
instance, I mean, we are one of the best when it comes to horizontal 
developments. And when I look at Gurgaon, at least for some time now, it 
seems like, I mean, there's demand for independent flows, plotted 
developments. And I mean the way it's been with the NCR in the past, right? I 
mean people there seems to be willing to accept or receive developers with 
proven track records. So would you be willing to kind of explore markets like 
NCR or for that matter, let's say, Hyderabad wherein people are willing to 
accept branded players with delivery track and don't mind paying a little extra 
to have that delivery comfort. 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. I mean, it's a great question in that sense. It's basically a question about 
balancing between width and the depth, right? There are opportunities all 
around us. One way to look at it is that all opportunities are right out there and 
we spread ourselves. But then are we spending too thin? That is a question that 
one needs to answer. 
And the second answer and the second way to respond to this question is 
whether we are deep enough in the market that we are operating or we are 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
targeting at this point, which are these 4 markets, to be forced to look around 
and go beyond these. So, the answer is that, yes, if you were to at this point in 
time with a Rs. 1,000 crore in our pocket, if you were to start looking around 
everywhere, we will be spreading ourselves too thin. And hence, it's a red flag. 
The other way that I said is whether we have penetrated deep enough for us to 
feel saturated. The clear answer is no. Today, we have some 6, 7 active projects 
in Bangalore, I think we can easily double them. Having 12 to 15 projects 
active in Bangalore is not -- even that is not deep enough. You know the kind 
of numbers our competitors are doing there. And I think we have to target 
something like that. I mean, we still have to go a long way doing that. 
MMR is an ocean, we're not even a drop, because we have not yet started. 
Pune, we are equivalent to a drop in the ocean and we test to expand. And 
Ahmedabad by the way, is one of the fastest growing and the kind of figures 
that we are seeing in Ahmedabad and the kind of investments which are 
flowing in. 
And some very, very specific things happening make us extremely bullish 
about the city in general, which is not only about the growth that this country 
in general is experiencing, but also specific Ahmedabad triggers are very, very 
strong. And a couple of those triggers actually get materialized. Then the 
growth and the opportunity here we see is extremely large. Again, we are not 
too big in Ahmedabad. But of course, it is one of the largest in terms of area 
being developed on a year-on-year basis. But I think there is still enough, and 
more depth left in, by the way not even almost touched the high-rise segment 
of Ahmedabad. Ahmedabad, we are known horizontal large townships, golf, 
very high-end villas, mid-price villas, etc. We are just about scratching the 
surface of Ahmedabad, and still it is taking up some decent numbers for us, but 
I think significant scope to go deeper in Ahmedabad still left for us. 
So I think we'll, in the medium term, only focus on these 4 markets. As a 
general knowledge and understanding and the dynamics, etc., we'll keep 
having a look at every single market being in the industry. But medium term, 
I think we'll be very, very focused on these 4 markets. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rishikesh Oza from Robo Capital. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, with respect to the launches for this year, are we looking to launch more 
than Rs. 2,000 crore worth of projects for FY '24? 
Kamal Singal: 
Are you asking this about the total top line projection of those specific projects 
which are under launches? 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Yes. Yes. 
Kamal Singal: 
For sure. Yes. We should be launching Rs. 2,000-plus crore, yes. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
And this should be totally our share, right? Like this includes the one that we 
have acquired and also the Sarjapur, Doddaballapura that we are going to 
launch. 
Kamal Singal: 
In JVs, we normally would have something like a 50% to 60% share and 
thereabouts. But the top line, obviously, is all ours. It all comes and sits into 
our books of account because we own more than 50%, etc. So, from the 
numbers and our books and balance sheet point of view, these will be the 
numbers coming into our books of account, Rs. 2,000-plus crore. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Okay. And with respect to the revenue recognition, my second question is 
about revenue recognition point. What revenue are we looking to recognize 
this year? Or how much deliveries are we looking to do in this financial year? 
Kamal Singal: 
Revenue recognition, I don't have the numbers to give guidance on. Maybe you 
could offline get in touch with Ankit, he will probably go through the query 
and figure out what is shareable, etc. with you. He should be able to help you 
to the extent he can on these numbers. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yes. So on the completed projects, can you give us a sense of -- we want to get 
a sense of what are the margins on just the completed projects. How are -- on 
the recent complete projects and do we see that trend continuing for the projects 
that we're going to launch and complete in the next 1 to 2 years? 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure. So our margins generally at EBITDA level, historically, I don't have a 
very specific exact numbers, but historically, they are more like a 25% and 
thereabout range, the EBITDA margins. And current portfolio is broadly 
following the same trend. If you want to do no specifics project-wise, etc. I 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
think they are there in the presentation or we don't share that. I mean Ankit if 
you could just be specific on this? 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. So project-wise margin, generally, we do not share. But having said that, 
we have clarified that a typical plotting project has X type of margin. 
Horizontal has Y type of margin versus a vertical. So with all the product mix 
which we have currently, we forecast that our margin should be 25% or more. 
That is what the guidance we've always been giving. 
Kamal Singal: 
And historically, that has been the trend. I mean we are 25% and more on an 
average basis across projects which are completed or which are even currently 
under execution. From project to project there could be a little variation here 
and there, but on an average, we can broadly say that this is the kind of margin 
that we are kind of earning. And the strategy today of selecting projects is 
broadly the same. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Got it. My second question was you spoke about the geographic expansion, but 
are you at any point in time considering to go lower down the rung in the sense 
for Tier 1 towns or something like that? Is that in the plan? 
Kamal Singal: 
Not in the short term, not in the medium term. Absolutely focused on these 4 
markets for the time being, at least in the short to medium term. And then to 
think about the rest of things, of course, then the Tier 3, etc., will be following 
the rest of Tier 1, Tier 2 first. So yes, at this point, no. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhananjay Kumar Mishra from Sunidhi 
Securities. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Just one question. This Rs. 1,000 crore we are going to invest with HDFC. So 
how much money already invested and from those, what kind of revenue 
potential is already created and how much money you're going to invest more? 
And what kind of potential you see? I mean that is -- overall, you get Rs. 5,000 
crore or revenue potential. So already -- how much money already invested? 
Kamal Singal: 
So, we have confirmed and committed to a Rs. 300 crore project from the 
platform already. And the balance around Rs. 600 crore is yet to be done for 
the rest of the year. And in addition to that, some of our own investments will 
also flow and that will add up to Rs. 1,000-odd crore. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
And you are right that in total, we are looking at something like of Rs. 4,500 
crore, Rs. 5,000 crore of top line. It greatly depends upon the product mix at 
the end of the day. What is more important for us is to make sure that if Rs. 
1,000 crore generates Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore and if that Rs. 5,000 
crore gives you a 25% margin, then the margin that you earn from Rs. 1,000 
crore is around Rs. 1,250 crore. 
So, what is extremely important for us is to make sure that we earn an EBITDA 
of Rs. 1,200 crore and thereabouts. But the same money of Rs. 1,000 crore if 
it is invested in plotting project, for example, it gives significantly less top line, 
maybe more like a Rs. 2,000 crore to Rs. 2,500 crore. And if we invested the 
entire Rs. 1,000 crore into a vertical project kind of segment, then Rs. 1,000 
crore gives you almost like Rs. 6,000 crore. 
So on an average, at this point, the projects that we have taken so far under the 
platform are more horizontal and plotting and hence, top line might not be that 
great. But in fact, they might be outperforming on this Rs. 1,200 crore bottom 
line per se or the EBITDA per se because plotting is turning out to be a little 
bit better in terms of EBITDA margins for us. 
And hence, to that extent, we are fairly on track on our margins. Do we have 
specific numbers on the Rs. 300 crore that we did, what is the kind of Ankit? 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes. So out of the platform, we have committed Rs. 300 crore in 
Doddaballapur and Fruits of Life projects. And so far, the revenue potential for 
both these combined together is Rs. 800 crore. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And margins? 
Ankit Jain: 
Margins -- project-wise, we are not giving project-wise, but they will be better 
than -- there'll be more like Rs. 1,250 and more on a Rs. 5,000 crore top line. 
A little bit better than that. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And upcoming projects, which -- where we are maybe in advanced stage in 
which we make moves in Q2, Q3 or Q4, So those will be on vertical lines or 
horizontal lines only? 
Kamal Singal: 
I think we are wanting to create a fair amount of balance between the 2. And 
going forward, I think you will hear from us both kind of projects being 
announced, vertical and horizontal both. Horizontal, of course, remains a great 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
focus area for us. But at the same time, I think we'll be adding a few very 
exciting vertical projects as well. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Okay. And lastly, in terms of -- I mean, you said that cash flow from one 
project, which will start immediately that can be invested for new projects. So 
in that sense, because our share is close to Rs. 350 crore and because of this 
reinvestment, overall balance sheet size will not stretch much, that is a fair 
understanding? 
Kamal Singal: 
Stretching of balance sheet size in what sense you said? 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Debt side, I mean our overall debt will not increase much when we create these 
kind of pipeline, let's say, Rs. 5,000 crore, Rs. 6,000 crore in next 1 year. So 
our overall debt size -- I mean our balance sheet will not increase much because 
of this reinvestment strategy. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, reinvest, in fact, will ease out the debt cycle if at all, as such we are 
negative today. But what happens when we reinvest, it means basically, our 
money and their money comes back to us in the platform with margins and 
profitability. Right? And that gets reinvested into the newer projects. 
To that extent, it is debt free in the essence, right? Apart from money getting 
reinvested and our money with margins getting reinvested in the same 
proportion as we had. And to start with the platform is not a debt product for 
us. And our own money with the margins is getting reinvested in the same 
platform. So it doesn't really add to the leveraging our debt levels and hence it 
actually helps in that. 
Ankit Jain: 
But the idea is not to keep the debt levels at a negative, and we will continue 
to leverage the balance sheet to optimize the returns. 
Kamal Singal: 
Today, it is negative, not a great idea. Of course we have to catch up with the 
investment cycle and make sure that this surplus is getting invested in the 
fastest possible instance that will happen. And at the same time, within very, 
very conservative and reasonable limits of leveraging, we'll be taking some 
bank funding so that there is an optimum level of capital and leverage and un-
leverage going into the business and create value for every stakeholder. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
But our net debt will never cross Rs. 500 crore mark. I mean, for at least next 
2 years perspective? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Kamal Singal: 
At this time, it's not something like anything more than that. We have always 
said the same very statement that, if at all, we will never cross more than 1:1 
debt equity. And in practice, we have never actually crossed more than 0.7 or 
thereabouts. So I think even when we start leveraging, it should not be even 
close to 1, it should be less than 1, but 1 is stated red flag for us. 
Moderator: 
We take our last question from the line of Shivam, who is an investor. 
Shivam: 
Sir, can you give us the guidance for FY '24 presales, what you are targeting? 
Kamal Singal: 
As a matter of policy, we don't give guidance specific. But just to repeat what 
I've been saying through various calls, we have been growing at a fairly 
consistent, healthy pace, and that growth rate in terms of top line, bottom line, 
EBITDA, fresh sales, etc., which are the most critical parameters to evaluate 
and understand the business and its trajectory. We've been growing at 
something like a 25% and a little more than 25%, 30%. 
So the idea is to continue with that momentum. On a higher level in scale today, 
I think we are putting all the blocks in place to ensure that in a percentage 
growth, we maintain that. And we are putting all efforts and resources at this 
point to ensure that we do that. 
Shivam: 
And sir, are there any pricing trends increasing in Ahmedabad market? Are the 
prices increasing in the real estate market in Ahmedabad? 
Kamal Singal: 
Prices generally have gone up. Our prices generally have firmed up. In fact, 
there is a general trend of built-up property and land-based properties, both 
appreciating more than 7% to 8% or more like 10% in certain cases that we 
would have seen in the last 1 year. And that trend is still quite active. So yes, 
prices have gone up, and they are still on a trajectory of going a little more up 
at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer 
session. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thanks. On behalf of the management, thank you, everybody, for participating 
in the earnings call of Arvind SmartSpaces and for your continued support. I 
hope we have been able to address most of your queries. However, if we have 
missed out on any of your questions, kindly reach out to Vikram, and he will 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 03, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
connect with you offline on any pending questions or queries or suggestions. 
Look forward to interacting with you once again next quarter. Thank you very 
much for sparing time. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
