 
 
 
LATL:CS:REG30:2023-24 
 
 
                        Date: June 08, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Security Code : 532796 
Symbol : LUMAXTECH 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call- Q4 & FY 2022-23.  
 
Dear Sir/Ma'am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held on Thursday, June 
01, 2023 to discuss the Operational and Financial performance of the Company for the 
Quarter and year ended March 31, 2023.  
 
The Transcript will also be made available on the website of the Company at 
www.lumaxworld.in/lumaxautotech   
 
You are requested to take the same on records and oblige.  
Yours faithfully, 
For Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
 
Pankaj Mahendru 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.- A28161 
 
Encl: As stated above 
PANKAJ 
MAHENDRU
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ MAHENDRU 
Date: 2023.06.08 
15:02:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Lumax Auto Technologies Limited Q4 FY’23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
June 01, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 1st June 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANMOL JAIN –MANAGING DIRECTOR – LUMAX AUTO 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK JAIN –DIRECTOR – LUMAX AUTO TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MEHTA – DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LUMAX AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS MARWAH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – LUMAX 
AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
MR. NAVAL KHANNA – CORPORATE HEAD, TAXATION – LUMAX 
AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH DUBEY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – LUMAX AUTO 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ANKIT THAKRAL – CORPORATE FINANCE – LUMAX AUTO 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYANKA SHARMA – HEAD CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS 
– LUMAX AUTO TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call of Lumax Auto 
Technologies Limited. A disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol Jain, Managing Director of Lumax Auto 
Technologies Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anmol Jain: 
Thank you. A very warm welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to our Q4 and FY '23 Earnings 
Conference Call. Along with me on this call, I have Mr. Deepak Jain, Director, Mr. Sanjay Mehta, 
Director and Group CFO, Mr. Vikas Marwah, CEO, Mr. Naval Khanna, Corporate Head- Taxation, 
Mr. Ashish Dubey, CFO, Ms. Priyanka Sharma, Head, Corporate Communications, Mr. Ankit 
Thakral from Corporate Finance, and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. 
The results and presentations have been uploaded on the stock exchange and the company's 
website. Hope you were able to view the same. I would like to begin this call with some insights 
of the economy and auto industry, followed by the operational and financial performance for 
the fourth quarter of FY '23 before opening the floor for questions. 
India's growth post-COVID '19 has been phenomenal. The estimate coming from various 
agencies are projecting a GDP growth rate of approximately 6.5%, which is the fastest in the 
world and will contribute close to 15% in the global growth. The economy is thriving, thanks to 
a combination of structural and cyclical factors resulting in India continuing to outperform its 
global peers and defy recession. 
Talking about the auto industry, we have seen a good recovery on back of tremendous 
resilience, innovation and robust market demand. The government's continued efforts to make 
India a global manufacturing hub for automobile brings up a lot of growth opportunities for the 
leading auto ancillary companies like us to tap advantage. Be it the PLI schemes or scrappage 
policies, the growth opportunities are immense. 
Improving per capita income, especially in the urban and semi-urban markets and the launch 
of more feature loaded models are nudging consumer preference towards executive and 
premium vehicles. On the passenger vehicle front, the trend is now shifting from sedan and 
small cars towards SUVs with the share of latter set to increase at a rapid rate going forward. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Indian passenger vehicle sales grew by 27% for FY '23 with easing chip shortages and improving 
supply chain globally, leading to new launches and better availability over the year. Commercial 
vehicles saw a high growth of 33%, registering sales of 9.4 lakh units in FY '23, compared to 7 
lakh units in FY '22. 
With government spending on infrastructure at record high, this segment is expected to see a 
good growth going forward. Two-wheeler sales also saw a growth of 19% for FY '23 with rural 
economy showing some kind of revival. Consumer preference is more skewed towards higher 
CC models compared to entry-level model. 
Coming to our recent inorganic partnership of IAC India, which is a Tier 1 interior systems and 
component supplier to key automotive OEMs in the country, including Mahindra, Maruti 
Suzuki, Volkswagen India and Volvo Eicher commercial vehicles amongst others. 
We have successfully completed the acquisition of 75% stake in the company in March this 
year. With this, we are now able to jump on the opportunity to combine our competitive 
strength across products and offer comprehensive solutions to our customers. With multiple 
synergies coming into play that brings opportunity for new customer additions, with cross-
selling of products would be the key driver of growth through this venture. 
Our key growth strategies with IAC will be to diversify and expand business with new 
customers, to penetrate deeper into existing customers, to unlock product synergies between 
lighting and plastic interior systems by leveraging the technical expertise of Lumax and IAC, 
leverage IAC India's strong engineering centre to design, develop new and innovative 
technologies and products, operational synergies across manufacturing excellence, capacity 
utilization and procurement and target to achieve higher revenues from EV platforms over the 
next three to five years. The IAC management team along with Lumax will certainly continue 
to drive the business going forward. 
Let me now move on to the operational highlights for this quarter. During the quarter, we have 
made the following new launches in the passenger vehicle segment, the gear shifter system for 
Maruti Suzuki, Fronx and Jimny models, seat frames for Jeep Meridian, for two-wheelers, 
chassis and frames for Bajaj Pulsar 150 Twin Disc model. And in the commercial vehicle 
segment, we have been able to add telematic parts for the truck and buses for DICV, the 
Daimler India Commercial Vehicles. 
Lumax has been outshining itself through various awards Pan India across categories. This year, 
our Pantnagar plant received a Super Platinum Quality Award from Bajaj Auto at the Bajaj Auto 
Vendor Association Convention in January 2023. The Bengaluru plant won the Bronze Award 
for Excellence in Manufacturing, Very Large Category at the ACMA, Atmanirbhar Excellence 
Awards held in March 2023. And Lumax Mannoh Allied Technologies, the subsidiary company, 
has proudly received two awards in the categories of Inner parts Localisation and Value 
Analysis at the Maruti Vendor Conference in May 2023. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
With continuous new launches by the OEMs, we have also been able to grab new business. Our 
content per vehicle has increased due to our presence across multiple product categories and 
long-standing relationships with all major OEMs in India. 
On the financial front, our consolidated revenues for the full year grew by 26% on year-on-year 
basis and stood at INR1,847 crores, the highest ever in the history of your company. Our EBITDA 
stood at INR224 crores, up by 37% year-on-year with an EBITDA margin of 12.1%, which has 
also been the highest ever. This includes financials of IAC India from 10, March 2023 onwards. 
Our growth entity wise has also been tremendous. Stating out a few, the stand-alone entity 
caters to Integrated Plastic Modules, the aftermarket business, the chassis and swing arm or 
two-wheelers, trailing arm for the three-wheelers and the two-wheeler lighting. The stand-
alone entity has contributed 68% of the total consolidated revenues for FY '23. 
During the quarter, the company received requisite approval of amalgamation from 
Honourable NCLT for merger of Lumax Mettalics Private Limited with effect from April 1, 2022. 
Thus, the financials of Lumax Mettalics have been merged with the stand-alone entity. 
Lumax Mannoh Allied Technologies is a 55% subsidiary, which manufactures manual, AMT and 
AT gear shifter system and has the market leadership position, contributed 16% to the total 
consolidated revenues. The company has also recorded its highest ever revenue crossing 
INR300 crores for the first time on the basis of both the value and volume increase coupled 
with commencement of manufacturing operations at Bangalore and exports for a global 
platform. 
Lumax Cornaglia Auto Technologies, the 50% subsidiary, manufacturing air intake systems and 
urea tank commanding 100% share of business with Volkswagen and Tata Motors, contributed 
7% of the consolidated revenues. The joint venture has also recorded a handsome growth at 
36% for the year and holds a strong order book and is very bullish for its performance in the 
next year. 
Lumax Alps Alpine India Private Limited, a 50% subsidiary for the manufacturing and sale of 
electric devices and components, including software related to the automotive industry, 
contributed 2% to the total consolidated revenues. We have aggressive growth plans for this 
JV in the coming years.  
I'm happy to share with you that your company is sitting on a healthy order book of around 
INR900 crores. 90% of it is in new business and out of which approximately 90% is in the joint  
ventures and subsidiaries. 
Now I would like to hand over this call to Mr. Sanjay Mehta, Director and Group CFO, to update 
you on the operational and financial performance of the company. 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I will brief on the operational and financial performance for Q4 and 
12-month FY '23. For FY '23, Integrated Plastic Modules contributed 26% of overall revenue, 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
followed by Aftermarket at 20%, Fabrication at 13%, Gear Shifter at 16%, Lighting products at 
8%, Emission at 7% and Others at 10%. 
Two and three wheelers contributed 37% overall revenue, passenger car at 29%, aftermarket 
at 20%, CV's at 9% and others at 4% for FY '23. For more detailed operational highlights, please 
refer our investor presentation uploaded on the exchanges and company website. 
With respect to financial highlights, the consolidated revenue was at INR493 crores for Q4 '23 
as against INR417 crores last year Q4, up by 18%. Q4 FY '23 includes revenues from IAC India 
to the tune of INR51 crores from 10th of March 2023. For FY '23, consolidated revenues were 
at INR1,847 crores, up by 23% over financial year '22. 
EBITDA margin stand at 12.6% for Q4 FY '23 as against 11.8% for Q4 FY '22, up by 80 basis 
points. Absolute EBITDA for Q4 '23 stood at INR62 crores, a growth of 26% on year-on-year 
basis. Absolute EBITDA for FY '23 stood at INR224 crores with EBITDA margin at 12.1%, up by 
130 basis points from EBITDA margin of FY '22. Q4 and 12-month FY '23 includes EBITDA from 
IAC India to the tune of INR7.4 crores from 10th of March 2023. 
PAT after minority interest for FY '23 stood at INR93 crores, which includes profit after tax of 
INR2 crores on account of consolidation of IAC from 10th of March ‘23. PAT margins stood at 
5% for FY '23 as against 4.6% for FY '22. The capex incurred during FY '23 is around INR132 
crores, which includes INR47 crores on account of leasehold assets, thus the actual capex 
outlay is INR85 crores. 
With this, we open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Abhishek from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Good afternoon, and congrats for acquisition of IAC India at a reasonable price. Sir, there are a 
couple of questions on IAC India. So what is the operating margin of this company excluding 
other income in FY '23? 
Anmol Jain: 
So the EBITDA margin is roughly about 16.5%. This is for FY '23 full year, that is fully operating 
margin for the company. 
Abhishek: 
So it also includes the other income. Excluding other income, how much is it? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
It includes other income, but that is not the… 
Anmol Jain: 
We will let you know the exact details later, but this one is including other income. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. What was the PAT number? Profit after tax number for IAC India for FY'23? 
Anmol Jain: 
We'll get back to you. We don't have this number ready, but we'll get back to you on the IAC 
PAT number. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Abhishek: 
And sir, regarding the urea tanks, you have started to supply this Volkswagen and Tata Motors. 
So how much is the current order book? And what kind of the growth you are looking from this 
business? What the norms have changed which will be positive for this company? 
Vikas Marwah: 
So, Abhishek, this is Vikas Marwah. Thank you for your question. Our FY '22 sales for urea tanks 
was about INR23 crores. And FY '23, we have gone up to about INR35 crores. We are expecting 
a growth of 15% year-on-year minimum on a conservative side for the next three years in this 
particular commodity. 
Abhishek: 
And what would be the margin of this business? 
Anmol Jain: 
The margin would be high double-digit. 
Vikas Marwah: 
It's a high double digit. 
Anmol Jain: 
High double-digit EBITDA margins. 
Vikas Marwah: 
And there are only two players in the country, only one besides us who is supplying this in the 
country. 
Abhishek: 
But this business is at very nascent stage and we're expecting a very high growth in this 
business, but you are saying that is only 15%. As the base is low don't you think that growth 
should be at a higher than 50%, 60% business, because the growth was quite... 
Vikas Marwah: 
We are currently participating in the commercial vehicle segment only. We are planning to 
expand into the passenger vehicles also for urea tank, and this is a very quality critical product. 
Being an emission-regulated product, we wanted to have the quality parameters right in the 
first three years. So we will now move on to the passenger cars maybe after one year or two 
years. 
Abhishek: 
And in the plastic moulded part, how much contribution from the four-wheeler business? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, there's a significant contribution. I mean, obviously, if you -- it depends what you classify. 
I mean, IAC is all plastic interior systems as well. But if you talk about the legacy products, there 
is a decline in the plastic business on a Q4-to-Q4 basis. That's primarily because -- or Q3 to Q4 
basis. That's primarily because of the HMSI volumes going down. But the four-wheeler plastic 
business with the legacy business is definitely growing, and we've added significant products 
from Maruti Suzuki in that business. 
Abhishek: 
And how would be the mix going ahead if I talk about on a stand-alone basis, four-wheeler 
business? 
Anmol Jain: 
Your question is unclear, Abhishek. Going forward what do you told? I didn't understand the 
question? 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Abhishek: 
So you won the business from the Maruti. So I just wanted to understand what is the size of 
the business and how the -- this will change in the plastic moulded part in the coming days? 
Because right now that -- most of the business comes from the two-wheelers only. Going 
ahead, the numbers will increase from the Maruti, how will be the mix? 
Anmol Jain: 
So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the company is sitting on a INR900 crores order 
book, out of which INR500 crores is from IAC, INR400 crores is from the other businesses. And 
out of the total pie of INR900 crores, almost 65% of the business is coming from passenger car 
segment. 
So that by itself should give you a clear indicator that going forward, the pie of passenger car 
is likely to move up further compared to what it has already come to. If you look at from the 
last two to three years, today in FY '23, the passenger vehicle segment is about 30% of our 
revenue and two-wheeler, three-wheeler is only about 37%. So it's almost net-to-net. Clearly, 
FY '24 onwards, with consolidation of IAC, this would hugely change. 
Abhishek: 
And my last question on the aftermarket business. So in last two years, the aftermarket 
business showed a very impressive growth. In this situation, how can we see the growth in 
coming years? It will be moderate to -- 8% to 10% or you will see double-digit growth in 
aftermarket business? 
Anmol Jain: 
I have always mentioned that aftermarket, our midterm plan is to double the revenue in a 
period of about three to five years. I mentioned this almost two years ago or 1.5 years ago. We 
are on track to achieve that. So you will continue to see a pretty robust growth in aftermarket, 
even in FY '24 and onwards. 
And Abhishek, just to come back to your -- PAT on IAC, that's INR61.5 crores PAT on IAC last 
year, FY '23. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Apurva Mehta: 
Congrats on the great set of numbers. Just wanted to know your long-term view of your 
company, where do you see your company in the next three years' time? We have lot of 
subsidiaries. And can you just let us know each of the subsidiaries where we look -- because a 
lot of subsidiaries are not started performing. So when can we see that going on stream and 
what is the road map of the subsidiary? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think very clearly, the stand-alone entity continues to grow even in the FY '23. If you see 72% 
is on the stand-alone entity. Stand-alone entity comprises, as I said, aftermarket. As already 
mentioned, that will continue to grow at a pretty robust handsome rate. 
Apart from that, the lighting business and the plastics business will also continue to grow, 
largely because of, A, new order acquisitions from four-wheelers and also certain technological 
changes in the lighting space, which we cater to only one customer being Bajaj Auto. Now also 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
the metallic being merged into the stand-alone entity, that itself also will grow. So stand-alone 
entity will grow at a pretty double-digit rate, at least better than what it has grown in the last 
three to five years. 
Coming to the subsidiaries. I think Mannoh and Cornaglia, both the joint ventures are pretty 
solid in terms of their order book. Mannoh continues to be the market leader for its product 
line, and we see a good traction. We have a good order book. So all the way to next three years, 
we see good growth in these two joint ventures. IAC clearly is one which we've just got into. It 
has a huge upside. It has, as I mentioned, a strong order book of already INR500 crores, which 
we are sitting on, which will get executed over the next two to three years. 
And apart from that, we continue to remain in dialogues with other key OEMs to expand our 
current share and also tap into other OEMs with providing them a value-added solution. So IAC 
clearly will have its own growth trajectory. And then, if you look at the recent joint ventures, 
be it the Lumax, Alps Alpine, which is also sitting at a very robust order book, the Lumax Yokowo 
and the Lumax Ituran. These three are the recent joint ventures and all three will substantially 
see scaling up in FY '24 itself because some of the order book will get executed. So I think we 
will be pretty much delivering on all and that is going to be visible very clearly in our FY '24 
growth story. 
Apurva Mehta: 
On FY '24 numbers, we should be around INR3,000 crores to INR3,100 crores numbers 
including IAC? 
Anmol Jain: 
I'm not sure what the number would be. But definitely, we will be having a significant growth. 
If you look at our growth in the last year, the growth was approximately 23%. So we would 
definitely be looking at upwards of probably 30% or plus growth in FY '24. 
Apurva Mehta: 
That is excluding IAC what you are talking about? Even IAC itself will be giving you a  turnover 
of INR750 crores to INR800 crores. 
Anmol Jain: 
Excluding IAC the growth would be maybe, almost close to 50-odd percent or maybe higher. 
Apurva Mehta: 
And the margin structure going ahead, do we see margins because we were at -- Q2 increased 
11.5%. And for the full year, should we expect to be at 13%, 13.5% kind of thing. 
Anmol Jain: 
So I think if you look at FY '23, we've already closed at 12.1%, where a significant part of it was 
self-driven without IAC really contributing much. As I mentioned earlier, IAC continues to 
operate at a similar or higher operating margin. 
So yes, I have always maintained that team EBITDA is our first endeavour. And surely, we will 
be able to expand margins both with the help of IAC and also with the traditional businesses, 
the operating leverage on higher revenue, scaling up of the existing joint ventures. So I think, 
yes, we will be definitely in the teenage --   teen EBITDA margins going forward in FY '24 
onwards. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kanika Kothari from Kothari Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Kanika Kothari: 
So my first question was that, we've seen fabrication revenues dropping from 18% to 13%. So 
is there any reason behind that? 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, it's directly linked with Bajaj Auto. The fabrication is clearly driven by Bajaj Auto's own 
volume. So if you look at Bajaj Auto, it on a full year basis has degrown by 8%, but we are mostly 
on the export models, which have degrown at a much larger rate because of the external 
dynamics in these overseas countries. So it's a short term, let's say, downfall. We definitely 
expect recovery in FY '24 onwards, but there is no business loss. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jehan Bhadha from Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Jehan Bhadha: 
Sir, my question is on the quarter 4 revenue growth number. If we exclude the IAC contribution, 
then revenue growth would be around 6-odd-percent year-on-year, which is comparatively 
lower than what our OEM clients have done. So any specific reason for the lower Q4 growth? 
Anmol Jain: 
You're right. Actual Q4 of '22-'23 would be about 6% on a year-on-year basis without IAC. The 
fundamental reason is based on our demand of the OEM. Bajaj Auto, which is the largest piece 
of the pie, also de-grew. Specifically in quarter 4 they de-grew by 4%. But again, certain models, 
which we were on, degrew much more. And also HMSI, if you look at their quarter 4, they have 
degrown by almost 25% to 27%. 
And again, a substantial part of our plastics business is dependent on HMSI. So it's just because 
of the two-wheeler volume drop, you do not see the, let's say, growth coming in quarter 4. 
Most of this growth has come in from the passenger vehicle segment, which has performed 
well and delivered on Q4. But again, it's a temporary phenomenon. We do expect this recovery 
to happen in FY '24, both on the two-wheeler and of course, the passenger car vehicle itself. 
Jehan Bhadha: 
Right. Yes. In fact, sir, for April and May, Bajaj Auto numbers have been very good also. But one 
more observation is that for the full year, most of the passenger vehicle and two-wheeler OEMs 
have guided for a high single-digit kind of growth number. Whereas our guidance is much 
higher. I mean, so from where will this growth come from? How much -- if you can divide the 
growth between stand-alone and the JVs, what will contribute to the overall growth of 30% 
that you are guiding? 
Anmol Jain: 
So number one, the growth for us is not necessarily just dependent on the volume. As I 
mentioned, there have been recent joint ventures, which will be scaling up in FY '24. So for us, 
that is completely new revenue that is, let's say, introduction of certain new models. So that is 
for the first time business, which is not dependent on the incremental volume from last year 
to this year. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Also, just to give you a number, without IAC, the growth is almost 15%, which we are envisaging 
between 12% to 15% for FY '24. So again, it is in line with what you see from an OEM's outlook. 
So if you dissect the growth in two buckets, one is with IAC and one is without IAC, you'll 
probably see a similar trend in without IAC piece. But again, as I mentioned, a lot of the joint 
ventures are scaling up, and that would add and also the aftermarket, which is not really 
dependent on any volume indicators from OEM, will continue to grow at a handsome rate. 
Jehan Bhadha  
Sir, so, if what I've understood is correct, stand-alone company will grow at around 12% to 
15%, and there will be a higher contribution from JVs, which will lead to much higher rate? 
That's correct? 
Anmol Jain: 
That's correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shubh Jain from Emerge Capital. 
Shubh Jain: 
My question is, sir, what is the net-debt, I think, from post the acquisition? And are we done 
already borrowing to fund the acquisition? 
Anmol Jain: 
Shubh, we'll answer this question, but I'm not hearing clear on speaker phone, but it's a bit of 
an echo in your voice. So after this, maybe there is another question, you could just come on 
the handset. 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Net debt is around INR147 crores. If I go with that -- my debt equity ratio, it is 0.2%, post IAC 
because we have taken INR375 crores loan of IAC. So that is why my gross debt right now is 
INR407 crores and net debt is INR147 crores. I think I'm able to clarify. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhishek from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, what sort of the synergy benefit do you see for a stand-alone business due to the 
acquisition of IAC, sir? 
Anmol Jain: 
So there's a lot of opportunity. I think, number one, from a product supplier, we are obviously 
getting into a whole system supplier to the OEMs. There is, obviously, as I mentioned, there 
will be a lot of synergies between the lighting and the plastic interior systems. Interior lighting 
is going to be an integral part of the whole interior solutions. So that is something, which we 
are expecting to garner with the OEM share going forward. 
Also, I think there will be a lot of synergies in terms of cross-selling of products. We do a lot of 
-- for example, the power windows switches or the steering angle sensors and the entire 
cockpit and the entire door panel is also done by IAC. So integration of these parts, also the 
gear shifter system, which goes under the central console. So the idea is to move up the ladder 
instead of giving multiple parts, maybe speak with the OEMs and get a complete modular 
system to be supplied, and that's why we're going to go up the value chain with higher 
contribution per vehicle and also the higher margins in the due course. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Abhishek: 
And are you paying any royalty fee to the IAC parent company because of the technology? 
Anmol Jain: 
There is no royalty arrangement and most of the technology innovation engineering reps in 
India, within IAC India. They have pretty much full competency and self-engineering capabilities 
where we actually do a lot of design services for the IAC global facility. So the dependability on 
IAC global is miniscule. Most of the innovation and engineering is done in-house within the IAC 
India design engineering centre. 
Abhishek: 
And how much is the imported content in the IAC India? 
Anmol Jain: 
t's negligible. More than 95% of the value chain is localized in IAC. 
Abhishek: 
And how is the mix export versus domestic, sir, in revenue, sir? 
Anmol Jain: 
Domestic play, we do some exports which are about -- close to 5-odd-percent or less than 5% 
of the revenues, but it's largely domestic play with a strong presence in the passenger vehicle 
segment. 
Abhishek: 
And is there any opportunity to enter into the non-automotive segment after the acquisition 
of the IAC India? 
Anmol Jain: 
We will continue to focus on automotive, Abhishek. We don't have any strategic plans to 
diversify into non-automotive. 
Abhishek: 
Okay, sir. And what is your consolidated margin guidance, including IAC India for FY '24-'25, sir 
-- '24, sir? 
Anmol Jain: 
So as I mentioned, think if you look at the current numbers, which we closed in FY '23, it stands 
at about 12.1% EBITDA level. My guidance is very clear that in -- with the operating leverage, 
we will get into the teen EBITDA margins and hopefully sustain that. So probably between 13% 
to 14% is what I envisage. 
Abhishek: 
So that's something around INR150 to 200 BPS margin expansion? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, probably looking at long term expansion in FY '24. 
Abhishek: 
And in oxygen sensor business, how is the outlook, sir? Any revenue from that business in FY 
'23? 
Anmol Jain: 
Which business? 
Abhishek: 
Oxygen sensor. 
Vikas Marwah: 
So on oxygen sensors, if we – please, refer to the earlier investor calls, your company continues 
to maintain an order book of INR125 crores, impacted by the regulation effect, but hoping to 
make up a bit of that revenue. Even in FY '24, we are hoping to be doing about INR20 crores 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
revenue this year on oxygen sensors, and then we'll have to wait till April 2025 for the second 
oxygen sensor to come into the vehicles and then gain traction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aryan Saluja who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Aryan Saluja: 
Sir, actually, I have a question related to cash flow. So as we have taken loan of around INR200 
crores to INR300 crores on long-term basis and almost INR150 crores – INR140 crores is other 
financial liability and current liabilities. There must be some interest cost also expected in the 
current year, and how you are planning to repay the current liability as there is not much 
growth expected in PAT levels as EBITDA is only 15% for IAC? And is there any chance of default 
on repayment of current liabilities? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
So I think I'll just explain right now, I'm having cash and equivalent almost around INR260 
crores. The interest in this year was almost around INR52 crores, which will go to INR75 crores 
in the next financial year. And as explained, we have a robust debt EBITDA. So I think probably 
the -- because the long-term loan is for one year moratorium, rather we are going to repay the 
loan back. 
Aryan Saluja: 
Okay. And is there any synergy benefit out of IAC acquisition? 
Anmol Jain: 
I think I just mentioned that five minutes ago. I'm not sure, if you were on the call, but I'll -- for 
your benefit, I'll just repeat that. I think there is a lot of synergy. Number one, there is a lot of 
cross-selling of products where we make a lot of products, for example, the switches, the gear 
shifters, certain steering angle sensors and other internal parts. Now we can supply them as a 
system -- as a consolidated system supplies to the OEMs on the door panels, on the IP. 
Also, the synergies are very clear that interior lighting space is something which we know best, 
and we can now sell the interiors along with the internal lighting, where Lumax can play a vital 
role, and IAC continues to front-end the customer with the whole internal dynamics. So these 
are two of the product synergies, which I foresee in the very near future. 
Apart from that, obviously, leveraging the relationships and the presence of Lumax across 
various OEMs, we will obviously open a lot more doors and try to grow the footprint of IAC 
with new customers as well as deepen the wallet share with current customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harshil Shah who is an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshil Shah: 
Sir, can you explain the potential of Ituran and Alps Alpine, how big their revenue can be over 
like three, four years and in the near term? 
Vikas Marwah: 
All right. So these are two technology-intensive joint ventures, and our company has very high 
hopes riding on the order book generation capabilities of these joint ventures. Ituran is 
telematics specific joint venture, whereas Alps Alpine is supplying mechatronic products. The 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
range is huge. Ituran gets into volume and value kind of a projection this year with a large global 
customer. We would not like to be very, very speculative, but we can assure you that triple-
digit revenue for both the joint ventures is foreseeable as early as next 18 months to 24 
months. 
Anmol Jain: 
And just to add to what Vikas mentioned, out of the INR900 crores order book, almost INR100 
crores is between these two joint ventures of Lumax Ituran and Lumax Alps. 
Harshil Shah: 
Great, sir. And sir, you just mentioned INR70 crores interest cost. Right, sir, for FY ’24? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Yes. INR52 crores, next year, it would be INR75 crores. 
Harshil Shah: 
INR75 crores. Okay, sir. And sir, what is the size of tooling business of IAC? Because this 
turnover that you mentioned is excluding tooling business, right? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Yes. 
Anmol Jain: 
So the INR675 crores number which I mentioned is excluding tooling, but the tooling revenue 
would be, give or take, similar in terms of the margins. So it will not really dilute the margins, 
which I mentioned earlier. It would just pretty much stay in the same vicinity. 
Harshil Shah: 
But like sir, can I take INR50 crores to INR60 crores of base, base figure for FY'23 for tooling? 
Anmol Jain: 
Yes, I think it's about INR40 crores, INR45 crores of tooling revenue for FY '23. 
Harshil Shah: 
And sir, the order book you mentioned is INR500 crores for IAC, right? 
Anmol Jain: 
That's correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shubh Jain from Emerge Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shubh Jain: 
Sir, you mentioned that the interest cost will rise from INR52 crores to INR70 crores. That INR52 
is currently the depreciation amount for this current year? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
I'm sorry, it is INR16 crores. 
Shubh Jain: 
Yes. So it will rise from INR16 crores to INR70 crores? 
Sanjay Mehta: 
Yes. Long term -- INR41 crores has been there. I'm sorry. 
Shubh Jain: 
No problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

Lumax Auto Technologies Limited 
June 01, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Anmol Jain: 
Well, I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. We will keep updating the 
investor community on a regular basis for updates on your company. I hope we were able to 
address on your queries. For any further information, please get in touch with us or Strategic 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you once again. Stay safe. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Lumax Auto Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
