www.ambergroupindia.com 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
Corp. Address:  
Regd. Office: 
Universal Trade Tower, 1st Floor, Sector 49, Gurgaon-1 22018 
C-I, Phase II, Focal Point, RajpuraTown-140401, Punjab
Tel.: +91 124 3923000 I Fax: +91 124 3923016,17      
Tel.: +91 1762 232126, 232646 I Fax: +91 1762 232127
Date: 23rd May 2023 
To
Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department 
of 
Corporate 
Services 
Phiroze 
Jeejeebhoy Towers Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To
Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code : 540902 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
Scrip Code : AMBER 
ISIN : INE371P01015 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript for operational and financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2023 
This is further to our letter dated 14 May 2023 intimating the details of Earnings Call with Investor/Analyst 
(Participants) to discuss the Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for 
the quarter and financial year ended 31 March 2023, held on Wednesday, 17th May 2023 at 10:00 A.M. IST. 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call Transcript. The same is also 
available on the Company's website at https://www.ambergroupindia.com/investor-events-presentation-
head/ for your information and for information of members / participants and public at large. 
This information is submitted to you pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, as amended. 
Kindly take the same into your records and oblige. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully 
For Amber Enterprises India Limited 
(Konica Yadav) 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer
Membership No. : A30322 
CIN NO. : L28910PB1990PLC010265 

Page 1 of 20 
 
“Amber Enterprises India Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE-This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recording uploaded on the stock exchange on 17th May,2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JASBIR SINGH – CHAIRMAN & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AMBER ENTERPRISES INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. DALJIT SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
AMBER ENTERPRISES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SUDHIR GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– AMBER ENTERPRISES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
(RAC & CAC DIVISION) – AMBER ENTERPRISES 
INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Amber Enterprises India Limited Q4 and 
FY2023 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Jasbir Singh, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer. Thank you and over to you sir! 
Jasbir Singh: 
Hello and good morning, everyone. On the call, I am joined by Mr. Daljit Singh, Managing 
Director, Mr. Sudhir Goyal, CFO, Mr. Sachin Gupta, CEO, RAC & CAC Division, and 
SGA our Investor Relation Advisors. We have uploaded our result presentation on the 
exchanges, and I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. Indian RAC 
market has grown to almost 8.4 million units in FY2022-FY2023 and poised to create 
healthy growth in the upcoming years owing to rise in temperatures, boom of residential 
sector, growing retail and hospitality sector, rising construction activities in the commercial 
and real estate space along with rampant expansion on SME and commercial hubs. The 
growing construction projects across the country supported by governmental spending 
towards infrastructure would eventually result in disproportionate demand for HVAC 
solutions by stepping up the transport infrastructure of the country such as railways, metros 
and buses. With AC industry peaking to a market size of 8.4 million in FY2022-FY2023 
and the continuous rising demand for air conditioners, Amber looks forward towards an 
optimistic and steady growth in coming quarters. This year we witnessed many brands 
shifting their strategies and adopting to in-source assembly rather than outsourcing while 
markets looked this change as a threat, we at Amber turned it into an opportunity by 
expanding our offerings under the components and subassembly segment. Owing to the 
raise in components and sub-assembly’s businesses, Amber during the year expanded its 
market share in RAC industry and manufacturing footprint level in value terms to 29.4% in 
financial year FY2023 vis-a-vis 26.6% in FY2022. In last five years, each division entered 
into adjacent fees. I am glad to announce that all divisional engines are firing well by 
expanding geographies, adding customers and products, and expanding its wallet share in 
existing customers. The company is marching ahead in its export initiatives, have started 
getting approvals from its export customers and expecting orders to flow in current 
financial year FY2023-FY2024. We remain focused on prudent asset allocation which 
results in better return on investment while balancing growth profitability and improved 
return ratios witnessing a strong 4% jump in ROCE in FY2023 which improved from 11% 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
to 15% and expected to improve further in the range of 19% to 21% in next two to three 
years time. Our networking capital days has improved to 29 days from 39 days largely due 
to better control on inventories.  
 
We closed our financial year 2023 at a net debt level of Rs.588 crores at consol level. 
During FY2023 we did a capex of 698 Crores at consol level that helped in increasing the 
profitability and improving the share of business in RAC segments and other divisions. 
Since IPO in FY2018, Amber Group has transformed from largely a RAC player to a 
diversified B2B solution provider. While RAC remains to be our focus segment our all-
other divisions such as mobility, electronics, motors and components are on a strong growth 
path contributing significantly in both topline and bottom line with good return on 
investments. We are currently witnessing a muted Q1 FY2024 due to unseasonal rain 
largely in the north part of India which generates large amount of demand during this 
period, however we are strongly hopeful to consistently grow our bottom line due to 
product mix change and operational efficiencies.  
 
I will now take you through the consolidated financial highlights. The revenue front, for 
FY2023 revenue stood at Rs.6,927 crores versus Rs.4,206 in FY2022 marking a growth of 
65%. For the quarter of Q4 FY2023, revenue stood at Rs.3,003 Crores versus Rs.1,937 
Crores in Q4 FY2022 a growth of 55%. On operating EBITDA for FY2023, operating 
EBITDA stood at Rs.475 Crores versus 296 Crores in FY2022, a growth of 61%. For Q4, 
FY2023, operating EBITDA stood at Rs.204 Crores versus Rs.133 Crores in Q4 FY2022, a 
growth of 54%. Operating EBITDA margins for FY2023 and Q4 FY2023 stood at 6.9%.  
Financial year and Q4 operating EBITDA is before the impact of ESOP expense and other 
non-operating income and expenses.  
 
Now moving to the divisional performance, RAC and component division. For FY2023 
revenue stood at Rs.5,074 Crores versus Rs.3,065 Crores in FY2022 marking growth of 
65%. For the quarter FY2023 revenue stood at Rs.2,371 Crores versus Rs.1,529 Crores in 
Q4 FY2022 a growth of 55%. For FY2023 operating EBITDA stood at 284 Crores versus 
178 Crores in FY2022, a growth of 60%. For Q4 FY2023, operating EBITDA stood at 
Rs.140 Crores versus Rs.91 Crores in Q4 FY2022, a growth of 53%. This division has 
added new customers during FY2023. This division has also realigned its strategy to offer 
comprehensive solutions in components and subassemblies in tandem with the strategy of 
RAC customers to insource the assembly businesses. We converted gas charging customer 
into complete manufacturing solution and also expanded geographical presence. On the 
mobility application division, which includes Sidwal for FY2023 revenue stood at Rs.422 
Crores versus Rs.289 Crores in FY2022 marking a growth of 46%. For the Q4 FY2023 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
revenue stood at Rs.113 Crores versus Rs.82 Crores in Q4 FY2022, a growth of 37%. For 
FY2023, operating EBITDA stood at 99 Crores versus 67 Crores in FY2022, a growth of 
47%. For Q4 FY2023 operating EBITDA stood at Rs.28 Crores versus Rs.20 Crore in Q4 
FY2022 a growth of 43%. This division is having a strong order book of more than 700 
Crores as of today. It commenced production of pantry systems for Vande Bharat Express 
increasing its wallet share and increasing in existing customers. It has done transfer of 
technology agreements in the plug door segments and gangway segment which will help in 
expanding their wallet share in the existing customers of railways and metros. And defense 
application for this division is also seeing a robust growth.  
 
On the electronic division which includes ILJIN and EVER. For FY2023, revenue stood at 
Rs.1,125 Crores versus 617 in FY2022, marking growth of 82%. For the Q4 FY2023 
revenue stood at 415 Crores versus Rs.245 Crores in Q4 FY2022, a growth of 69%. For 
FY2023, operating EBITDA stood at 51 Crores versus 26 Crores in FY2022, a growth of 
95%. For Q4 FY2023 operating EBITDA stood at Rs.21 Crores versus 13 Crores in 
FY2022, a growth of 53%. In this segment, the wearable  segment is witnessing a strong 
growth. It has also done the pilot lot of telecom products also have started. It has on 
boarded new customers in variable and telecom sectors and the room AC PCBA market 
share has crossed 20% of the complete RAC sector in PCBA and is consistently growing. 
On the motors division, for FY2023, revenue stood at Rs.307 Crores versus Rs.236 Crores 
in FY2022 marking a growth of 30%. For the Q4, FY2023 revenue stood at 105 Crores 
versus 80 Crores in FY2022 a growth of 31%. For FY2023 operating EBITDA stood at 
Rs.42 Crores versus Rs.25 Crores in FY2022, a growth of 69%. For Q4 FY2023, operating 
EBITDA stood at 16 Crores versus Rs.9 Crores in Q4 FY2022, a growth of 78%. It is 
expanding BLDC Motors now in ODU and WACs and commercial segment of heating, 
ventilation and air-conditioning. It is at advanced stages to add marquee clients in exports 
and also developing motors for newer application other than RAC segment. With this, I 
would now open the floor for Q&As. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Dhruv from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv: 
Congratulations sir on a great set of numbers. I had a couple of questions. One is that sir the 
growth that we have seen in the RAC business and the entire business in that sense as you 
mentioned about new customer addition, so if you could just give some indication as to 
what was the quantum of the growth that was driven by new customer addition and how 
should we look at it going forward. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Jasbir Singh: 
Good morning Dhruv and thanks. You know each division has actually added customers. 
So from consol level point of view the newer customers addition, we do not have a number 
right now but we can definitely come back to you at a later stage but it has all these new 
customers that were added has come in Q4 and that is the reason why Q4 revenue jumped 
significantly. We were in touch with these customers from last two to three years and as 
explained earlier the lead times to onboard a customer is quite high in our businesses and 
this was a very positive part from all the divisions’ perspective that has led to this kind of a 
growth. 
Dhruv: 
Sir, question on Sidwal. So your order book now is at about Rs.700 Crores and there is 
optimism all around railway and defense division, so from a say three to four-year point of 
view do you think that this business can double with respect to whatever you have been 
doing on the defense and the other application side also or you know it is just a one-time 
thing in FY2024, your thoughts there. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Two things happened simultaneously. One is that because Railway Ministry now is 
launching more of Vande Bharat Express which is completely air-conditioned train. Earlier 
only 29% to 30% of coaches were getting the air conditioned, so that is one shift which is 
increasing the addressable market. Second shift  is newer kind of trains in the metro lines 
which has been launched by Urban Development Ministry which is RRTS as well as the 
normal metro trains, rapid rail transit system so we have got approvals in all the three 
categories and what we are doing to further enhance our addressable market is to get into 
adjacencies like as I explained that we have entered into pantry systems for Vande Bharat 
Express. We have done a transfer of technology agreements for getting into doors and 
gangways which will enhance our offerings to the same customers so our offering in the bill 
of material of a metro will double. So from that perspective it will be right to assume that 
yes we can double the revenue in three to four years’ time. 
Dhruv: 
If you could just spell out sir just one small question, if you just spell out the capex number 
for FY2024 and FY2025. 
Jasbir Singh: 
FY2023, we have done Rs.698 Crores and this year we should we have planned for a capex 
of Rs.350 Crores to Rs.375 Crores which will largely be spent on four areas R&D and 
maintenance capex and also expanding the expansion of the subsidiary businesses and also 
brownfield expansion in the components and sub-assembly segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Ankur Sharma: 
Hi sir. Good morning. Thanks for your time. Just three four questions. One if you could 
give us the volume breakup for your RAC business for 2023 and if possible, between split 
and windows. Second you did mention that Q1 seems to be a little muted and we are aware 
that there has been unseasonal rainfall across North and a couple of other regions so if you 
could talk about a channel inventory, is it only in the north where inventory seems to be 
high or are you seeing that across other parts of the country as well and thirdly in terms of 
your overall industry growth itself for FY2024 are you can talk about number closer to 8.4 
million, 8.5 million in 2023 given summers kind of been a little weak to start off how do 
you see volumes for full year. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Good morning Ankur. Basically on the volume side we stopped giving the volume numbers 
because it has become a company sensitive information. We saw it in past that some of the 
customers they took the numbers and started renegotiating which was negative for the 
company. On the value terms as I explained that we have started seeing our offering to 
customers from a wallet share on the bill of material part so at 8.4 million numbers the 
market size comes to about Rs.25,000 odd Crores which converts into Rs.17,640 Crores in 
the manufacturing footprint level and room AC plus the room AC components we have 
done about Rs.5,194 Crores which comes to about 29% market share so that is on the value 
terms. Your second question on Q1 status, yes the demand is muted and we are all seeing 
very unseasonal rains in the middle of the May, temperatures in Delhi on 2nd of May was 
21 degrees so you can expect you know the air conditioner system but yes channel 
inventory is high as we speak today. We are hopeful that this will be liquidated in the month 
of June and July and on the overall industry growth we were optimistic that industry will 
touch about 17% to 18% growth, but now I think we are still hopeful looking into the 
lifestyle shift and power plus other so many other reasons industry should be in a 10% to 
15% range in the financial year end so that is our estimates. So 8.4 million should move to 
about 9.5 by financial year end. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Sir how do you see margins obviously if I may squeeze in one because especially on the 
standalone level our margins has at the EBITDA level, we used to be at about 7%, 8%, this 
year we are at a number closer to 4%, so given inventory is high, brands are facing pressure, 
not able to take price hike how do you see yourself I mean do you think margins can 
improve either because of price increases but I think that looks difficult given the brand 
themselves are suffering, so how do you see margins and obviously pricing. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Ankur I have been actually requesting each of the investors and analysts every time I have 
met in last five years that you do not see our balance sheet in the percentage of margins. 
Percentage of margins are complete function of commodities, currency and product mix. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Now what we see is the absolute number and that is what we are focused on so for us for 
example I go to a customer and he offers me to supply a Rs.100 Core business on the 
component side which is at a 8% to 9% margin but he also asked me to put about 70 Crores 
to 80 Crores of sub assembly which is actually a pass through for me so from my point of 
view the billing will be 180 to him but the percentage of margins will drop but I cant  say 
no to it, so as a solution provider, comprehensive solution provider we need to see the 
absolute number growth that is what I guided earlier has  been guided and I would again 
guide is that we look at the CAGR of delivering 25% to 30% of absolute EBITDA numbers 
on a year to year basis irrespective of the margins, on the gross margins. The gross margin 
on the standalone which you are seeing which is looking at a subdued level is primarily 
because we have added a lot of components business but other subassembly have also 
started getting added so today customers, most of the customers then move on lean 
manufacturing systems and they outsource much of the assembly part to customers like us, 
so that is why you are looking at the balance sheet shows you a number of 5% on the gross 
margin side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mr. Sharma. I request you to join the queue for any follow-ups. The next 
question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers, so my first question is you know on the market 
share which has now become 29% and we spoke about PCB is being about 20% of the 
industry so you know from the rest of the kind of components that we have say motors or in 
terms of the plastic molding etc what is the level of market share and on an overall basis 
how do you see this inching up to 29% or is this something that way we are starting to keep 
the ceiling. Number two is if you could just talk about the overall exports outlook on both 
motors as well as on EC and the motors the margins have inched up to 15% over the last 
two quarters so is this something which is sustainable and sorry if I may just lastly just 
squeeze on the capex number you spoke about 350 odd crores of capex in 2024, last couple 
years we have seen very aggressive capex cycle per se do you see that kind of tapering off 
and where do you see the net debt level settling into the next one or two years. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Good morning Bhoomika and thanks so I will start with your first question on the 
components sphere of business other than the inverter PCB board so I think on the motors 
front, PICL is the leading company today in the motors front we will be sitting somewhere 
about close to about 26% to 27% market share on the component side and in sheet metal we 
are the largest in the country giving solutions in the sheet metal side. We should be 
somewhere about 35% to 40% and then on the crossflow fan side again we are one of the 
leaders, again having about 25% market share so in each category of the components except 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
heat exchanger which is largely made in-house by customers we are enjoying a dominant  
here in the component side. Now your question about whether the 29% can go upward, that 
will completely depend, yes our endeavor is to take it upward, we have already jumped by 
almost 300 basis points from 26% to 29%. We will endeavor to move further inch upwards 
as we move ahead. On the exports of motors front it is growing steadily it takes about two 
to three years as I explained earlier to everybody for getting customer approvals because 
this is a functional component. We have received approvals from our customers and we are 
expecting to add two large customers within this financial year. On the sustainability of 
margins on the motor side it will completely depend on the product mix side in the 
percentage terms but yes there will be a definitely growth on the absolute number so BLDC 
motors they are little less in the margins, other than BLDC we are enjoying good margins 
so it will completely depend on what is the, but on the absolute nine number we are 
expecting a good growth  On net debt level we crossed that we closed the year at Rs.588 
Crores and I think we are expecting to close the FY2024 given the capex which we have 
announced despite of that by at least it will come down by Rs.100 Crores, Rs.250 Crores 
odd Crores in this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaokar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Sonali Salgaokar: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir my first 
question is regarding price hikes also with respect to the new BEE models that are there in 
the system now, so what is the quantum of price hikes that you have taken from January till 
now and also an extension to this question is the transition to the new BEE almost complete 
and have all channels now restocked the new models. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Good morning Sonali and thanks. On the price hike, there has been no price hikes because 
the commodities, it is more or less stabilized now and BEE norms everybody has adjusted 
all the inventories are well taken care of and it has been digested by the market so it is a 
new normal now. 
Sonali Salgaokar: 
Understand. Second question any update on the PLIs please. You have received two PLIs 
one in the normal category, one in the large category, any update you would like to share at 
this point in time. 
Jasbir Singh: 
We have crossed our threshold limits both on the incremental capex which was required and 
also the incremental sales so we peaked both the part of the PLI eligibility and we are 
eligible I think this financial year we expect to receive the first part of the PLI . 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Sonali Salgaokar: 
On the incentive what is your strategy on that. Would you like to share it back with the 
brand owners or retain it with yourself. 
Jasbir Singh: 
So we have not shared any incentives with the brand owners because there is no equity 
investments done by brand in the capex required by the government for getting eligible in 
the PLI and we are not sharing any part of the PLI with any of the customer. 
Sonali Salgaokar: 
Sure thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity International. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
Good morning. Thank you so much for your time once again. I completely understand that 
percent margins is not the right way to look at the business but if you look at the RAC 
division where you reported 284 Crores of EBITDA in FY2023. so I think going to FY2024 
and FY2025 you did indicate that you know we can grow ahead of the industry but just how 
will the EBITDA basically shape up because last time there was a lot of volatility in some 
commodity cost, product mix shape etc. so going to FY2024 if you could give us some 
sense in terms of how the EBITDA overall will go. 
Jasbir Singh: 
I think we are seeing a stability in the commodity cycle; I do not think there should be any 
further change in the commodity cycle and so we should  be able to maintain what we are at 
but yes we expect to see some kind of operational leverage because capacity utilizations at 
our new plants are little less which will also add some bit of margins going forward. 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it and just in terms of the ESOP cost that should be coming down like I am assuming 
that would have peaked out in FY2022 or FY2023? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So ESOP cost for the current financial year like FY2022-FY2023 is Rs.27 Crores and the 
current financial year which is like financial year 2024 we are expecting it is around 18 to 
19 Crores, it will start coming down over the period. 
Madhav Marda: 
What is the capacity utilization at our plant. Currently is there like a blended number that 
you have or any broad sense you can give us that will be very helpful. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Madhav each of the division is a different capacity utilization, about two greenfield 
facilities which we have just started, it was started in Sri City started in Q4 and we just 
ended up having 20% capacity utilizations but this year we expect the capacity utilization to 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
go to at 35%, 40% but other than that all the divisions are at different levels so on a blended 
basis I would say we should be at about 65% to 70%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora: 
Hi sir. Thank you for taking my question. I understand you will stop giving the volumes for 
the reason which you stated but generally in the last four or five years in the standalone side 
which is your RAC you have grown at 23%, 24% CAGR. What could be the industry 
CAGR in that case. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Industry has grown about 16% to 17% CAGR. 
Nitin Arora: 
What was the need of moving into the component side just a little structural question 
because one a company loses 400-500 basis points of margin, you become a very thin 
margin company on the RAC from about 7% to 8% to 4% , so generally as a business call 
when you are increasing the market share if you would have lost it, you would have moved 
to the other business in terms of increasing your content when someone is gaining the 
market then what was the need of coming to the component where you are losing out in 
terms of even ROE and ROC. If you can throw some light, I understand as a promoter it is a 
long-term call but generally does not add up the call that we are not losing market share that 
is the only question sir. Thank you. 
Jasbir Singh: 
First of all we should be very clear in what category of business we are in, we are a B2B 
company, we are not a brand, we are not a B2C company. In B2B businesses you need to be 
flexible in your approach to realign your strategies whenever a customer decides to shift its 
strategy. Our endeavor is to be thick and thin with the customers in their journey on long 
term basis irrespective of their strategies to insource or outsource so earlier the market was 
moving towards outsourcing, it peaked to almost about 41% of the industry was outsourced 
in FY2021 and then when the PLI got announced all the major customers decided to put 
their assembly units on their own. so, they plan to take everything in sourcing and the last 
year we saw that 41% opportunity came down to 35%, this year our estimate is it will be as 
low as 30% but they can come down to 25%. Now in this shift how can you grow more than 
the industry, now that has been always our endeavor that we have to outnumber the industry 
in value terms so we shifted our strategy proactively looking and we became very 
aggressive on the component strategy because we can deliver 70% of our bill of material to 
a customer other than compressor and other than wiring harnesses and packing materials 
that is the advantage of Amber and through our 25 manufacturing locations we are present 
now in entire geography of India wherever you want and this strategy proved very well now 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
tomorrow imagine if this situation get reversed we already have capacity for room air 
conditioners and we can deliver both numbers in the volume terms as well as in the 
component side whatever you want so we want to grow with you as a customer moving into 
as you are moving ahead in the market share perspective so on the market share we have not 
lost even a single customer it is just the strategy has shifted, so if customer has taken their 
assembling in house we have started to find them components. 
Nitin Arora: 
This is helpful sir, but generally as an outlook from here because your CAGR and EBITDA 
is a 3% you think this CAGR will start going up if the strategy is working well for you from 
a profitability? 
Jasbir Singh: 
I will go in line with the industry growth as are we are growing. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Tibrewal from Kotak Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Good morning Sir. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Good morning Pankaj. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
On the capex side, we have done a very aggressive capex over the last two years and as a 
result our asset turns and the shift in business suffered on the margin side and the resultant 
impact has been on the return on capital. Can you give us some sense on how you foresee in 
the next couple of years this metrics to start improving and what will contribute, a little 
more granular detail will be appreciated. Thank you. 
Jasbir Singh: 
I think green shoots are visible in the last financial year results, 400 bps increase in the 
return on capital employed largely because of operational efficiencies and this will 
continue, we are not going for any large capex like we did last year, so we will be having 
more cad-free cash flows in hand and the operational efficiencies and the control on the 
inventories all put together plus the product mix change will help us to reach to 19%, 21% 
level in next two to three years’ time. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Because when we look at the last few years you have done about Rs.1800 Crores to 
Rs.2000 Crores inclusive of acquisitions, capex everything but the profitability has not 
commensurately expanded accordingly so now you think that the capex cycle probably will 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
not be too that intensity and with whatever you are talking about on the industry and your 
growth should help you improve your return on capital is that the understanding right. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes that is right and Pankaj on a practical basis out of the Rs.700 Core capex which we 
have done Rs.698 Crore, large part about 300 Crores capex has been done in February and 
March. That results have yet to come so if I minus that you know our ROC is if you 
calculate I have already touched 17.5% but we are not talking about that. There is lot of 
capacity whenever you put up a plant greenfield facility especially it is larger part of the 
building plan but the real operation leverage comes over a period of years so that is right 
understanding what you have said moving forward we are focusing on all the areas for 
improving the return ratio. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Because when we look at the reported number it still looks high single digit about 8.5%, 9% 
so there still seems to be a long way to reach that 18%, 19% so I am not very sure that how 
that number of 19% in next two years is coming through that means the asset turn needs to 
really improve from the capex which you have done. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Hi Pankaj, Sudhir here.  How is it like 8% or 9% comes on the ROCE side. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Yes please. Capital expanded based on the overall. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
We can connect separately and just see that how you have calculated the number because as 
per our calculation it is coming to 15% for the current financial year. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Okay let us connect it separately and take it forward. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Sure. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Last one. On the outsourcing part which you spoke about when you look at one of your 
competition and their  AC revenues have grown multi-fold over the last two years and that 
traction still continues to be very strong, what is the disconnect kind of we are missing out 
there, the competition is talking about aggressive growth numbers but on the other side we 
are saying that that percentage is coming down. Are we missing something from our 
understanding perspective? 
Jasbir Singh: 
We are not missing anything Pankaj, we are just not onboarding lower margin businesses, it 
is a very cautious call which we have taken and that is the strategy. 
Pankaj Tibrewal: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikunj Gala from Sundaram AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Good morning everyone, so I have a two questions firstly again on the ROCE part so you 
know few comments which you made that your blended capacity utilizations are 65, 70, 
even if I adjust the capacity of Rs.300 Crores which came in February month from FY2020 
base sir our capital employed has more or less has become 1.8 times sir and during this 
period our absolute EBIT, the absolute EBIT is the focus and not the percentage so on the in 
during this period from FY2020 to FY2023 our absolute EBIT has hardly grown in tandem 
with the capital employed in the business so is it a right understanding that incremental the 
EBIT which is coming in is at a lower ROC than the earlier nature of the business. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Hi Sudhir here. If you see our capital employed it was 1,900 Crores in the last financial year 
and now grown to 2,542 Crores, a growth by 32%, whereas operating EBITDA 
improvement it is more than 60%. I tell you I think where the calculation is going wrong 
from your side based on the face of the balance sheet so there is some investment, cash 
investment in the bond, equivalent to amount Rs.191 Crores which you might not be 
considering to calculate the net debt level. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Okay because you know I was just looking like reported numbers at the equity side and 
even I was exploring the cash part but I take it offline to understand your 15% reported 
ROCE which according to our calculation comes hardly double the kind of a number okay 
and secondly. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
We are not taking cash in hand. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Even I was removing that part sir that core capital employed in the business and this is on 
the net block sir so even on the gross block it would be high single digit so in net block 
which currently we have highly depreciated one so at a gross incremental return on capital 
perspective I think it would be hardly double-digit kind of ROCE we would be making on 
the incremental capital employed. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
So on the incremental capital employed like Jasbirji  has mentioned that capex which we 
have done in the second half of the financial year, the green shoots of the same will be 
coming in the upcoming years, so it does not come in the same year like last part of the 
capex has been done in the Q4 as well. So you will see the better returns over the period and 
the latest capex will give you the more returns in the coming years. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Nikunj Gala: 
Just put it in a way different question than as of March whatever capacity of block we have 
sir, assuming like whatever the block we have on FY2023, what is the absolute EBIT you 
can generate on this block sir. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
Maximum EBIT that is very difficult, that need a detailed calculation to work on and give 
the EBIT calculation for the same but on the sales turnover like I said we can easily go there 
like from here we can reach around Rs.9000 Crores to Rs.10000 Crores with the current 
capex base. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Okay sure and just lastly in the presentation where you mentioned Amber’s value market 
share, the Amber sales which you have mentioned are the standalone numbers. As per our 
understanding this standalone revenue used to contain some non-AC component sale also 
right. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
This Amber sales includes RAC and RAC component. This Amber sales means Amber 
Group which includes RAC sale of Amber, RAC component sale of Amber, motor sales 
which used in the RAC, inverter PCB both for the RAC. This all includes complete RAC 
anything to do which we are offering to the customers. 
Nikunj Gala: 
Okay so this is not the standalone because the numbers were exactly matching with the 
standalone numbers so that is why I asked. It is not a standalone number right. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
No no, it is not standalone number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi good morning sir. I wanted to understand about the PLI schome. How are you going to 
book the incentive given that you have crossed the threshold limit, have you booked some 
incentives as it come in this year itself or will they be recorded once you receive it in the 
next year? 
Sudhir Goyal: 
We are following the accrual base of accounting, so incentive is already booked in the 
financial for the financial year 2022-2023, but since we have achieved that and since we 
have already filed the QPR as well with the government, so that has been booked in the 
books of accounts. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood and we have crossed the threshold limit is both the schemes, right? 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Sudhir Goyal: 
We crossed both the threshold limits of capex as well as sales. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
I mean for Amber as well as for the electronics business.  
Sudhir Goyal: 
No, no. Electronics we took the first two year as a gestation period so FY2021-FY2022 and 
FY2022-FY2023 is the investment period only, so capex we have already done and crossed 
the actual limit, so first year of ILJIN that is  electronic one for sales ratio will be the 
financial year 2024. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sir I was just wondering given that our capex numbers have been higher than what it was 
initially being envisaged, if I look at the large investment scheme also under the PLI 
scheme that could have entailed an investment of Rs.600 Crores which honestly we have 
already done so why did not we then opt for the large team and opted for global investment 
scheme or at least our incentives could have been higher. 
Sudhir Goyal: 
In the PLI scheme, the eligible capex is only the capex done for the component businesses 
not for the assembly line and not for the land and building as well because this Rs.698 
Crores includes a large part of the land and  building as well which does not falls under the 
PLI capital investment. 
Jasbir Singh: 
And Aditya over to that what Sudir has explained the large investment block comprise of 
compressor, copper and aluminum which we will not participate in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Good morning to the Amber team and congratulations on the good set of numbers. Just one 
question from my side so this year or probably over the past two or three years we have 
seen several new AC brands come in the market so I just wanted to understand in terms of 
the value market share gain that we have seen how much of this has been with those new 
brands as in can you share some number in terms of the number of brands that you are 
working with let say three years back and let say FY2023, some color on that. 
Jasbir Singh: 
We have got about close to about 26 customers in the home AC category and they keep on 
shifting as per their market shares and as per their requirements so it is very difficult to 
answer your question on the newer brands. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay and sir just one question on working capital. How should we look at working capital 
going forward over the next two or three years? 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Jasbir Singh: 
On our net working capital days, we are almost at 29 days from 39 days and I believe this is 
maintainable from 35 to 30 days. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Sure. Thank you thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anupam Goswami from SUD Life. Please 
go ahead. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Hi. My first question on the outsourcing industry you said how it was 41% two years back 
and now with the PLI scheme it has come down to almost 25% in this year on that note and 
also you mentioned about the industry size growing at 10% to 15%, so on that note our 
outsource unit market share or industry that is becoming flat and how do we see to outgrow 
that for Amber. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Let me give you again clear picture that we are a B2B player so we have to move 
accordingly, we have to realign our strategies according to the strategies of our customer. 
Now in our business model we have serious two large risks. First risk is the brands keep on 
exchanging market shares between them. Earlier from 2004 till 2011 LG was the 
undisputed leader, then Voltas became the leader, now we do not know who is going to be 
the leader in next couple of years. So our offering from that perspective is we are supplying 
to all the major brands that shift does not impact us. Second is their strategy of insourcing 
outsourcing that can shift anytime that is we do not control, so whenever they want to shift 
their strategy to insourcing or outsourcing, we need to realign our strategy so it is irrelevant 
today to look at the numbers of volume terms. From our perspective from a B2B player 
perspective it is important to see are we growing with the customer or not. If I have done 
Rs.200 Crores business last year am I doing Rs.300 Crores business this year or not in case 
he is doing so that that is what we look at. How does it matter to us whether I am supplying 
70% of raw material or 100% of raw material, in finish good format, it does not matter to 
us. For us, the wallet share in the customer matters and the growth with them matters, that is 
what we focus on. 
Anupam Goswami: 
Okay and how is that has grown with the same customer bill of material growth. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes it has grown, that is how we have increased our share from 26% to 29% in the whole 
industry range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from OHM Portfolio 
EquiResearch. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Jayesh Shah: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one basic question. When you have shifted 
your strategy from outsourcing to insourcing with components and assemblies, in terms of 
absolute ticket size per customer I am talking of say unit value, does it go up or go down. 
Jasbir Singh: 
It completely varies from customer to customer. If customer wants to supply, they want us 
to supply some assemblies also then it is almost on the same part because earlier they were 
supplying compressors so that is a pass through other than that we are supplying 
components in a separate bit it becomes almost similar but if customer chooses not to take 
all the kind of components from us, they want to take few of the components from us then it 
will reduce so it will vary from customer to customer. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Understood and what has been generally your experience with your customers. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Generally, experience, so I can give you example of one Korean customer when they took 
their business in-house, we were doing about Rs. 156 Cores business with them while 
supplying ACs but when they shifted their strategy to in-house today we are supplying them 
almost Rs. 600 Crore business of components to them, so it completely varies because it 
opens up our door to many folds when we start supplying components, not only in their 
room air conditioner division but their other divisions also start buying components from 
us. 
Jayesh Shah: 
That is helpful, so in another way do you look at value-add per customers which come to 
you or accrue to you as margins is it going up every year, is that how you look at your 
business. 
Jasbir Singh: 
That how, that is the main part which we look at, that one is are we growing in tandem with 
their growth so if customer has grown by 20%, are we growing more than that. If I am 
supplying, I was supplying one component to them and I am supplying three components to 
them today, my growth will be more than that with the same customer and plus the value 
comes in the bottom line what we are generating earlier and what we are degenerating today 
with that customer. 
Jayesh Shah: 
So lets say your margin per customer, your top 10 customer has it remained constant or has 
it changed. 
Jasbir Singh: 
No. it keeps on varying. It completely depends on the performance matrix, what kind of 
product mix they are wanting us to supply them so we need to be geared up to deliver them 
any kind of mix of components versus kits versus finished goods whenever they want, so 
that is the strategy and margins will keep on varying. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur: 
Thank you. Congratulations to the team for great results. Sir first question is on the RAC 
growth. You have mentioned that RAC and component segment, company will outgrow the 
industry, now when you talk about say 10% to 15% kind of growth for the industry and 
higher channel inventory so generally we have seen some kind of lag in our growth when 
inventory is high in the system so what will drive our growth faster than the industry growth 
and will that be back ended since inventory is high or would be high in the first half. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Largely what we do is we keep on horizontally deploying our complete range of 
components with the customers so for example I am supplying customer A only motors and 
heat exchangers, now this year I have started heat exchangers, motors I was already giving 
we have started supplying them sheet metal and cross flow fans so my offering to them 
increases irrespective of their even if they do not grow my business will grow with them, so 
that is what we are doing with almost every customer, that is why we are saying that we 
will outnumber the industry. 
Keyur: 
Okay okay so that commentary that is there in the presentation also that relates to the entire 
consolidated business or I thought this is the for standalone business where it mentions that 
will grow faster than the industry growth. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. This is on a standalone basis. 
Keyur: 
Okay so basically even that also will be say driven by the component in the standalone 
business, faster growth will be driven by components. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. It can happen also finished goods. For us it matters that if for example customer A is 
growing by 20%, are we growing 25% with them or not so that is what we need to see. 
Keyur: 
But you are confident of outgrowing the industry. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes. Last year also everybody was skeptical about Amber that every customer of our side 
started their own factories who will procure material from Amber but we improved 
everybody that the strategies of derisking is right and we have outnumbered the industry. 
Industry has not grown by 60% but Amber has grown by 65%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is 
on the motor division. Can you help us understand what is the size of the industry, what 
kind of growth do you expect from the industry and what is the kind of market share that 
you have within the space, how many competitors are there and also what is the 
contribution of the AC motors? 
Jasbir Singh: 
We are competing with Japanese company called Medak and then there is an American 
company called Regal Beloit, which was earlier GE Motors Marathon, they compete with 
us and of course a large part of motors continue to be imported from China. So large part of 
the competition is in from China not from India but on the overall size I think at 8.4 million 
numbers, the motors we sell is close to about 1000 rupees per AC so that is the market size 
we are talking of today of the complete, out of that almost 60% of motors are imported from 
China and other divisions. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
So what kind of growth are you expecting sir? 
Jasbir Singh: 
We are expecting close to about 30% to 35% growth in motor division, largely because we 
are expanding our offering not only in RAC but other part of heating ventilation and air 
conditioning products and also some bit of exports are opening up for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod Chari from BOB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinod Chari: 
Yes. I think my question has been answered. My question was similar to what was asked 
earlier in terms of your margin profile I think FY2018 you are at close to 9% margins in the 
AC and component business, and now we have gone down to 6%, so again this is the same 
thing. It is like a structural margin that we are looking at these levels. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Margins actually percentages of margins does not matter to us, so what matters is the 
absolute growth because we do not define what customer wants from us, we supply what 
they ask so their subassemblies can increase, their kits can increase, I mean for example if I 
am supplying a fully finished goods and in that compressor and heat exchanger is getting 
supplied by customer, I cannot demand a margin on that part of good, but my billing will be 
to a tune of close to complete AC but whereas in other cases on the component side you 
know so what we see is the blended basis of the absolute numbers with the same customer. 
Vinod Chari: 
Because I think your component has grown at almost three times the rate at which the AC 
business has grown in the last five years so is that contributing to a lower margin profile is 
what I wanted to understand. 

 
 
 
Amber Enterprises India Limited 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Jasbir Singh: 
No no, it is basically subassemblies, it is components, it is also electronics also. We have 
electronic division which is at about 4.5% EBITDA level so there are many factors which 
says diversified company today, so we have businesses ranging from 4.5% to 23% EBITDA 
levels. 
Vinod Chari: 
Lastly on working capital. How is your working capital ex-Sidwal and what is Sidwal’s 
working capital. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Sidwal’s working capital is actually it is 110 networking capital days, but on a console level 
it is 29 days. 
Vinod Chari: 
Okay and what is the ex-Sidwal ROC that you have currently. 
Jasbir Singh: 
We have not calculated that. We will let you know separately. 
Vinod Chari: 
Okay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints that would be our last question for 
today. I now hand the conference back to the management for the closing remarks. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Jasbir Singh: 
Thank you everyone for joining on the call. I hope we have been able to address most of 
your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with SGA, our investor 
relations advisors and have a good ahead. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Amber Enterprises India Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
