 
 
 
 
 
SIS Limited  
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
Date: August 1, 2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q1 FY24 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call for Q1 FY24 held on July 27, 2023. The 
transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://sisindia.com/financial-results-
presentations/.   
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
 Pushpalatha K 
 Company Secretary 
 
PUSHPA 
LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed 
by PUSHPA 
LATHA KATKURI 
Date: 2023.08.01 
17:15:22 +05'30'

 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                   Page 1 of 12 
 
“SIS Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript” 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIS LIMITED  
 
MR. DEVESH DESAI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT BAKHSHI – PRESIDENT M&A, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND VENTURES – SIS LIMITED 
 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SIS Limited Q1 FY24 earnings conference 
call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharat Bakhshi, President M&A, Investor Relations and 
Ventures from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bharat Bakhshi. 
Bharat Bakhshi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 FY24 earnings call. Along with 
me, I have our Group Managing Director, Rituraj Sinha; and our Group CFO, Devesh Desai. I 
hope everyone had a chance to look at our results and the earnings note, which has been uploaded 
on the stock exchanges and the company's website.  
We are very happy to report that FY24 has started on a very positive note. As you would have 
seen, revenue is up 11% over the same quarter last year. 
And importantly, EBITDA is even higher at 15% over the same quarter last year.  
As you would know from the last several calls, internally, there has been a tremendous focus on 
margins for us. And clearly, the results are now showing. Our India Security business has seen 
EBITDA margins increase significantly over the same quarter last year where it was 4% to now 
5.4% this quarter. So that's an improvement of 1.4%, which obviously is significant in our 
business. 
And this EBITDA margin improvement in India Security came even with a solid revenue growth 
of 16% for the business. Revenue growth has also been very solid in the other businesses with 
facility management growing at 21%. Cash also has continued the strong growth at 24% -- with 
EBITDA margin now increasing to 15.7% in the Cash business. So again, while Security, of 
course, has been our main business, but FM and Cash also now are becoming very significant 
and continue to show tremendous growth potential over the coming years. 
Overall, we are I would I think it's safe to say we are very happy with the business momentum. 
With this, I will turn it back over for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Vidit Shah from IIFL Securities. 
Vidit Shah: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question was in the International business I see that 
there’s been another wage hike that is going to be effective 1st of July of 5-odd percent. Does 
that mean that in the near term, margins will again fall in this business? And will it get covered 
only once these are passed on to customer contracts with a little bit of a lag? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Hi, Vidit. This is Rituraj. I think it would be prudent to remember that wage hike has to be passed 
through first and the price hike follows thereafter. There is a time lag effect. Having said that, 
we have already started negotiating with clients, and these are not exceptional developments, 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 3 of 12 
price / wages hikes like these come through each year. So, I believe that pass-through will 
happen seamlessly, but there will be a time lag effect, which I think you should bear in mind. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And my second question was on the FM business. So, we've grown 
very handsomely ever since we've gotten out of COVID, but from 2Q onwards the base becomes 
significantly large. So, do we expect like this greater than 20-odd percent growth rate to continue 
for the rest of the quarters as well? Or can we see some moderation in growth given the larger 
base? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think as the base increases, there is always going to be moderation in percentage terms, but in 
absolute value, I think FM will continue to grow greater than the previous year. 
Vidit Shah: 
Got it. And any sense of margins that you could give in the FM business, they've improved from 
the absolute lows, but they're still way off what they used to be pre-COVID? Any timelines that 
you could share or when we can expect getting to 5.5%, 6-odd percent.? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I don't think it’s fair to share a specific timeline because these things are constantly 
evolving. But as you can see, trend-wise, whether it is the Security business in India, which was 
at an all-time low margin a few quarters back and has now moved up from like 3.8% to 5.5% 
odd. Similar actions are underway in FM as well, and we are hopeful that FM will follow suit 
the way Security numbers have shown, but it'd be hard to give you a specific timeline or time 
frame. 
Vidit Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. Just one last question for me if I can squeeze that in. I wanted to understand, 
we've had some dent on our OCF this quarter because of the increase in DSO days. So, do we 
expect the DSOs to normalize by the end of the year? Or is this now the nature of business or 
the industry going forward that we must work with certain higher level of the DSO days? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
No, no. I think this is transitional. As you all know that year-end, 31st March, there's a big push 
for collections and customers also sort of respect that year-end timeline. Generally, we see 
slackness in April and May, which should be picked up in June, but hasn't been done in this 
quarter. I think this will level out in the coming quarters. This is not a permanent change. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Hi and thank to the opportunity. So, my first question is on the Security Solutions business. So, 
in this, we have seen significant improvement in our margins. So, is this margin because of the 
change in the business mix that we're having, so higher demand for like technological solutions 
and ManTech -- or is it because of the pricing negotiations that we had, or pricing increases we 
had with the customers? And in terms of the margin levers, are we seeing still some kind of 
margin expansion or in terms of the levers? If you can tell us what levers are exhausted and what 
levers are remaining? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
This is an outcome of various initiatives. And they range from review of our contract portfolio 
where we execute some low-margin contracts for the customer who is not looking to uprate. So 
there's shuffle in the contract portfolio, there's also price renegotiations with clients, which has 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 4 of 12 
resulted in margin uptake. There are also new contracts at better margin levels, which has helped. 
There is the solution business, less manpower, more technology revenue that has come through, 
which is showing impact, especially on the alarm monitoring side. And lastly, there is also 
SG&A actions. So, what you see the movement from 3.8% to 5.5% or 5.4% this quarter is the 
result of multiple actions. And we cannot attribute this to any single driver per se. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, on the Australia business, as you mentioned, that there is a wage hike that is 
coming in. But in terms of the new order wins that we had and mentioned in the PPT on $86 
million of monthly revenue. So, if I calculate, this is around 8% of the total revenue on an 
annualized basis. Have these numbers started to come in, in this quarter? Or this is the net new 
win from a net new customer or from existing customers? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, again, like I said, it’s a blend of various developments, but I mean, the more important 
thing is that first quarter all the International business reflects the steady-state operation of the 
various SBUs that are in this segment, whether it's in Singapore, Australia, New Zealand. And 
some of the segments are clearly showing uptrend with the labour supply situation easing. And 
if that continues, then hopefully, that will auger well for the general performance. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is on the change in working capital or the OCF impact. So, like 
most of the working capital increase that has happened, has happened in the India Security and 
the International Security business. So, is it -- there is some kind of seasonality involved in this? 
Or are we expanding, or the margin expansion is related to some kind of working capital 
exposure or increasing working capital exposure having higher influence? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think I strongly advise against reading too much into the DSOs of this quarter. There is no 
correlation between margin uptake and us conceding greater working capital to customers. Our 
terms of engagement remains the same. This is simply a slip-up in collections in this quarter, 
which also is attributable to an extent to Q4 year ending where we had bumper collections. I 
think this will level out in the coming quarters, like I said earlier. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Chirag from Keynote Capitals, please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just one basic question I wanted to understand first was, what 
is the reason behind having a lower operating margin in International business compared to India 
business? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
That is largely attributable to the labour cost situation in that market. Our labour cost ratio in the 
Australian operations is upwards of 85%, which is the structure of the market. So, all the mature 
markets, if you see globally, which are highly regulated labour markets whether the U.S., U.K. 
or Australia, if you see the results of G4S or ISS or Prosegur for that matter, which are basically 
operating in mature markets. You will see that because of higher labour cost ratio, most of them 
will be operating at 5%, 5.5% EBITDA margin range. Our business in the international markets 
like Australia has traditionally operated at 4.5%, 5%, broadly in that range, and we expect that, 
that will be the continuing trend. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 5 of 12 
Chirag: 
Okay. Sir, second question I wanted to understand, is there any one-off expense in last year same 
quarter related to other expenses? Because I'm just able to see that we are able to significantly 
lower down our cost, but our sales have shot up. So is there any one-off... 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Devesh would you like to take that? 
Devesh Desai: 
Yes, I don't think there was any one-off expense in the last quarter same year. But if you want, 
I can just check that and get back to you separately. 
Chirag: 
Sure. 
Chirag: 
And some colour or any guidance that you would like to give for the year FY24, like we have 
been laser sharp on improving our margins at this moment. Any particular guidance that you 
might be able to target for this particular year in terms of sales growth and margin... 
Devesh Desai: 
Can you repeat the question? It wasn’t very clear. 
Chirag: 
Yes. I'm asking that is there any guidance from your end related to sales growth for FY24 
compared to FY23. Secondly, we have been laser sharp on margins that we will continuously be 
focusing on improving the margin category compared to last year, and we have already started 
seeing in the first quarter itself. So, do you have any kind of guidance for FY24? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Like I said in the past repeatedly, we have demonstrated in the first year post COVID, first full 
year post-COVID there was no effect of any lockdown or COVID impact, which was FY23 in 
that first year post the COVID impact, we have demonstrated Security business growing at over 
20% and FM and Cash going at more than 30%, 35% year-on-year organically in India. So 
clearly, the capability to grow rapidly has been demonstrated in the market scenario and strong 
organic growth is also evident. 
Our focus this year is clearly on improving our margin profile. I believe that does not necessarily 
mean that revenue growth is no longer a priority, but we are overweight on margin improvement 
this year. And obviously, you will see, hopefully, the trend playing out. As regards to any 
specific guidance for revenue growth and margin number for the year we refrain from guidance 
generally. 
Chirag: 
Fair enough. Thank you for answering this. And sir, last one question I wanted to understand. 
Last year same quarter, our employee expense as a percentage of sales were about 80% -- and 
this year, Q1 FY24, it is about 81.7%. 
And still, we have been able to improve our margins. So can I expect that the newer contract 
that you are about to start with is further going to improve this percentage cost of employees and 
leading to about 30, 40 bps improvement in EBITDA margin. Can I expect that? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
You are free to assume anything, you feel like, my friend. 
Chirag: 
So, I'm just trying to understand, is that the case that is going to take place? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 6 of 12 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Like I said... I've already given you a long list of all the actions that are under play to fix the 
margin profile of the Company. I have repeatedly commented that there are no structural changes 
in the industry that have resulted in lower margin profile. We maintained the same gross margin 
level in the business, that we were maintaining pre-COVID. All the trouble happened at the 
SG&A level and also some contract decisions that were not ideal in FY22 and FY23. 
We are correcting that. And because of all these blended actions, you'll see us going back 
hopefully to pre-COVID level of margins. So, if you see Security, pre-COVID level of margin 
was 6% ballpark, same for FM. So that's our endeavour to go back in that direction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Mehra from Guardian Capital. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Thank you for giving this opportunity. I wanted to understand what caused this revenue decline 
in the Australian security. So was it the focus on margin? Or are there some other factors at play? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I don't think there's a case of revenue decline in international business, even as the numbers -- 
sorry? 
Mohit Mehra: 
Quarter-on-quarter, not year-on-year. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I don't think there is any significant change. There is maybe some temp businesses that have 
gone off. There aren’t any permanent contracts that have moved out majorly. Yes, the new 
contract starts have been delayed. And hopefully, that will correct in Q2. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Okay. To one of the previous participants, you had mentioned that problem that occurred in 
FY22 and '23 were elevated SG&A cost which impacted the margin. So, what were the elevated 
costs and how are we keeping them under control? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So in FY22, obviously, the key focus was to bring growth back. And the first thing that happened 
is that -- we topped up sales force and our branch costs because we wanted to push growth. At 
the same time, a lot of other expenses related to travel, increment backlogs, etc., which were 
subdued during COVID years also came back very drastically.  
All of these things put together bloated the SG&A line. As FY23 demonstrated growth, some of 
that higher cost on SG&A side, obviously got justified because the revenue moved up 
correspondingly. And some places where we had made excesses, we had trimmed down 
subsequently. So that's why you see the overall percentage margin coming back in the recent 
quarters. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Got it. And one final question from my end. So, if we look at our projections, what tax rate 
should we bake in? 
Devesh Desai: 
So, this is Devesh here. If you want to look at the tax rate, I think you should take guidance from 
the full year last year and use that as guidance rather than using a quarter-to-quarter rate, which 
gets distorted a bit due to the impact of 80JJAA accounting and benefit. It's a typical accounting 
and benefit computation which takes place. If you look at it on an annual basis, I think you'll get 
a better of idea of the effective tax rate. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 7 of 12 
Mohit Mehra: 
Okay. So around 22% is fair, right? 
Devesh Desai: 
22% is not the effective tax rate. 
Mohit Mehra: 
Okay? So, this was the last year, right? 
Devesh Desai: 
So, if you look -- if you look on a stand-alone basis, on a stand-alone basis, if you look at the 
table in the earnings note, it's zero. And if you discount the deferred tax impact, it's a 22% 
increase over the previous quarter and a 44% increase over the previous year. But I am happy to 
take you through it separately and help you figure out how to look at the effective tax rate. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rahul Yadav an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Yadav: 
Thank you so much for taking question. First, congratulations on great set of numbers. As per 
the earning release Q1 FY24, what we can see is the rapid ramp-up happening in VProtect 
business, and probably that involves some capex, as mentioned in the capex note. I just wanted 
to understand what kind of margins and return profile are we seeing on that business. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
The VProtect alarm monitoring business has demonstrated capability to deliver double digit 
EBITDA margin. And most of the contracts that they've secured are in double-digit EBITDA 
margin. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Keval Shah from Banyan Tree Advisor. Please go 
ahead. 
Keval Shah: 
Thanks for taking question. My first question is on the Facility Management margin. First, the 
margin trajectory, like we have been growing at 20% plus, but if you see the margins, they have 
been close to flat. So, what is causing the delay in reverting to pre-COVID levels as we saw in 
the Security Services in India? But we are not seeing in the FM segment. So, like... Any colour 
on what is happening to the FM segments? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
I think -- so first thing that you must recognize is that in our line of business, basically revenue 
is nothing about the basket of contracts, right? So, there may be 5,000 contracts in the security 
basket, for example. And then you have to go clean that up contract by contract, which contracts 
you need to loose, which contracts you need to uprate, which contracts you need to reprice, 
which contracts you need to -- and then you also need to top up some 100, 200, 500 contracts in 
that basket of 5,000 contracts as new additional contracts, which are improving the margin 
profile. 
This is not a one month or a one quarter exercise. This becomes an extremely protracted exercise 
because we are bound by contracts. We cannot go back to customer and exit contracts at will, 
repricing discussions or solutioning discussions where we replace manpower with more 
automation or technology. These are also not instant decisions. So, actions that are showing 
results in Security, very similar actions are being taken in FM as well. Just as in Security, it took 
a few quarters for the numbers to start showing up. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 8 of 12 
In FM also, it will take a bit of time. But what I wanted to outline clearly is that it is the same 
set of actions that happened in Security that yielded results that are being undertaken in FM also. 
It is a long-protracted exercise. And I guess we'll have to be a little patient with it. 
Keval Shah: 
Okay, thanks. And on the International margin, apart from the discontinuation of COVID 
contracts, were there any other impact in the current quarter? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
No. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhumi Shah from Kantilal Chhaganlal Securities. 
Bhumi Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on good numbers. I just had one question related 
to the Cash Logistics segment. It has evolved a lot with the highest quarterly revenue in Q1 
FY24. So could you share more details about the new technology solutions offered to customize 
and the potential for further expansion in this segment? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, our Cash business is clearly an outperformer. If you see the last few years, including 
COVID years. The Cash business has reported revenue growth of close to 30%. And the margin 
profile has also changed completely. The Cash business now reports 15% ballpark EBITDA 
margin and close to 7%, 8% PAT margin. This is largely because our business has transitioned 
from a traditional Cash Logistics company where a lot of ATM work is done to a bank 
outsourcing services business. 
You would need to recognize that SIS Cash Logistics gets less than 20% of its total revenue 
from ATM services. 80% of our business comes from other outsourcing services that we do from 
banks. It could range from doorstep banking services to bullion movement to cash processing 
for banks and various other such activities that are outsourced by banks currently. So we are a 
bank outsourcing business. 
We used to be a cash outsourcing business maybe 5 years back. But today, we do large part of 
bank outsourcing work. We are, therefore, seeing a drastic change in our margin profile. And I 
believe that looking at the order book, I think the Cash business has significant upside ahead of 
it. 
Bhumi Shah: 
Sir, are there any plans in further expansion to this business? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, we are constantly evaluating all options ranging from not just organic growth boosting but 
also M&A in this space and in fact, also potential unlocking of value for shareholders. So various 
actions are constantly at hand and being evaluated. We will talk more about it when things 
materialize. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Yashvardhan Bansal and Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Yashvardhan Bansal: 
Hi, good morning, sir. So, I just wanted to add a follow-up question to the Cash business. First 
things is that, of course, you have a lot of coming from the doorstep banking. I wanted to get an 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 9 of 12 
insight as to what is the management's perspective when it comes to UPI services coming into 
the picture? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Sorry, say that again. 
Yashvardhan Bansal: 
So, I wanted to insight from the management of the SIS is that how is SIS planning to tackle the 
problem of UPI versus cash, which is more or less a very hot topic when it comes to cash logistics 
companies, particularly? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I think you are right that digital transactions have picked up drastically in the last few 
years. But I think if you look at a more composite picture, you will see that the currency in 
circulation in this country is also going up year-on-year. Last year, I think if my memory serves 
me right, our currency in circulation went up more than 10%. 13% of GDP is in circulation. 
And I think despite demonetization, despite digital transaction growth, the currency is out there 
to be managed. Usage of ATMs has declined for sure. But if you look at government has pumped 
more than a few lakh crores through direct benefit transfers to the deprived section of our society. 
Large part of this money is transacted via ATMs and rural belt and then also increases currency 
in circulation generally. 
So, I believe that, number one, you need to look at the currency in circulation metric to 
understand the impact of UPI versus cash. Number two, more importantly, what you need to see 
is that whatever currency is there in the economy, there may be 50 banks or more if you include 
NBFC and financial services companies, there would be hundreds. But ultimately, currency 
managing companies are not even five. So clearly, there used to be 10-odd companies doing 
currency handling in the country. 
We are down to like five or less than five now. And I believe that what's happening is that the 
service providers are consolidating. So even if there is a lesser amount of cash in the economy 
in the future years, there will also be fewer operators to handle and run that, which basically 
results in 2, 3 things. Number one, more sensible pricing. 
Number two, greater density, and higher productivity on part of operating companies; and 
number three, greater pricing power in the hands of the service providers because there are only 
few. So, all these things put together, I think the outlook on cash in the immediate future looks 
pretty stable, rather encouraging. 
Yashvardhan Bansal: 
All right. I just wanted to ask a couple of more questions. So, the first question was that you 
have a fleet of approximately 3,000 banks. I just wanted to make sure as to what is your route 
network coverage, like what kind of locations you're primarily serving? Secondly, what is your 
expansion into the country? 
And my second question was that right now, I think in the previous question, you said that you 
are mainly a banking service provider -- service provider to the banking outsourcing needs. So, 
apart from that, what is SIS’s aim and agenda in the coming future as to increasing their audience 
market? So maybe as to how are you planning to include, say, NBFCs or insurance companies 
forming something like that. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 10 of 12 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So, SIS Cash services operates across the length and breadth of the country. So from Jammu to 
Kerala and from Gujarat to Arunachal Pradesh our cash operations operates. I think what we 
did, which is paying dividends today is the fact that we picked certain niche markets where the 
larger competitors are not very keen to expand. 
So, for example, we picked up maybe 10 years back, we decided to focus a lot on Northeast 
because other competitors were focusing more on Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, type metros. We 
picked up Northeast. We picked up the hinterland in UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, Bengal, Odisha, 
which is relatively -- at that point in time, I am talking about 2012, 2013 was not the most 
attractive market. 
At the same time, we competed in the metros, focused more a lot. We acquired a company called 
SDB Cisco in 2014, which is predominantly a South and West India Operator in the cash 
segment. So that boosted our presence in South and West markets. So all these blended basically 
meant that we have, on one hand, a pan-India delivery capability. So any part of the country, we 
have the capacity to take on contracts. But at the same time, we have certain pockets of 
substantially higher route density. 
So, while most cash companies are still counting number of ATMs per route or things like that. 
We started because our ATM exposure is relatively lower, we started doing what we call mixed 
roots, where of the same route we do a few ATMs, we do doorstep banking, we do other services 
all blended into a route usage of a lot of technology that we got from Prosegur, our global partner, 
tremendously helped. And today, our Cash business may be the only cash business that is 
accounting route efficiency by stops per route. 
It's not number of ATMs per route, but it's number of stops per route and the revenue we make 
per stop. Today, we have the capability to derive margin per stop. What is the cost of that 
stoppage of 20, 30 minutes? And what is the margin that we make on that stop? So, the amount 
of investment in technology and pan India network establishes SIS Prosegur joint venture quite 
differently. And I think one other important aspect you must weave into your thinking if you are 
evaluating our cash business. 
It is that in the competitive landscape today, there is no strategic operator -- strategic long-term 
operator is not there. There are other businesses that are largely private equity owned or owned 
by individuals. But SIS Prosegur offers a very stable long-term view on Cash Logistics and 
global experience. And I think our customers fully appreciate and recognize that. And that has 
given us an edge in the bank outsourcing or the new services that we introduced. So sorry for 
this long answer, but I hope I have given you some colour. 
Yashvardhan Bansal: 
Yes, sir. I just had the second part of the question, which was what is your outlook for NBFCs 
including other players or other customers into your portfolio? That will be my final question. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Like I said, for us, right from cooperative banks to the regional rural banks, all of them are in 
our customer portfolio, and we work with a very diverse set of customers. And I think there is a 
tremendous set of opportunities, not just with the large banks, but also with the smaller banking 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 11 of 12 
operations. In fact, there are some microfinance companies that we have started working with 
now. 
There is opportunities on the CSP side, customer service point side of things, which are actually 
banking correspondent CSP side. So, there is a whole lot and maybe at some point in time in the 
future when we are discussing just cash, I can give you far more depth. But I would encourage 
you to have a look at -- we did SIS Confluence a few months back where we got our business 
heads to talk about each individual segment. So that would be on the SIS website, a recording 
of the discussion on Cash. If you look at that, that will address a lot of your queries. 
Yashvardhan Bansal: 
Thank you so much, all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Granth Khetan from KC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Granth Khetan: 
I wanted to ask; the Cash Logistics segment of the business has grown like the Security Solution 
segment. So, if the Cash Logistics segment were to grow faster than Security Solution segment 
would you focus more on the Cash Logistics segment? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, I don't think in SIS Group, we look at the segments one versus the other. If you look at the 
10-year history or at least a 5, 6-year listed history of SIS -- all our four segments, whether it is 
Security in India or International Security, Facility Management or Cash. All these segments 
have more than doubled in the last 5 years since our listing, profit has grown more than twice. 
So, it's not an either/or scenario. Having said that, cash has great prospects, as I was just 
explaining, so does Security, so does FM. And I think we are looking to build all these 
businesses. 
When you look at SIS, you must look at it as a platform because today, there are a lot of peers 
who are pure play in FM or pure play in Cash Logistics, either they don't do all services or they 
don't have a meaningful market position in all. Look at SIS as a platform, our endeavor in the 
last 20 years has been to create a platform. And today, we are proud that we are not just the 
largest Security company in India by revenue, we are also the largest Facility Management 
company in India by revenue, and we are the second largest Cash Logistics company in India by 
revenue. We don’t intend to focus on one segment at the cost of the others. These are all 
independent businesses, there are separate CEOs and CXOs who are running these companies, 
you must look at SIS as a platform. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rituraj Sinha for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you once again, everyone, for joining this call. It's always a pleasure to talk to you. And 
I have enjoyed a very diverse set of questions that came through today. I hope we have answered 
satisfactorily and given you some insights. Having said that, as I conclude, I would like to say 
that the first quarter of FY24 has signalled a solid start for SIS -- not just on the security side, 
where there has been reasonable growth and substantial margin improvement. Even on the FM 
side, there has been growth. Cash side, there has been growth. And I believe that the concerns 
around margins of Facility Management, particularly and the International business are well 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Q1FY24 Earnings Call                                                                                                 Page 12 of 12 
acknowledged. And I believe that there is action underway, and there will be hopefully a 
substantial uptick in the coming quarters. 
Like I have said, our desire and endeavor is to go back to pre-COVID level of margins for all 
businesses. And I see no reason why we should not be able to get there, along with substantial 
growth and market share uptick in the post-COVID world. So thank you once again for your 
time. I wish you all the best and hope to see you sometime soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
SIS Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
