 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                             CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address:                                Registered Office:                                                           Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11,      ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,            Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)                              
New Linking Road, Malad (West),        Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                       Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
Mumbai - 400 064                                Mumbai - 400 025                                                             Website: www.icicilombard.com 
  
     
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/100-07/2024  
 
July 24, 2023 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 
2023 
 
This is further to our letter dated July 13, 2023 and July 18, 2023, please note that the 
Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Tuesday, July 18, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
The same will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2023.07.24 
19:33:52 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
July 18, 2023 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
                                     MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to ICICI 
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited Q1 FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
From the Senior Management we have with us today, Mr. Bhargav 
Dasgupta – MD and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gopal Balachandran, 
CFO & CRO; Mr. Sanjeev Mantri – Executive Director, and Mr. Alok 
Agarwal, Executive Director. 
Please note that any statements or comments made in today's call that 
may look like forward-looking statements are based on information 
presently available to the management and do not constitute an 
indication of any future performance as future involved risks and 
uncertainties which could cause results to differ materially from the 
current views being expressed. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta – MD and 
CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: 
Thank you and good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining 
the Earnings Conference Call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Company Limited for Q1 FY2024. I will give you a brief overview of the 
industry trends and developments that we have witnessed in the past 
few months. Post this, our CFO – Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share 
the financial performance of the Company for the quarter ended June 
30, 2023. 
                                     India's real GDP recorded a stronger growth than estimates and has 
surpassed the pre-pandemic levels. Domestic demand conditions 
remain supportive of growth on the back of improving household 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
consumption and investment activity. Urban demand remains resilient 
with indicators such as passenger vehicle sales and domestic air 
passenger traffic posting robust growth, on a year-on-year basis. This 
growth can have some impact from headwinds such as weak external 
demand, volatility in global financial conditions and prolonged 
geopolitical tensions. 
For the quarter, as per data published by SIAM, the new vehicle sales 
continued to grow year-on-year for private car and two-wheelers. 
However, the growth narrowed in the month of June 2023. The growth 
in sales of commercial vehicle was at double digit during the quarter. 
Two-wheeler sales for the quarter, in terms of volume, remains below 
the pre-pandemic levels. Health insurance continued to remain the 
largest contributor to overall growth. The commercial lines witnessed 
growth in line with the current market environment, while the Fire 
market has seen some rate pressures, the inherent growth remains 
intact. The focus of the government on infrastructure has led to a 
41.3% growth during Q1 FY2024 in the engineering line of business 
and is expected to show encouraging growth in the future as well. We 
remain optimistic that the industry will continue to grow given favorable 
macros, regulatory changes, low penetration and positive consumer 
sentiment. 
Speaking of the performance, the General Insurance industry 
delivered a GDPI growth of 17.9% for Q1 FY2024. Overall, the 
underwriting performance improved, with the combined ratio of the 
industry at 115.8% for FY2023 as against 119.1% for FY2022. For 
motor business, the combined ratio for the industry remained elevated 
at 121.1% for FY2023, up from 115.6% for FY2022. The combined 
ratio for Motor in H1 FY2023 was 123.5%, which improved to 118.8% 
for H2 FY2023. 
Moving to regulatory updates, the Authority on June 30, 2023, 
published guidelines for remuneration of Non-Executive Directors and 
Key Management Personnel prescribing limits on remuneration, age, 
and tenure. 
Moving to business impact for us in Q1 FY2024 - 
The Company grew by 18.9% as compared to the industry growth of 
17.9%. Excluding Crop, the Company grew by 19.2% as against the 
industry growth of 17.4%. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Coming to the growth of key segments during the quarter- 
 
In Property and Casualty lines of business, we grew at 17.0%, which 
was higher than the industry growth of 7.8%. Further during the 
quarter, we accreted market share across all segments such as 
Fire, Marine, Engineering and Liability. Discontinuance of the IIB 
rates had a moderate impact which is in line with our expectations, 
however we will continue to monitor the development in coming 
quarters. 
 
In Motor, the growth was tepid at 5.3% for the quarter, while we 
grew at 10.8% in June. Further, we witnessed month-on-month 
growth in the new private car segment during the quarter. With no 
Motor TP price hike, we have rebalanced our portfolio, resulting in 
our commercial vehicle (CV) mix at 21.0% and two-wheeler mix 
(TW) at 30.3% for Q1 FY2024. 
 
The Health segment continued to be the fastest growing segment 
for the industry. During the quarter, we grew at 40.4%, which was 
higher than the industry growth of 20.7%. 
 
In Group Health – Employer Employee segment, the change in 
underlying industry pricing sentiment resulted in customers moving 
towards 
companies 
with 
better 
underwriting 
and 
service 
capabilities, resulting in our Group Health segment to grow by 
43.9% during the quarter. 
 
As a result of our continued investment in Retail Health distribution, 
we have outgrown the industry growth of 18.0% in Q1 FY2024 with 
a growth of 22.8%. This was driven by business sourced through 
retail health agency vertical growth of 25.6%. 
 
I would also like to share that our one stop solution for all insurance 
and wellness needs, “IL TakeCare” app, has surpassed ~5.6 million 
user downloads till date. The incremental download for the quarter 
was close to 1 million. For Q1 FY2024, the premium sourced 
through IL TakeCare app contributed ₹  588.0 million to the GDPI, 
reflecting a 5x year-on-year increase. 
 
Our Bancassurance and Key Relationship Groups grew at 27.3% 
this quarter. Post-pandemic, steady credit growth along with deep 
mining and increase in wallet share in distribution partners has been 
the key growth driver. 
 
Our business sourced through our Digital One team grew by 24.7%.  
o Overall, our digital focus has enabled us to increase our 
digital revenues, (including IL TakeCare app)  to ₹3.12 
billion, which accounts for 4.9% of our overall GDPI for the 
quarter.  

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
We continue to make significant investments in modernizing our 
technology architecture. After moving to the cloud in FY2022, we 
modernized a number of our front-end applications. Being on the 
cloud and transition to cloud native, has led to increase in reliability 
of our technology platforms as evidenced by the reduction in error 
tickets by close to 71% in the last year. At the same time, we have 
seen an 86% reduction in response times across some of our digital 
channel partners. RIA (Responsible Intelligent Assistant), our chat 
bot, has enabled our Do-It-Yourself (DIY) adoption by 3.4x over a 
13-month period. Alongside transitioning to the cloud and 
modernization, we completed the migration of applications and data 
from the erstwhile Bharti AXA Data Center to our application 
platforms and cloud data center in just 14 months. We believe that 
this was one of the fastest migrations of this scale in the insurance 
industry globally. 
 
We also continue to remain focused on leveraging our digital 
capabilities and building claims efficiency-  
o Case in point towards motor claim settlement process, we 
introduced Cloud Calling Features enabling over 2 lakh 
customers during the quarter to connect seamlessly using a 
dedicated virtual number. 81% of our customers filed e-claim 
forms in Q1 FY2024, up from 67% in Q1 FY2023. In Q1 
FY2024 through our Preferred Partner Network (PPN 
network), we were able to service 60% of our Non-OEM 
claims, up from 40% in Q1 FY2023. Resultantly, our overall 
NPS for non-cashless claims improved to 62% YTD May 
2023, up from 42% in Q1 FY2023. Also, NPS for cashless 
claims improved to 68% in YTD May 2023, up from 60% in 
Q1 FY2023. 
To conclude, I would like to summarize that we are well positioned for 
the future. We remain focused on growth levers such as innovation, 
digital advancements, launching new products, strengthening our 
distribution engine, rationalizing cost while scaling up our preferred 
lines of business. 
I will now request Gopal to take you through the financial numbers for 
the recently concluded quarter. 
 
Gopal Balachandran: Thanks, Bhargav and good evening to each one of you. I will now give 
you a brief overview of the financial performance of the Company for 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Q1 FY2024. We have uploaded the ‘Results Presentation’ on our 
website. You can access it as we walk you through the performance 
numbers. 
 
Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) of the Company was at ₹63.87 
billion in Q1 FY2024 as against ₹53.70 billion in Q1 FY2023, a growth 
of 18.9%, against the industry growth of 17.9%. Excluding crop, GDPI 
growth of the Company was at 19.2%, which was higher than the 
industry growth of 17.4% in Q1 FY2024. 
Our GDPI growth was primarily driven by growth in the preferred 
segments. The overall GDPI growth of our Property and Casualty 
segment grew by 17.0% at ₹ 22.86 billion in Q1 FY2024 as against ₹ 
19.54 billion in Q1 FY2023. 
On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the Motor segment was at ₹ 
18.75 billion in Q1 FY2024 as against ₹ 17.82 billion in Q1 FY2023, 
registering a growth of 5.3%. 
Our agents (including Point-of-sale or POS) distribution count was at 
117,149 as on June 30, 2023, up from around 113,000 as on March 31, 
2023. 
The advance premium was ₹ 32.63 billion as at June 30, 2023, as 
against ₹ 32.17 billion as at March 31, 2023. 
Resultantly, the combined ratio was 103.8% for Q1 FY2024 as against 
104.1% for Q1 FY2023. Excluding the impact of cyclone losses of ₹ 
0.35 billion, the combined ratio was 102.9% for Q1 FY2024. 
The technical reserves, which are presented as a part of the reserving 
disclosures, are not discounted as per the current regulatory 
framework. However, globally, we understand technical reserves are 
presented on a discounted basis. If we were to discount the technical 
reserves, particularly for the long tail businesses (such as motor third 
party, which constitutes around 80% of our total outstanding and IBNR 
reserves), our current reported Combined Ratio of 104.5% for FY2023 
would look better by around 400 basis points. 
Our investment assets rose to ₹ 449.05 billion as at June 30, 2023, from 
₹ 431.8 billion as at March 31, 2023. Our investment leverage (net of 
borrowings) was 4.16x as at June 30, 2023, as against 4.15x as at 
March 31, 2023. Investment income was at ₹ 8.23 billion in Q1 FY2024 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
as against ₹ 6.55 billion in Q1 FY2023. Our capital gains stood at ₹ 1.23 
billion in Q1 FY2024 as against ₹ 0.32 billion in Q1 FY2023. 
Our Profit Before Tax (PBT), grew by 11.8% at ₹ 5.20 billion in Q1 
FY2024 as against ₹ 4.65 billion in Q1 FY2023. 
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT), grew by 11.8% at ₹ 3.90 billion in 
Q1 FY2024 as against ₹ 3.49 billion in Q1 FY2023.  
Return on average equity i.e ROAE was 14.7% in Q1 FY2024 as 
against 15% in Q1 FY2023. 
The solvency ratio was at 2.53x as at June 30, 2023, as against 2.51x 
as at March 31, 2023, continued to be higher than the minimum 
regulatory requirement of 1.50x. 
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate, we continue to stay focused on 
driving profitable growth, sustainable value creation and safeguarding 
the interest of policy holders at all times. 
I would like to thank you for attending this earnings call and we will now 
be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a few questions. Firstly, could you talk us through the loss ratio like 
ex-catastrophically, what would be the loss ratios and where is this loss 
ratio kind of sitting? So, if I might look at a group health loss ratio, your 
total health loss ratio is at 78.7%. Could you split that up for us in terms 
of core retail health and group health? And where is this catastrophic 
loss exactly sitting in which line item, which of the segments? 
Gopal Balachandran: Prayesh, the breakup of the overall health loss ratio numbers that you 
see, which is 78.7% for Q1 FY2024, the breakup of that for employer-
employee or the group health is at about 92.6%. Retail indemnity 
business is at about 64.2%. And to your other question in terms of 
where is the impact of cyclone losses largely sitting upon, it is 
predominantly in the property and the casualty line of businesses, which 
is in the fire and engineering line of businesses. A very small proportion 
of claims is there in motor, but predominantly a large part of the impact 
on the cyclone is in fire and engineering. The combined impact is what 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
we gave as a part of the opening remarks, for this quarter, the net 
impact of claims on account of cyclone losses has been about ₹35 
crore. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Any reason for very high loss ratios on the group side, is there a spike 
in terms of number of claims or frequency or severity? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, nothing specific; if you see what we have been speaking about it 
Prayesh, even in the past on the employer-employee segment, 
generally we have spoken about the loss ratios to stay in the range of 
around 95% threshold between 90% to 95%, because it primarily 
comprises of two books as what we have spoken, one is relatively large 
corporates which runs at a loss ratio anywhere ranging between 95% 
to 100%. And then we have SME, which is relatively small and the mid 
corporate portfolio which runs at a loss ratio experience between 90% 
to 95%. So, on balance, historically we have run the book at a loss ratio, 
around that 95% threshold. Currently for the quarter, as I said, the 
number stands at about 92.6%. So, hence to that extent no specific 
changes when we see in the context of whether, let's say an increase 
in frequency or increase in severity with respect to claims. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Actually Prayesh, if you look at our last year full year group health loss 
ratio, that was roughly about 95%. So, if you look at the current quarter 
it is actually lower, we don't see any significant pressure on the health 
loss ratio side. Retail is still performing well and group health because 
the cost of acquisition is low, this is typically where the loss ratio stands. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that and coming to motor segment, again from a profitability 
perspective and the change of mix that you've spoken about going away 
from commercial vehicles, would that be a strategy for FY2024 or from 
a longer-term perspective? And secondly, for many quarters we've 
spoken about some green shoots on the OD pricing, but that's not really 
reflecting very heavily in terms of numbers. While you mentioned about 
the industry combined ratios improving between first half and second 
half, is there any more clear trends that you see further improvement or 
it's just getting arrested at the current levels? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, on the first one, commercial vehicles, some of the granular calls 
that we took, some strategic calls that we took over the last two to three 
years that we've talked about, we are staying invested with that. There 
is a bit of rationalization that we did was because the TP price hike this 
year did not happen, so with our estimate of inflation as we've always 
talked about, certain marginal portfolios become unviable for that. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Having said that, if you see our CV mix at 21%, is still higher than what 
our traditional CV market mix had been, which was about 15%-16%. 
And our sense is that we are not planning to reduce it significantly. It 
will probably be in the similar ballpark, 20 plus, minus. Coming to your 
question on OD, again, if you look at this quarter loss ratio for us in the 
OD compared to last year, you will see an improvement. Having said 
that, the expectation that we've had is some of the aggression on 
sourcing side given the expense of management will cap the flexibility 
of some of the players, we were expecting some more rationalization, 
some more improvement. At this point in time, we've not seen it, but  we 
have reached a level where we have ironed out most of the marginal 
portfolios, so most of the pain is behind us as we think. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
My question is around the Motor OD business. If I look at the loss ratio 
numbers, consistently it has been improving from Q2 or Q1 of FY2023. 
That number is around 67%, so just wanted to understand that this 
number of 67% is sustainable or what corrective measures you have 
taken, except for the choice of not seizing the market share, that has 
led to the improvement in the loss ratio in the Motor segment, OD 
segment rather. That is one thing and second, just wanted to again 
understand this IL TakeCare app which you said today probably 
contributes almost 1% of your GDPI in Q1, so want to understand how 
you see this channel to be a cross-sell upsell channel, which products 
and how much it can potentially contribute to the entire GWP as time 
progresses? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, Sanketh on the first question, on Motor OD side, there are multiple 
things that we've been doing and in the sense we've been saying that 
a lot of heavy lifting we did last year, one is the selection, the marginal 
portfolio you let go that has an impact. So, our sourcing, which is the 
target loss ratio when we sourced our business, has also come down. 
The second is on the claim side, there's been a huge amount of effort 
that we have made more in terms of some of the misuse that generally 
happens, but we believe had picked up post COVID. So, on the claims 
control, we've done a lot of work on using data analytics to reduce waste 
and misuse. Thirdly, we talked about the percentage increase in PPN 
that also gives us some savings on the claim side. So, there are multiple 
initiatives that have happened and if it is sustainable, again, we'll have 
to wait to see market conduct, but we are reasonably hopeful that we 
should be able to sustain this at this current level.  

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
                                    Coming to your point on IL TakeCare, the number that we gave out, it's 
about 5x of last year similar number for the quarter, but in aggregate for 
the Company even if we add this, IL TakeCare number to the overall 
digital business, as we said, it's about 4.9% of our total business. Let's 
say IL TakeCare contribution for this quarter was about ₹58 crores 
(₹588 million). So, it's not a material number as yet, but we believe this 
is actually helping us at multiple levels. One is customer engagement 
retention, we see some better loss ratio for clients which use IL 
TakeCare in group levels, we see a better retention of profitable 
accounts in the corporate side and we are looking at how we can use 
that further strategically in terms of increasing cross sell and upsell 
that's work in progress. But still, honestly in terms of aggregate 
numbers, we are very heartened by the scale, the speed at which it's 
picking up, but still small in the overall scheme of things. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Bhargav, there's just one clarification, is this IL TakeCare app you are 
able to manage cross-sell predominantly retail health at Rs 58 crores 
or 59 crores or it is other products also you have seen the traction? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: It's other mix of products. We are seeing Two-wheelers, Health, Private 
cars, employees of corporates buying policies on their own. So, it's a 
mix of most products that we have there. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And finally, last one, Gopal, if you can explain the reason why 
the commission costs have boosted, overall expense has not changed, 
but the commission cost has gone up while the expense has come 
down. So, you have seen that EoM impact already visible with respect 
to shifts from advertisement cost to the commission? 
Gopal Balachandran: So Sanketh, if you recollect in the way we have always talked about is 
to look at the businesses from an overall combined perspective 
because as we keep saying, there are different models of sourcing that 
exists in the market. There are segments which relatively run on high 
LR and low expense ratio and the other way around. So, which is what 
now when you look at from a Q1 perspective, I would always keep 
urging to look at it more from an expense of management standpoint 
rather than looking at any break ups around that. So, if you look at the 
overall expense of management ratio in terms of the breakup of the 
combined ratio that we reported about 103.8% for Q1 FY2024, of 
which the loss ratio was about 74.1% and the balance which is almost 
about 29.7% is the expense of management number. This if you look 
at it for Q1 FY2023, the expense of management number was about 
32.1%. And again, when you look at it even vis-à-vis Q4 FY2023, the 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
expense of management number was about 29.9%. So, even on a 
sequential basis, we have seen an improvement in the overall expense 
of management and even on a year-on-year basis, clearly there have 
been an improvement in the overall expense of management, that's 
the way we would want you to look at because as I said, there are 
different models of sourcing that exists and as a Company, that's what 
we would want to look at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nidhesh Jain 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, if you could break the digital 
business, what percentage of business is coming from our own website, 
plus IL TakeCare and how are the trends in that segment on Y-o-Y 
basis? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, if you look at the way we manage this business, there is the Digital 
One team which looks at, if you remember, we had said there are two 
objectives that they have. One is the website business growth and the 
other is working with the digital ecosystem partners and we look at it 
together, that growth for this quarter is about 37.8%. The IL TakeCare 
number as we said is relatively small, but that's grown from a small base 
at 5x, it is around 480%. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Because if you look at the annual disclosure, I think last year in the 
public disclosure, the data indicates that the growth from our own 
website has not been that strong. It has been flattening out. Growth is 
largely coming from the digital ecosystem. So, are those trends 
continuing in this quarter also and because the business coming from 
our own website will be much better quality, though low, though more 
profitable probably over a period of time. So, how we think about the 
strategy on the digital side, from sourcing business from our own 
website? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Nidhesh, it is a combination of both, so obviously we look at all of 
them are preferred channels of sourcing, whether you look at business 
through website, business through alliances and even let's say the “IL 
TakeCare” opportunity as what Bhargav explained. For us, all the three 
segments of growth, whether you look at it from a website standpoint, 
whether you look at it even from an alliances standpoint. In fact, during 
the quarter, we have further strengthened the number of alliances, tie-
ups that we have and that's the reason why that part of the business 
has done phenomenally quite well, and overall, as we said, the Digital 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
One contribution in terms of revenue for the Company for this quarter 
has grown at about 24.7%. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Secondly, last year we put out a strategy that we will focus on higher 
loss ratio and low OpEx ratio business in the Motor OD segment, while 
if you look at our loss ratios have improved quite a bit and OpEx ratio 
has also seen some improvement, so how is the trend there? How is 
the share of that business shaping up on overall Motor GDPI? 
Gopal Balachandran: Again, it's a combination of both. For us, if you look at this particular 
quarter, the growth on new private car has come back, which is 
exhibited when you look at it sequentially on a month-on-month basis, 
the growth in new private cars seems to be doing well. That typically 
also comes with a relatively better loss experience. Having said that,  
we are also increasingly focusing on exactly the point that you 
mentioned, with respect to focusing on relatively older vehicle segment, 
which also comes with a relatively high LR and let's say lower cost of 
acquisition and that's again reflecting also in the expense of 
management number. And if you recollect what we have been talking 
about historically, our proportion of motor business, coming in through 
the OEM channel of contribution, used to be in the range of 75%-80%. 
Increasingly, that proportion of contribution of business of Motor coming 
in from, the OEM channel distribution will be in the range of about 60%-
65%. So directionally, what we have been trying to do is to balance the 
overall portfolio between contribution from OEM dealership agency as 
well as the earlier point that we made in terms of the digital opportunities 
that one sees. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shreya Shivani 
from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on the total Motor segment. So, if I 
compare Lombard’s both loss ratio and growth across the private peers, 
I will specifically look at the private general insurer. So, many of them 
would have just a few percentage point higher loss ratio on this 
segment, but they're delivering about 15% growth in this quarter as per 
the IRDAI data. So, what can we expect for the Lombard’s Motor 
segment for the full year and any guidance on the overall premium 
growth for FY2024, that's the first question? And the second question 
is on the crop loss ratio, it seems a little higher at more than 100% and 
last year I remember you guys had shared that the crop program that 
you had participated in, was 80-120 capped plan something like that. 
So, if you can help us understand on that front? 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Gopal Balachandran:So, if you recollect obviously the claim development cycle takes time 
and that's the reason from a conservative standpoint, whenever we 
book the revenues, given that we don't have complete experience of 
loss development we end up providing it to 100% loss ratio basis. Which 
is why when you look at that number, you will find the loss ratios to be 
a bit elevated. But when the actual experience starts to play out, you 
will obviously start getting that reflected on actuals. And typically, it 
roughly takes about 2 quarters for the loss development to play out in 
the Crop segment. So, as and when we get to see the impact of the 
cycle, we will actualize those numbers.  
                                   To your first point on what is it that we can expect overall growth for the 
Company as a whole, I think in line with what we have spoken, as we 
always keep saying, the market needs to get better in terms of pricing. 
At this point of time, you would have seen for Q1 FY2024, I think we 
have had close to almost about 200 basis points outperformance 
relative to the market growth numbers when you look at ex of Crop. And 
so that's clearly the expectation that we have at the Company, we have 
the necessary strength so far as distribution, claim service and 
technology is concerned and hence from an overall market standpoint, 
we would obviously want to expect to continue to have similar 
outperformance. Now within that, your first point on how does one see  
motor? As I said again, when you look at it on a sequential basis, month-
on-month, I think clearly we have been able to possibly arrest the extent 
of degrowth that we had seen in that particular segment. So, for 
example, in April we had a de-growth in Motor. For the month of May, 
we had a positive growth of about 5% and for the month of June, we 
had a growth of almost 10%. Sequentially, we have been able to get 
better growth and the extent of gap between the industry growth 
numbers and the growth that we have been exhibiting is getting 
narrowed down. So, the only thing that would watch out for, to your point 
on what we could expect for the rest of the year, is the adherence to the 
expense of management guidelines that's coming to post from this year. 
In fact, when we were looking at the FY2023 numbers, that's now out 
for the entire market as a whole, almost close to two-thirds of the 
industry participants have their expense of management number 
greater than the regulatory prescribed limit of 30% or 35%. So, this 
clearly calls for action, which is what I presume even the regulator would 
be significantly putting a focus on once all companies start putting out 
their Q1 numbers. I'm sure they will start looking at the expense of 
management numbers for the overall market as a whole and within that, 
each individual companies in terms of how they have exhibited. Once 
some of these things starts to correct over the period of time, obviously, 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
as I said and so far as our positioning is concerned, we should be able 
to see relatively better growth, even in Motor as a category. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: And the comment that you had, Shreya, in terms of the loss ratios, as 
we've been explaining this for some time that when you look at Motor, 
if you split the loss ratio between own damage and third party, you will 
see certain patterns, you can do the analysis yourself and in third party 
again if you do a bit deeper dive on the reserving picture which is now 
available to all of you, you'll be able to figure out the reserving practices 
and that will probably throw some light on the loss ratio numbers of 
some of the players in the market. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, one just clarification I wanted, the retail indemnity loss ratio that you 
mentioned at 64.2%, this is 64.2% for the retail indemnity sold by agents 
or the one which is getting sold by ICICI Bank? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Not the group, this retail indemnity is the individual retail indemnity. 
Shreya Shivani: 
And what is the loss ratio of the ICICI Bank portion that is getting sold 
ICICI Bank? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: We are not giving that level of detail, that is not fair on the part of 
distributor also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rishi 
Jhunjhunwala from IIFL Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Just couple of questions. Firstly on the Health side, in the Retail health, 
the 23% year-on-year growth that we have seen, how much of that is 
driven by pricing increase that you have taken in February? And 
secondly on the Corporate side, there is a significant growth that has 
come here, is that being driven by the normal group health plans or 
there is a large component of the credit protect plans also which are 
coming here and is that the reason why unexpired risk reserve has shot 
up quite significantly for us in this quarter? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, on the second part, Rishi, I'll just talk about the commercial lines 
as a category and within that, then I will talk about your corporate health 
or let's say the group health point that you wanted to understand. 
Across commercial lines, we have actually been able to exhibit 
significant market share as what we also put out as a part of the opening 
remarks. In fact, relative to an industry growth of which is single digit 
7.8%, our growth has been about 17% and this spans across Fire, 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Marine, Engineering, Liability etc. across the key commercial line and 
there the growth is aided by across all factors, which is, it is driven by 
volume increase, it is equally driven by, accretion of market share and 
specifically now also in the context of corporate health, we have also 
been able to see accretion in pricing as well. So, it's been an all-round 
growth that one has seen in the overall commercial lines portfolio. To 
your second point on now, within the group health or within the 
corporate health, again, it's been a combination of both. As you would 
recollect, some of the participants in the market had exhibited 
significant underwriting losses, particularly in the corporate health 
space. And there have been clear instructions that they have given to 
their respective operating officers to get better on underwriting. That 
exactly is what we wait for as opportunities for us to write businesses 
because as I said, we have the necessary backend strength in terms of 
distribution and claim service to our advantage. So, hence we have 
been able to gain or accrete market share from some of those 
companies into us where customers start to look at more in terms of 
service as the basis of placing the risk. So, hence the growth is aided 
by accretion in market share. Again volume we do see in some sectors 
incremental hiring being done by some of the corporates concerned and 
hence to that extent it is also volume driven. And three, it's also a 
function of the relative overall growth that one has seen.   
                                    Health is also aided by, reasonable growth even on the Bancassurance 
space as we had put out even as part of the opening remarks. Our 
Bancassurance, which comprises distribution through banks and our 
key relationship group partners, that's done reasonably well at almost 
about 27% growth on the back of a reasonable growth coming back in 
terms of credit disbursements. What one would watch for is obviously 
the extent of disbursement levels as we head into the subsequent 
quarters,  that we will wait for in terms of how the development takes 
place. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: And second question while you explained about the expense of 
management thing and to look at on an overall basis and that's anyways 
what we are going to do, but just from a purpose of understanding, 
wanted to understand the change in commission and the business 
promotion, is it purely a reclassification issue from books of accounts 
perspective, from the way you are now paying to the distributors or is 
there any actually on ground business model change also? 
Gopal Balachandran: If you ask us that as we always keep saying Rishi, at the end of the 
day, we always look at the overall cost of acquisition in terms of the way 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
we do businesses. And that's the reason why I specifically put out that 
number in the context of expense of management and that's what I 
would urge to look at. And honestly, the split between what constitutes 
commission, what constitutes my overall operating expenses, all of 
them are baked in as a part of our operating model. Fundamentally, if 
you ask us have you changed anything in the underlying way of doing 
business? Honestly not. There is no specific change that one has done 
and hence, which is why I'm saying that once you start looking at the 
numbers more from an expensive management standpoint rather than 
trying to look at splits between how much has been the growth in 
commissions and how much has been the changes in operating 
expenses. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Avinash Singh 
from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Two questions. So, first one is more on Commercial lines. Particularly 
fire and engineering, so there were sort of multiple factors affecting the 
pricing and all. So, just I mean if you can give some color on that 
adjusting for your cyclone losses, if there has been sort of an impact on 
overall claims ratio because of the pricing environment or if you can 
quantify the price changes effectively that happened in this quarter? So, 
that's one commercial line. Second on group health or employer- 
employee part, if you can provide some sort of either quantify or some 
qualitative disclosure in terms of how has been your experience on the 
business that you have initially acquired a pre-COVID period and 
continue to renew with the price hikes and the business you have 
acquired last year? So, are there sort of a difference in terms of the 
claims experience in these two sets? These are two questions. Thank 
you. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, let me take the second one and Gopal can give you the split of the 
commercial lines business. In aggregate commercial line business, 
there has been some softening on the fire side for the reasons that 
we've been talking about, which is that the IIB rate is no longer there, 
but it is well in line with our estimates. So, it's a single digit change, not 
a material reduction that we have seen in the Q1 FY2024, but we'll have 
to be watchful of how this progresses for the rest of the year. But till now 
it's largely been in line with expectations. The difference in the loss 
ratios for fire and engineering with and without CAT, Gopal will answer 
that separately. Coming back to your question on group health, 
Avinash, the real good news for us was that the accounts that we had 
pre-COVID, we've been talking about this in the past as well. From July 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
of the year, after the second wave, we started increasing prices 
between 15% to 20% and we used to see more than 90% retention of 
the large accounts. So, the service proposition that we've delivered, the 
various features of IL TakeCare etc., overall we've had good experience 
in terms of retaining these accounts. This year, for the reasons that 
Gopal explained, we are seeing good traction in business moving from 
some of the other companies that are coming in. The way we are pricing 
it is again in line with our general practice of being disciplined about 
underwriting. So, the question then is that will these guys also renew 
next year if prices go down that we'll have to wait for. What the approach 
that we take is even when we go in with any of these accounts, the 
approach is to look at customers who are not price seekers every year 
who switched from one Company to the other. But to look at companies 
who generally being stable with one insurer for some time, maybe 
wanting to move now because of service experiences or because 
pricing has significantly gone up and come close to our numbers and 
we are able to get a slight premium over the market price. So, on 
balance, I don't see a big difference between the accounts that we had 
in the past to the accounts that we have got now on the group health 
side. 
Gopal Balachandran: Avinash to your point on what could be the potential impact on some 
of this pricing led changes and  cyclone led impact. As Bhargav said, 
the price decline is a single digit number roughly in that range of,  5% 
to 7% decline in pricing and that's on expected lines. That's what we 
had mentioned even during the April earnings call at the time when the 
guidelines had come into force, which is the reason why you see, for 
the overall market, fire growth for Q1 FY2024 is far more tepid at let's 
say at 5.9% or 6.0%. Even despite that if you look at, for ICICI Lombard, 
we have again had an outperformance in that category. We have grown 
at almost 10% in fire as a line of business. So, that's the impact so far 
as pricing is concerned. On the other part, what we discussed even in 
the April earnings call, if you recollect is also the hardening of the 
reinsurance rate, and therefore, we also had seen an increase in the 
XOL cost. What happens is the NEP there is a catch up because 
typically your cost of XOL hit in Q1 and as the book grows, the earnings 
plays through over the remaining quarters. So, now when you look at 
the loss ratios, what is put out in the investor deck for fire, at about 85% 
for Q1 and 98.6% for engineering. Now this has the impact of the XOL 
cost. It also has the impact of losses from cyclone as what I mentioned, 
very difficult to separately call out the impact of the XOL cost. But if I 
were to just exclude the impact of cyclone losses, the loss ratio on fire, 
which is at about 85%, will look like about 64%-65% and engineering, 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
which is looking like about 98.6% will look like about close to about 
80%-82% in that range. So, that's the kind of numbers that one sees so 
far as excluding the CAT losses are concerned. But as I said, Q1, 
particularly for engineering is relatively more long tail as the project 
starts to build over a period of time is where you will see a relatively 
larger proportion of earnings coming through. And hence to that extent, 
you will always find possibly the Q1 loss ratios to be a bit more skewed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Swarnabha 
Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: So, couple of questions. First on the retail health, so sir you 
mentioned around 64% loss ratio in the retail indemnity portfolio, I was 
just wondering that historically you have told that you have run this book 
at around loss ratios of between 65% to 70%. So, is there a possibility 
that we'll push the pedal a little bit more in terms of growth going ahead 
so that we are in between that mark because profitability-wise we are 
much better than where we were running the business. So, whether we 
should expect to see growth panning out at a faster rate and much 
higher than the industry given that our market share is still lower than 
our Company average market share is across category. So, that is the 
first question on retail health. And on the second question on the fire 
loss ratios, you pointed out that there are XOL losses that are baked in 
right now. Just wanted to understand given that the elevated loss ratio 
that you have reported if we were to remove the impact of XOL losses 
also, should we also see some element of that deregulation playing out 
in the loss ratio in terms of denominator being lower from the pricing 
point of view and thirdly on the crop premium for the month of June, I 
think there was a sizable crop premium so that pertains to Maharashtra 
and of a similar structure of what it was done last year. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, let me add to the fire,  and ask Gopal to cover the rest. As Gopal 
explained, the loss ratio for those two businesses look a bit elevated. 
But we are very comfortable and very happy with the book. As he 
explained, big chunk of that incremental loss issues because of 
catastrophe which happens once in a while. Secondly, the price 
softening has had a 5% to 6% impact, not as big as one was worrying 
about. So, in that sense it's a positive. Third is the XOL cost is an upfront 
cost. As we go through the year, anything keeps accreting and the XOL 
cost gets spread over the whole 12 months. For the Q1 it looks elevated 
because it's a smaller book which is absorbing the increment. So, 
overall, our property and casualty business, we are very happy with the 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
way things are progressing. Just to give you an overall sense of where 
we see the business. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Just a follow up on that. The price softening part that you mentioned 
5% to 6%, so in a scenario if the reinsurance market softens next year 
from where it is, can the softening be more 
Bhargav Dasgupta: This is getting into the realms of speculation. You know, too many 
factors are unknown in terms of global reinsurance markets. So, there's 
no point in talking about it right now. Maybe we can discuss this post 
January 1. 
Gopal Balachandran: I'll just only add to what Bhargav said, which is what is there in the 
numbers if you would have seen on the overall basis. While we said our 
growth in revenues has been, close to about 19% ex of crop. If you 
would have seen the growth in net written premium has been almost 
about 23% which is a function of what we retain and what we reinsure. 
But relative to that, if you would have seen the growth in NEP has been 
only about 12%. So, that's the catch up that will start to happen and this 
is not just specific to any particular segment. I think for across segments 
when we exhibit growth, you will start seeing NEP doing a catch up over 
the subsequent quarters. So, which is what you should watch out for 
and as we always keep saying for us, you should ideally look at 
outcomes over years, if not ideally on a financial year basis, definitely 
not quarters. I mean quarters will have lots of elements attached to it. 
And again, we will urge everyone to keep looking at numbers more on 
an annual basis, ideally over years, because that's how the insurance 
cycles typically work. So, that's just in addition to what Bhargav said.  
                                   To your third point on the crop, pretty much similar to what we have 
been talking, which is even the one that we have won in Maharashtra 
that again operates under the 80-110 model which is where we are clear 
about what risk that we want to undertake. And two, as we had 
discussed even during the April call, potentially that there is an 
expectation that this year could be a year of El Nino, and hence to that 
extent again from an exposure standpoint, I think we would want to be 
a bit guarded and even otherwise what we have said even earlier as 
well on crop relative to our overall numbers, we would definitely want to 
see it at less than 5% of the aggregate annual revenues. So, that stand 
pretty much remains the same. To your first point on the overall retail 
health loss ratios, again, I mean this is Q1 numbers, right? I think the 
range that we gave is the range that we are comfortable to operate with 
as a segment and what we are quite happy and excited about is the fact 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
that even if you look at consistently since  H2 FY2023 and even for the 
whole of, in fact FY2023, we have had outperformance on retail health 
vis-à-vis the market. I mean if you recollect for FY2023, our growth was 
almost about 17%, industry on retail has grew at 15%. Even Q1, when 
you look at the numbers for us, individuals or retail health grew at almost 
about 23%. Market growth was about 18%-19%. So, again, we have 
had outperformance relative to the overall market. The good news is 
even when you look at it in the context of standalone health companies, 
our growth in Q1 FY2024 has largely been in line with the standalone 
health growth numbers as well. So, hence to that extent, whatever 
investments that we are doing on retail health, we are quite excited with 
the way how the investments have played out and that's the reason why 
you already start to see some small levels of increase in market share 
that we have seen which used to be sub 3%. Right now we're at about 
close to about 3.1% market share in the retail health indemnity 
segment. Of course, as you rightly said, there's a lot of catch up that we 
have to do and hence to that extent we will continue to stay invested in 
building that distribution force and loss ratios as I said will be more an 
outcome and the range is what we largely talked about. Q1 FY2024, 
honestly again very difficult to comment on one particular quarter. You 
have to ideally look at it more on a full year basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Prakhar Sharma 
from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Sharma: 
Just wanted to get a pulse of this flooding in the Northern Indian part. 
How big is the business? How should we assess any potential loss? 
That's part one and just wanted to get a sense on, you know, the full 
year and next year combined ratio expectation, are we sticking to our 
earlier guidance, so these were my two questions. Thank you. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: So, the second one is easier to answer. Yes, we are sticking to it in spite 
of these losses that catastrophe losses that we had in this quarter and 
the North Indian floods will come in the Q2 because these even now, 
as we speak, the losses are coming in. Till now, it doesn't look to be 
significantly an area of concern. But it's too early to call Prakhar, what 
happens in floods is that it takes some time for the customers to come 
back and report all the claims, so I don't want to give a false comfort 
that it's low value catastrophe loss. We'll have to wait for some time. 
But whatever it is, you know as a Company, unless these losses are 
significantly out of sync with the past experiences,  we are clear that we 
are staying within the same guidance level that we've talked about. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal 
from UBS India. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, given we have seen some improvement in June in motor which is 
quite impressive, just wanted to understand the outlook going ahead 
and are we seeing some pricing improvement which has happened due 
to expense of management changes and no hike in Motor TP pricing 
for this year? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: As we said on the second point, not much, we have expected some 
more improvement because of the expense of management 
constraints. We have seen some bit of correction in terms of certain 
elements of PA price etc. for the sector. So, a lot of companies have 
improved some elements of pricing, but it is not to the extent that one 
had expected given the expense of management, as Gopal explained, 
you know, for a large number of companies in the sector, they're over 
their limit. As of now, we've not seen a change, but as we explained, 
we'll have to see what happens after Q1 FY2024 and how the regulator 
looks at industry numbers and Company specific numbers. So, we'll be 
watchful. From our perspective, we are well within the limit. We have a 
big cushion, but that doesn't mean that we are going to be profligate. 
We are focusing on building a sustainable business. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, what kind of growth in Motor portfolio we are now given the 
momentum is coming back, we are building in? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: As I said earlier the difficult part is behind us is what we think. So, our 
expectation is that we should definitely go in line with the market for this 
quarter. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And last question is on the tenure which you just mentioned in the 
opening remarks there is the guideline from the regulator, any 
incremental color on that? 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Neeraj,  this is something that we have been talking about earlier 
as well. So, obviously at an appropriate point of time,  as we keep 
saying succession planning is something that actively gets discussed 
at the BNRC and at the board level across management levels, so 
maybe at an appropriate time,  we will come back if at all wherever we 
have to make any necessary announcements. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Got it. And one last question on the ICICI Bank stake buy which would 
be happening over some time? Has any proceeding or approval from 
the regulators happened because there is no update on that front? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: I think they will announce it whenever they're ready to announce it. 
Obviously, they'll have to wait for to get all the approvals, but they've 
got enough time to do the same. As of now, we are awaiting all 
clearances from the regulators. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Thank you everyone for joining and look forward to interacting with you 
over the next few days. Feel free to reach out to us. Thank you very 
much. 
Gopal Balachandran: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would' , 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. July 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other 
risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there 
 
