  
 
            BLOOD TESTS • DIAGNOSTICS • WELLNESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited  
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 250 D, Udyog Bhavan, Hind Cycle Marg, Worli, Mumbai - 400 030. 
 
 
CIN: L73100MH2000PLC192798 Tel No.: 8422 801 801 Email: support@metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Website: www.metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Global Reference Laboratory: 4th Floor, Commercial Building-1A, Kohinoor Mall, Vidyavihar (W),  
 
 
Mumbai - 400 070. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2023-24/18                                                                       Date: May 24,2023 
 
To,  
Head, 
Listing 
Compliance 
Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542650 
To, 
Head, Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai- 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS
 
Sub: Intimation of Transcript of Earnings Call for Q4/FY 22-23  
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is in continuation to our letter bearing Reference No. MHL/Sec&Legal/2023-24/08 dated 
May 11, 2023. Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Q4/FY 22-23 Conference Call (i.e. 
Post Earnings/Quarterly Call), as organized by Axis Capital Limited on Wednesday, May 17, 
2023 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) wherein the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2023, were discussed.  
 
The same has also been uploaded on the Company’s website which can be accessed at 
www.metropolisindia.com  
 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Rakesh Agarwal 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
RAKESH 
KUMAR 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by RAKESH KUMAR AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=600028, st=Tamil 
Nadu, 
2.5.4.20=3dec63e74fb7329557f33720e9343831b2df
470281f04719855f89e66fffbbe1, 
pseudonym=776F7EB9BEBADFB4AE8DDEA4F6E486
1DA268D26A, 
serialNumber=D42C744682B7CDE99FC5CF6537C0A
295DB87F353E19B0BF2ECBA4C648EB475D2, 
cn=RAKESH KUMAR AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.05.24 12:00:37 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 17th May 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AMEERA SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRAN CHEMMENKOTIL – CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRAKASH AGARWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q4 FY 2023 Earnings Conference Call of Metropolis 
Healthcare Limited, hosted by Axis Capital Limited. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future 
performance of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prakash Agarwal from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Thanks, Ryan, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I, Prakash Agarwal, 
welcome you all for the Q4 Fiscal '23 Earnings Call for Metropolis Healthcare Limited. Today, 
from the management, we have Ms. Ameera Shah, Managing Director, Mr. Surendran 
Chemmenkotil, CEO, and Mr. Rakesh Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. 
With this, I hand over the call to Ms. Ameera for her opening remarks. Thank you. 
Ameera Shah: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the Q4 FY '23 earnings call. As 
mentioned, I'm joined by Suren and Rakesh and our IR advisors, SGA. We've uploaded our 
updated investor presentation and press release on the stock exchanges and the website, and I 
hope you have the opportunity to go through the same. 
FY '23 has been a financially challenging year for the diagnostics industry. While we witnessed 
the entry of many new competitors leading to more B2B discounts and decentralized testing, on 
the B2C side, the industry witnessed certain changes in consumer trends like the increased 
adoption of digital technology. At the same time, there was a mismatch in the profit and loss in 
the first quarter, but COVID revenues fell off steeply, while manpower cost from previous years 
has increased due to COVID. The new industry trends in the last 18 to 24 months have weakened 
the unorganized players with decline in volume growth as consumers are shifting to bigger 
brands and better customer experience. 
Further, in the absence of a regulatory environment, consumers are assuming the 2,000 labs who 
are approved for COVID PCR tests are the more advanced labs compared to the rest of the 
unorganized sector of 300,000 labs and migrating to these 2,000 due to brand. This will provide 
a long runway of growth for the organized sector. 
Let me update you on the competitive landscape in the industry. Investors have been hearing a 
lot about competitive intensity in the last year. And while it is certainly true that the entry of 
many new competitors has brought a different dynamic to the table, the ground reality is that the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
competitive intensity is more nuanced than general and high in some pockets and not high in 
some. The industry has been witnessing pricing pressure, particularly in the B2B semi-
specialized segment. Where the intermediate margins or customer discounts are expanding, the 
price is not changing for the customer. And for Metropolis, this segment comprises a single digit 
of our overall revenue. This is the easier entry point into the industry as the most scientific 
approach takes great expertise and time to build trust. 
We are not facing heat in pricing on the B2C side as customers come to us when they are unwell 
for critical areas, and pricing is truly not the major factor in their decision making or in the 
specialized segment in B2B, where, again, trust and quality drive prescription. This business, 
the value wellness and the highly discounted B2B was never our focus and, therefore, does not  
dent Metropolis growth prospects. Even in our core markets like Bombay and Pune, there was a 
fear of competitive intensity impacting Metropolis growth. 
We have not seen this to be an obstacle in our growth in FY '23. In fact, our growth in Mumbai 
and Pune has been extremely strong and outperformed all peers. Equipped with a strong 
scientific brand and opportunity to build density of centres in these markets, along with strong 
prescription generation from doctor and B2C activity, we believe a double-digit growth will 
continue in our key markets. 
As more illness volumes increased and as we have already now seen non-COVID normalized, 
the organized players will be the biggest beneficiary and will grow at a faster pace via vis-à-vis 
the players which are focusing on discounts and low pricing first rather than science and 
customers. At Metropolis, we are successful in building this trust amongst the doctor fraternity 
and our consumers, which will help us with more sticky business and repeat testing. 
Specifically, FY '23 was a challenging year for Metropolis but also a critical year for our 
transitioning to Metropolis 3.0. Some of these challenges were external challenges like the 
financial impact of a steep drop of COVID test -- PCR testing, higher time for normalization of 
non-COVID testing, many new competitors entering during COVID, which increased market 
intensity and the digital adoption by consumers, which itself was new in health care and require 
the industry to build new capability. 
Some were internal challenges like the change of the CEO, the vast rumour surrounding 
Metropolis and the promoters' intent to raise investments, the unexpected income tax surge faced 
by us and several large health care players and an unethical competitor using the Hitech brand 
for nine months and trying to fool consumers despite a legal trademark owned by Metropolis. 
While some of these affected the momentum of business in FY '23, the long-term opportunity 
continues to be robust, and I'm happy to share that despite these challenges, Metropolis 
successfully reported 18% non-COVID revenue growth, which is the highest amongst leading 
players in the industry. Even excluding COVID, excluding the government contracts and 
excluding the acquisition, the growth was 15% similar to pre-COVID. 
We continue to keep a laser-sharp focus on execution, and we strengthened the quality of our 
business last year. We retained and expanded our talent pool, grew our network significantly 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
and built material new capabilities for the future. We have also just concluded our Metropolis 
3.0, 3-year strategic planning, and we'll be happy to share details in the next quarter’s investor 
call. However, we would like to touch briefly upon a few of the points. 
We will be looking at a very aggressive network expansion in the next three years. We will focus 
on penetrating deeper in our core geographies by expanding our reach into Tier 2 and Tier 3 
towns, and these are locations where Metropolis enjoys brand recognition. We're also widening 
our geography by entering relatively new markets in North and East and have been able to 
successfully grow in these markets as well. 
In this last year, we have opened five new labs in the North in Bareilly, Varca, Ambala, Noida 
and Faridabad and have grown faster than competition in the specialized segment. Our growth 
in North India was at 30% in Q4 FY '23 due to improved brand recognition amongst doctors and 
hospitals and more D2C activities, taking our brand to the consumer for wellness. We continue 
to commit our energies and resources to our strategy of opening 90 labs and 1,800-plus centres 
by 2025 across the country. Of which, we have so far created 30 labs and 1,057 centres in the 
last 2 years. 
The second thing we'll be focusing on will be wellness testing. We've created the right set of 
wellness packages based on data analytics and science and have been educating consumers via 
our D2C engagement model for wellness packages. We believe that wellness will be a strong 
pillar of growth for Metropolis going forward, and we don't use price as a USP like many peers 
in the industry but the brand promise of better content that you could use to improve your health, 
the trust that your results are accurate and the ease to engage with Metropolis with the click of a 
button. Our average realization for these premium packages is INR2,000-plus, and these tests 
are margin-accretive to Metropolis. We -- in Metropolis 3.0, we will continue to focus on our 
wellness business and take our current contribution of 15% to closer to 20% in the future. 
The third area we will focus on is our specialized test menu as we know that Metropolis has the 
widest range of test menu on our umbrella, and we are continuously adding more and more. This 
last year, we added 83 new tests in FY '23. And in this next year, we will continue to engage 
with the scientific community, educate them on the better and alternative tests available with 
Metropolis and add one test every three days. 
We are also adding people in our sales force to strengthen and accelerate our doctor engagement 
activities in our new geographies to gain doctor's trust for higher volumes, especially for 
specialized test. We have increased our doctor outreach program by conducting CMEs, which is 
continuing medical education programs, and approach new specialized doctors in our core 
geography and new territories as well. 
We have done approximately 200 CMEs in the FY '23 and have approached more than 10,000 
new doctors through one-on-one connect and 20,000 doctors digitally through Met robots, 
especially the doctors practicing in the field of oncology, gastroenterology and neurosurgeons. 
These are all the specialized doctors in the country. We're happy to inform you that these doctors 
have been continuously engaging with our teams to exchange thoughts for better outcome. In 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
the next year, we plan to conduct more than 500 CMEs and continue to expand our reach to 
many doctors on a continuous basis. 
The fourth thing that we'll focus on will be to continue to strengthen our IT infrastructure. As 
we know, we have been driving significant growth via digital channels, and we have adapted 
from being only scientifically focused pre-COVID and driving doctor-led B2C business to now 
also being a brand-led business driving D2C, which is direct-to-consumer testing. We have built 
our new technology stack with new and improved app, redesigned website and a new channel 
via WhatsApp messenger that will help us serve all our customers better and drive more 
efficiencies in the business. 
Pilots of the new technology have been rolled out and will be completed in quarter 1 of this year 
across India. This will significantly improve customer experience. Although our NPS is already 
high, we believe that this can go even further and improve our visibility and data analytics in the 
business. 
If we look at -- the last opportunity will be the inorganic opportunity and a complementary 
business. Apart from the organic growth, we'll continue to explore bolt-on acquisitions to grow 
via the organic route. We believe sooner or later, the industry has to consolidate with few large 
players controlling the majority of the market share on a Pan-India basis, with some regional 
competition in specified pockets. We continuously look out for opportunities, which will be a 
strategic fit for Metropolis in terms of culture, DNA, sticky consumer play, but at the right track. 
We're also exploring opportunities in the basic radiology space, which is a strategic cross-sell 
for Metropolis due to its wide reach to its network across the country and brand equity. Basic 
radiology usually is things like ECG, x-ray, sonography and not MRI and CT. 
We are extremely happy and proud to inform that Metropolis is the first diagnostics company 
certified as a great place to work. In the industry of a short pool of talent, we have been able to 
retain and add more talent to our organization. 
I'd like to just quickly comment on our ESG initiative. And most of our initiatives will be focused 
on energy conservation, water and waste management, strengthening the diversity and inclusion 
program and improving the diversity and new hire ratio, launch of an exclusive program on 
women's leadership. Foster -- we foster  diverse and accountable governance by partnering with 
external consultants to initiate with the consulting firm the process of ISO, continue to maintain 
high ethical standards, protecting and securing data infrastructure and identity and, from a 
governance perspective, complete patient privacy and electronic health records. We have 
enabled the program to set targets for each of these and track our progress against these 
consistently. 
With this, I'd like to hand over to Suren for our update on the year gone by along with the 
execution plans going forward. He has nicely settled into Metropolis and is bringing in stronger 
execution rigor, and I'm confident of the success of our plan with the new momentum that I'm 
seeing. 
Over to you, Suren. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Thank you, Ameera, and good morning, everyone. So on  business trend, while our reported 
numbers show a decline, the underlying story is very promising. Our core business growth, that 
is revenue excluding COVID testing, Hitech and the PPP contract, which is not our core focus 
area, our revenues for quarter 4 grew by 15% year-on-year, which is at pre pandemic levels. The 
same 15% growth was delivered for the whole year as well. 
The PPP contract impact was due to government decision to insource a business, which is earlier 
managed by Metropolis. All tender business will come to an end, depending upon the year it was 
contracted for. This has impacted quarter 4 numbers. However, the positive news is that the core 
business revenue is growing faster than the market and the peers, driven by volume growth of 
13% and RPP increase of 2% for full year '23. 
The quality of growth is strong, as driven by B2C revenue growth, which has been 17% for 
quarter 4 '23 and 20% for full year '23. We have been able to deliver 18% B2C growth in Mumbai 
and 23% B2C growth in Pune, highlighting our strength in our core geographies despite 
competition from existing players and entry of new players. The growth in this market is a mix 
of volume, RPP and product mix. 
At the end of March, we have taken a price increase of approximately 4% on about 900 low-
volume tests, which should give a net benefit of -- on overall revenues of approximately 1% for 
full year '23/'24. And also, we will evaluate a price increase on other cash in the course of the 
year. 
For margins, our operating EBITDA margins are comparable to pre-COVID in the range of 37% 
while the reported margin is about 25.5%. The cap is on account of new investments in network 
expansion, which has diluted the margin by about 120 bps. 
Despite of this aggressive lab expansion, we have delivered the highest margins amongst similar 
industry players. This has been a combination of operational efficiency, realization benefits and 
product mix, giving -- driving specialized test and premium wellness. We believe with 
normalized volumes and higher productivity from new business -- new investments in the 
network, we will be able to deliver better margins in the future. In prescriptions from doctors for 
illness and specialized B2B segment, where accuracy and trust are more critical, we do not 
envisage much pricing pressure. 
We believe technology is important for the evolving business needs, and during COVID, while 
we saw digital platforms play a super leading role in all industries, including health care, this 
trend has not continued as significantly post-COVID. Now the use of technology is more 
inclined for servicing the consumer and enhancing the overall experience less as a customer 
acquisition tool. While many wellness and affording tech-savvy consumers prefer digital 
booking and home visit, many middle-class customers on the illness that prefer walking to a 
centre for the diagnostics requirement or getting a home visit via phone. Hence, we have been 
deploying equal focus on the digital platform and our network expansion strategy. 
A Metropolis customer can access services as comfortably through both options. While home 
visits continue to grow, this is a normalized growth and not a hockey-stick growth. While most 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
peers do home visits through franchisee centres, at Metropolis, part of it gets accounted directly 
and part of it is scattered through our retail franchisee centres. Both get accounted as a part of 
the B2C revenue, but it is difficult to differentiate home visit versus walk-in at the retail 
franchisee centre level. 
Moving on to update on Hitech. As mentioned, Hitech was a strategic fit under the Metropolis 
umbrella to expand a middle-income brand in Tamil Nadu. As mentioned, poaching by unethical 
player in the South, which have impacted revenue growth of -- for about nine months. However, 
we defended our trademark and won and stabilized our operations and brand and still grew 
positively. We are confident on Hitech business growing. Going forward, our strategy will be 
add another 50 centres in the next one year, aiming at faster industry growth in full year '24, 
focus on margin expansion with increased efficiency and productivity to operating leverage 
playing out. 
Margins in Hitech for full year '23 stood at 27%, which we believe will increase going forward. 
Addition of test menu to attain better product mix and productivity per centre, deployment of 
talent especially from the scientific engagement perspective to cross-sell more specialized tests, 
which is currently offered by Metropolis, also by creating a digital journey for customers for 
acquisition and servicing of customers. 
Coming to the strategy for Metropolis going forward. We will have a clear focus on expanding 
the network aggressively. We aim to expand our lab network in strong states of Karnataka, 
Gujarat and Maharashtra to provide complete testing services in Tier 2, Tier 3 markets and 
strengthen our leadership position at the state level. 
Additionally, we plan to enter strategic locations to penetrate newer markets, especially in the 
states of Assam, Bihar, West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa, Jharkhand, 
Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. We plan to open 30 new labs, around 800 centres in full year 
'24 as compared to 14 labs and 540 centres last year. 
While the largest network will surely drive faster volumes and revenue, we would also want to 
increase the visibility of Metropolis brand across the country and improve revenue productivity 
per centre. We have deployed a lot of data analytics in the strategy planning of labs and 
collection centres and a separate distribution and project team, which will be directly reporting 
to me, for opening a lab until they reach maturity with a  stipulated time frame. With this focus, 
our goal is to start lab and centres on time and improve success rates on opening new centres. 
With stronger execution rigor, we believe the business will be on track to deliver better volumes 
and growth. Not only our focus will be to expand our network but also, as I mentioned, focus on 
enhancing the productivity of each centre, especially the young network through our D2C 
engagement model. 
We have been working on -- working to strengthen our digital and technology capabilities over 
the last one year. We have been introducing various B2C engagement programs via our web, 
mobile app and social media platforms. Through these engagements, we ensure customer 
acquisition and educating the customer for the right set of tests, packages or symptom to take an 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
appropriate test. We have recently enabled our system to engage customers via WhatsApp chat 
box. It's a virtual, which will help to solve most of the queries via WhatsApp chat and cross-sell 
services. The feature is a function like test booking, centre location optimization, reports with 
historical trends, suggested test, etcetera, and also be able to track the life cycle of a member, 
enabling us to have focused engagement. 
We believe in our industry, whether for  ordering medicine or booking diagnostic tests, these are 
transaction purchases where some consumers log into the apps only when they need to order 
something or to book a test. We do not see a much browsing time on the app by how much 
engagement over content. And this is seen by the low time spent by the consumers on these apps. 
So while Metropolis is completely omnichannel, we believe this will be used more for servicing 
our customers and for customer life cycle management. Online customer acquisition will happen 
primarily via the website, and majority of customer acquisition will be soon off-line. 
On the back end, we have been piloted our new sales and service CRM and registration tools 
which will enable the customer experience. In full year '24, we will roll out significant lab 
automation and process automation for better productivity and a separate module for our B2B 
customers for ease of doing business. We are continuously working on increasing our revenues 
through digital media and alongside making our back-end system stronger for better process and 
control for enhancing productivity. 
Now on the wellness. We have also been -- we have seen volumes picking up from the wellness 
segment and are hopeful of this trend to continue. Additionally, the spread of health care services 
and insurance has made the diagnostic industry the critical segment of the industry. The 
collaboration of various corporates and MNCs, diagnostic centres for the health care check-up 
for their staff and families will further boost the volume, especially for the large, organized 
players on a Pan-India basis. 
For Metropolis, our wellness segment has grown exceptionally -- shown an exceptional growth 
of 45% last year, with revenue contribution moving to 15% of the total pie. We believe the 
opportunity here continues, and we aim to take this number close to 20%. 
On the D2C engagements, we have done about 800 number of health check-up camps in the last 
year and would be accelerating these efforts to engage more direct-to-consumer for targeting 
customers of repeat testing. These health check-up scans are basically done for large societies 
or to capture a catchment area within a specified geography. These camps typically add more 
branding and customer outreach for Metropolis, which will efficiently help us in consumer 
acquisition and retention. This will act as a funnel for customer acquisition and cross-sell and 
upsell for chronic as well as wellness testing. 
Now to sum it up, we have witnessed a consistent high-teen to mid-teen growth of non-COVID 
revenues for the last four quarters, not only by continuing to be very respected doctors across 
the country but also by introducing technology and consumer connect that makes life easier for 
consumer. In quarter 4, we have seen 15% growth in our core diagnostics business, excluding 
Hitech and PPP contracts. We believe Metropolis is rightly placed to attain higher market share 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
across geographies and should be able to outperform the industry growth on revenue front with 
better margins to follow. 
With that, I will hand over to Rakesh Agarwal, CFO of Metropolis Healthcare. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. Thanks, Suren, and good morning, everyone. I will take you through a few key highlights 
for the quarter and year-ended full year '23, following which, we will open the floor for Q&A 
session. 
Let me begin with the operational highlights. First, our B2C revenue has grown at 17% for Q4 
financial year '23 and 20% for full year financial '23, indicating our strong doctor and consumer 
connect across markets. Our B2C business for our focus cities like Mumbai and Pune has grown 
by 18% and 23%, respectively. This is again witnessing our strong brand presence in our core 
geographies. The growth in focus cities has been a mix of volume and value growth, volume 
growth indicating increase in market share and the value growth indicating better product mix 
and sustainable prices. 
Revenue share of the B2C business for focus cities stood at 60% in 2023, which stick to our 
target of 65% contribution from B2C business in focus cities in the short to midterm. Revenue 
contribution from B2C stood at 50% of the total revenue as compared to 47% in financial year 
'22 and 42% in financial '20. Our B2C includes revenue from home visit and walk-in at our own 
and franchisee centres. It does not include B2B collections done by franchisee centres revenue 
from ARC. That is exclusive to the franchisee centres. 
Our specialized and premium wellness segments are the fastest-growing segment. Revenue 
contribution from specialized test, excluding COVID and allied test, stood at 33% for quarter 4 
financial year '23, indicating a growth of 16% on a Y-o-Y basis. Contribution from revenue from 
wellness increased from 11% in Q4 finance year '22 to 15% in Q4 financial '23, with a growth 
of 43% on a Y-o-Y basis. And the segment for full year '23 grew by 45%. 
We have not only seen growth in our core geographies but also on our noncore geographies. Our 
revenue in noncore market like North has grown by 30% for Q4 financial year '23 on a Y-o-Y 
basis. On this, 25% has been account of volume growth and 5% on account of realized benefit. 
Of the above core growth of 15%, 14% has been driven by volume growth. And 1% has been 
on account of the realization benefit. 
Let us now come to the Q4 and full year financial year key financial highlights. Total revenue 
for Q4 financial year '23 stood at INR283 crores and for financial year '23 stood at INR1,148 
crores. Non-COVID revenue for financial year '23 stood at INR1,104 crores, at a growth of 18% 
for financial year '23 on Y-o-Y basis. Non-COVID revenue for Q4 financial year '23 grew by 
9% for Q4 financial year '23 and stood at INR276 crores. 
EBITDA before CSR and ESOP is at INR72.5 crores in Q4 financial year '23 as compared to 
INR82.2 crores in Q4 financial '22. EBITDA before CSR and ESOP for financial year stood at 
INR304.4 crores. EBITDA margin before CSR and ESOP stood at 25.7% for Q4 financial year 
'23 and 26.5% for financial year '23. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Profit after tax stood at INR33.5 crores in quarter 4 financial year '23. PAT margin has been 
impacted on account of higher interest costs due to acquisition of Hitech Diagnostic and higher 
depreciation on account of investment done to fuel the future engine growth. Since we have paid 
our majority of the debt and balance INR79 crores is planned to be paid in H1 of this year, we 
expect increase in PAT margin going forward. 
PAT for financial year '23 stood at INR143.4 crores as compared to INR214.7 crores, down by 
33%. However, we had onetime exception gain in financial year '23 -- '22 of INR16 crores. If 
you exclude that one-off gain from the base year, PAT will be down by 26%. We envisage PAT 
margin to grow going forward on the back of low interest cost on account of debt repayment by 
H1 of this financial year. 
Coming to our working capital ratios, our debtor days as on March '23 stood at 30 days, and 
there is a slight improvement as compared to March '22. Overall, working capital stood at 14 
days as of March '23, which is a similar level as compared to March '22. Our OFC to EBITDA 
is stronger at 102% for financial year '23. Cash and cash equivalents stood at INR106 crores as 
of March '23. Gross debt stood at INR79 crores as of March '23. We plan to repay this debt by 
H1 financial year '24. 
This is all from our side. We now leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from Tanmay Gandhi with Investec. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
So my first question is on the PPP revenue. So it accounted for almost 5% to 6% of the revenue 
in 4Q FY '22, right? So why is this not a core segment for us to focus on, given that it's margin-
accretive, realization-accretive? And why were we unable to renew the contract given we have 
strong presence in specialized testing? 
Ameera Shah: 
Thanks for the question, Tanmay. I think PPP has not been a focus area for Metropolis because, 
frankly, this contract was a one-off contract, which focused on specialized tests. All the other 
PPP contracts in India only focus on routine test, and it's very commoditized. And the quality of 
service is expected, and therefore, the price connection we don't feel matches the kind of product 
that Metropolis provides. So therefore, it is not a core focus for us. 
The NACO contract was a one-off contract, which focused on specialized test, which is why we 
had bid for it, and we won it for the initial three years, which then got extended for another two 
years because they were very happy with our work. At the end of five years, the government 
decided to do this testing on their own. So actually, they have not done a new tender at all, and 
they have not given it to anybody else either. They decided to insource it. 
So tender business, as we know, will come and have a contractual period. And therefore, our 
focus has always been more on the core business, which is about sort of a continuing revenue, 
which is not based on a contracted business in short period of year. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Understood. And secondly, on the realization front. So if you look at our wellness, the 
realization, so it has declined by 8% to 9% year-on-year. And even if you look at last three, four 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
quarters, the trend, it has been declining. So anything to read into it? And how do we expect 
realization growth going forward? 
Ameera Shah: 
See, I think Metropolis has always been in the premium wellness space. And if you just step 
back and look at that, our earlier realizations were close to 2,800. They are currently close to 
2,200. So it's really not in the mass space at all where most mass health check-ups are in 500, 
400, 600. So we are very much still in the premium wellness space. We're just based on different 
markets. 
So for example, in our urban city or in a city like Bombay, you may -- we still get much higher 
realization or Pune, our other market. But in obviously, smaller markets, your realizations would 
be lesser. So as the geography mix is changing slightly and as we are trying to create even more 
inclusivity into our packages, our range is really between 2,000 to 3,000, and we'll expect to 
maintain within that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Shyam Srinivasan with Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just the first one is on volume growth. I think core -- like what you're calling out, core business 
volume growth of 15%. Can you help us disaggregate it into like same-store plus network? I'm 
just trying to see what's the impact of the new network additions that we have done over the last 
couple of years. How -- what is the kind of volumes it's contributing versus the -- our pre-existing 
stores? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So you are right that our core volume growth is around 14% for the full year and 15% for quarter 
ending Q4. And the total revenue contributed by the new network, which is coming after April 
'22 is around 4%, and this is increasing as the network is maturing. So whatever came after April 
'22, the contribution is 4% as of now on the total revenue. And the volume contribution is again 
in a more or less similar range, and we expect this to grow as we mature in the future. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
So if I then break it down, 10% has come from old stores before April 2022, and 4% has come 
from stores after 2022. Is that correct? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
So in terms of the 10% growth on the mature stores, if I can use the term, so what is driving 
growth there for us specifically? Is it penetration increasing at these stores? Or if you can help 
us understand the dynamics there, please? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So yes, definitely, one is obviously the patient coming in per store is increasing for us, and we 
are seeing that continuously. We are going -- as rightly mentioned earlier also that the D2C, 
which is -- we are increasing in our core areas, and we are doing a lot of health camps, which is 
giving us a lot of visibility. So we are continuously seeing the patient per centre going up in our 
own centre as well as franchisee centre, and that is the major area which is increasing our volume 
and growth in the current centres. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just last couple of questions. I'll keep it short. Mr. Surendran talked about price increases, 4% 
price hike in March. So what's the motivation for taking price increases? And when you talk 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
about evaluating price increase for the rest of the portfolio, so what gives us the comfort? I think 
Ms. Ameera also talked about competition. So just trying to weigh  in the competitive dynamics 
versus the price hike, what we are contemplating. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So this price hike of 4% is done basically on a very selected test of 900. So we have not changed 
the overall portfolio. This 900 test are basically a specialized segment test where there is a low 
volume, and we feel that the competition pressure is much lower in this 800, 900 test. And that 
is the reason why we have taken a bit of a moderating price increase in this test, and as said by 
Surendran, this whole increase of price will give us around 1% of the growth in the coming year, 
which will be full year '23/'24 and we will contemplate as we go forward in '23/'24 that whether 
we have further opportunities of price increase because we have seen our competitor actually 
increasing price more aggressively, but we have been bit muted in this. But we'll see if the 
opportunity arise, and we'll get this opportunity '23/'24. 
Ameera Shah: 
Just to add to that, we believe that the brand premium is strong and people would accept price 
increases. But I think the key question to ask at this point is the focus on volume or is the focus 
on RPP realization. So while we believe that there is an acceptance of price increase, we are 
choosing at this point to grow the volume without really impacting realization through price and 
really impacting realizations more through product mix as we keep moving up the ladder and as 
we keep trying to push more and more specialized test. So I think that's more of our strategy. 
But we believe like we said that the brand premium can sustain the price increase if we choose 
to go in that direction. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Very helpful. Just the last data point, maybe you can get it off-line as well, but just a split of 
volume into RT-PCR. I know it's getting smaller PPP contract, core volume when you call it, 
which is non-COVID, non-PPP, non-Hitech, so if you can get the split, even later is fine, but 
just a request. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: Yes, yes, we will be get back to you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Rahul Agarwal with Incred Capital. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
First question to Ameera, essentially on the market behaviour and the sentiment. So in a 3-part 
question, have you seen entry of new players, specifically in the last 12 months? Because I have 
seen none. 
Second is in terms of employee attrition behaviour. Do you see that has normalized for national 
brands like you? Because it was -- it seemed like it was higher when there were a lot of entry of 
new digital labs. 
And third is on the -- since normal life is back and the normal infections are back, obviously, 
that helps non-COVID volumes, do you see next three years better than the last three years 
specifically on a non-COVIDbusiness? That's the first question. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you. Thanks for the question. For sure, I'll start with the last one. I believe the next three 
years will be definitely superior to the last three years as far as non-COVID goes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Obviously, the two years of COVID really brought down the non-COVID business. And 
obviously, this last year of a lot of consumer trends and disruption happening with competitive 
entry as well as -- it's just the trends changing, and more than anything, non-COVID not coming 
back to its normalcy was, like I said, a challenging year. So I believe the next three years for the 
industry for the organized sector will be, I think, quite strong for non-COVID. And I certainly 
think Metropolis will be ahead of the pack just from a perspective of the opportunity for us as 
well as the execution plan that we have. 
Your second question. As far as new people come in, in the last 12 months, I would say after the 
announcements that were made of a bunch of pharma companies coming in, hospital companies, 
etcetera, I think some of them are still in preparation mode. A couple of them have not launched 
yet. One of them has not launched yet, and I think that launch will happen this year of a pharma 
company. But I think otherwise, everybody has already launched and is already operating in the 
market. So we don't -- we are not expecting at this point any new entrants to come in who have 
not already come in. 
And thirdly, your question around attrition. And just one point that even when these new players 
have come in, like we said, we have not really seen any of the new players do anything in a very 
different way. It's definitely more of sort of the similar and pursuing two parts of the business. 
One is the value wellness business, which is around INR500, INR600 patient as well as the B2B 
discounted business, which is the semi-specialized, where again, the revenue per test tend to be 
much lower, not only because these tests tend to be less critical clinically but also because of the 
high discounting. So we are not expecting to see anything very different from that from any new 
players coming in. 
On the last question of attrition, the attrition we saw during the COVID year was more on the 
scientific side because everybody who wanted to start COVID testing was looking for trained 
people in the molecular biology department. So we certainly saw technical team attrition at that 
time. The last year, the attrition we saw was actually not because of the digital players, was more 
because of the players from hospitals or pharma companies entering and who wanted salespeople 
in their off-line work, right? 
Actually, if you see the people who started as  digital players have actually all moved to off-line 
as well because they've understood that the demand online, which actually spiked during COVID 
for COVID testing as well as for wellness, has definitely come down, and that demand is now 
not sustaining that growth of revenues anymore. And therefore, all of them are attempting to 
again go after the B2B discounted semi-specialized business off-line. And therefore, their cost 
base is increasing quite dramatically. And without obviously -- or the lack of sort of the large 
test menu or all of that, the challenges will be obviously different. But I think we're definitely 
seeing the competitive intensity not be as hectic as it was last year. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. And second question is on numbers. Just specifically on PPP, the INR76 crores in fiscal 
'22 has come down to INR67 crores. What should we expect for fiscal '24? Because I'm not 
really sure what was a macro annual revenue. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
And secondly, on the margins, does that hold up at current levels, 25.5% going forward? Or do 
you expect more dilution because of your investment into infra and IT? 
Ameera Shah: 
Sure. So on the PPP, we -- like we said, the PPP contract ended in February of '23. And therefore, 
it has not reflected completely in this Q4 either. It only reflected for one month in Q4. And the 
two months in Q4, there was no revenue from PPP. Obviously, the business will not continue 
into FY '23/'24, and that was about INR67 crores for the whole year in FY '22/'23. 
As far as the margin goes, we are definitely aspirational that we would continue to protect the 
current margin. As you know, we are continuing on the expansion, lab expansion. We are adding 
30 labs for this year along with 600 to 800 centres. And therefore, we want to continue to focus 
on expanding our market, our market share and our revenue growth, and we believe that this 
investment in margin, while it will continue to dilute instead of operational EBITDA at 27%, we 
have reported EBITDA of 25.5%. This 1.5%, we'll continue to invest back in the business 
because we know that at the point we stop investing in new labs, we can very easily move back 
to an operational EBITDA level. So I think that will continue to be our plan over the next couple 
of years. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Just a clarification, the INR67 crores was entirely in NACO, is it? 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes, that's right. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Anuj Saleja with ICICI Prudential Life. 
Anuj Saleja: 
Yes. So just one question on the lease liabilities front. If you can just explain -- so I understand 
that labs have -- more labs have come in, but lease liabilities are up from INR120 crores broadly 
to about INR186 crores year-on-year. So could you please explain what all is included in these 
lease liabilities? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So basically, the lease liabilities consist of two, three things. One, obviously, we keep 
moving from the rental piece of the equipment, which we purchased, so there is a two modelling 
equipment. One is the purchase model. One is the rental model. The moment we go with the 
rental model, there is one lease component, which is already included in that. So last year, we 
have moved a lot of contracts of our -- from outright purchase model to lease model because we 
had seen a lot of benefit out of it. And you can see overall, our gross margin has increased. So 
that is one area where the more we shift from a purchase model to a lease model in the -- from 
the equipment point of view, we will see this lease liability going up. 
Obviously, second is that our -- the moment we opened a lot of A-PSC, there is a rent component, 
which is one of the major component coming into that. So as we increase our centre and we 
again have an aggressive plan this year, so the moment we increase our -- this centre so that rent 
component will come as a lease liability. 
So these are the two major components. But I will say that this equipment -- change of equipment 
contracts from outright purchase to a lease model has made some difference in this amount. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Anuj Saleja: 
Okay. So that's one. Just one last question on the borrowing fees. So borrowings have come 
down significantly, which is a really big positive from INR259 crores to broadly about INR78 
crores, INR80 crores now. So would it be right to say that you've already paid up the loan that 
you've taken for Hitech? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So there is only INR79 crores left out, which we are planning to pay in H1 this year. And 
that will also help us to reduce our interest costs, which may reflect and extending our PAT 
margin as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Prakash Agarwal with Axis Capital Limited. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Just one question on the guidance you gave on double-digit growth. So with the expansion that 
you're talking about, how do you think the double-digit would shape up? Would it be early teens, 
mid-teens or high teens or it could cross even that? 
Ameera Shah: 
Look, I mean, I think at this point, the point I mentioned about double-digit growth was actually 
specifically for Bombay and Pune. Look, I think on the core business side, I think there's a lot 
that we are doing. There are many, many levers in place as far as growth of business. One is 
obviously the geographic expansion. The infrastructure we talked about building, also potential 
realization and product mix improvement, wellness. So there are a lot of levers at play which are 
all under execution as we speak. And we are hopeful to sort of surprise ourselves this year as to 
where the core business can reach. 
So I just want to be a little bit careful around giving too much guidance. But I think we are very 
hopeful, like I said, about certainly this year and the next couple of years on the core business 
just keeping aside the PPP side. But otherwise, I think we are very excited and hopeful about 
this year and the next couple of years. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. Great. You also mentioned about your focus is on volumes given the expansion and also 
spoke about that you're investing 1.5% in the expansion of new centres, etcetera. So do you think 
with the current competitive landscape, achieving this 25% plus/minus is still achievable? 
Would that be correct to model it? 
Ameera Shah: 
Like we said, look, the current margin is a reflection of three, four things. One, obviously, the 
competitive intensity has already been playing out for the last in 18 to 24 months, and that's 
already captured in the current margin. We are seeing obviously some segments of the business 
margin is not growing as fast. Some segments of the business margin is growing faster. So it all 
depends upon which segment, which channel, which product to focus on, and that's going to 
determine your ultimate margin, but it's also a reflection of some amount of efficiencies and 
productivity in the system. So as I mentioned, we are hopeful that we can continue to protect the 
current margin and while we continue to expand on it. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Lovely. And lastly, on your comment on bolt-on acquisitions. So these are largely North and 
East. And have the valuations come off versus what you would be seeing in the last two, three 
years? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Ameera Shah: 
See, frankly, in the last two, three years, we really did not attempt to do any bolt-on acquisitions 
because the bolt-on acquisition size would be obviously quite small. And the reality is the level 
of effort and integration required to do any acquisition big or small is the same. And we never 
really attempted to do bolt-on in the last two, three years. I think we were too busy with COVID 
and the craziness in the industry. 
But I think going in this next three years, certainly, we would like to do that. That could be entry 
points into new markets. So some of those could be even in West and South, in markets in which 
we do not have currently sort of strong leadership. It could be in a small -- it could be in a city 
in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana. It could be in North and East. It could be Madhya Pradesh. So it 
would be across the country but basically looking at it from a city level and not looking at it 
from a state level. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Sayantan Maji with Credit Suisse. 
Sayantan Maji: 
So my first question is on EBITDA margin. I read in your comments -- in your presentation that 
it will be back to pre-COVID levels once the network expansion that you're doing, they fully 
mature. So for example, if the network expansion happens in FY '25 and they take, say, the last 
net incentives that are added in FY '25, if they are maturing in FY '26, '27. So by then, over 
longer term, you expect the margins back to 27%, 28% that we were doing pre-COVID? 
Ameera Shah: 
So pre-COVID, our margins were approximately between 26.5% to 27%. Yes, our expectation 
is that once the lab expansion matures and gives us sort of normalized EBITDA, we do hope 
that we can come back to those places. 
Sayantan Maji: 
Okay. Great. And you mentioned about adding 800 collection centres in FY '24. So we have 
added 1,000 since we undertook the network expansion. So the remaining 800, most of it is 
coming in FY '24 while, say, 50 labs, which are remaining out of the 90 labs, 30 are coming in 
FY '24 and 20 in  FY '25. Is that correct? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely, roughly. Actually, 30 labs out of the 90 already come in and 30 more labs 
planned for this year. So then that we will leave with about 30 more labs to come up from the 
plan of 90-30. 
And on the collection centres, 1,070 collections have already come up, and roughly 800 will 
more come in this year. So we may be almost completing that aspiration in this financial year 
itself. 
Sayantan Maji: 
Okay. Got it. And next question is on Hitech. So in Hitech, the revenues have sort of declined 
from INR100 crores, if I'm talking only non-COVID from INR100 crores to INR88 crores. So 
is it due to the restructuring that we're doing, the normalization of lab service network? So is it 
like a temporary thing and we expect the growth to come back to what the company -- overall 
company is reporting in the next year? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, so Hitech I think we have already explained that there were some disturbance last year, 
which had happened because of the -- some unethical poaching the brand, etcetera. So I think 
that affected the momentum for us in Hitech for almost nine months. This is now back. If you 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
look at the overall revenue, INR100 crores also included the rub-off, which basically you are 
not excluding that. So we have moved -- INR83 crores, INR84 crores of revenue had moved to 
INR84 crores -- INR88 crores, which is not a big number. But yes, we are expecting that this 
number will in line with or maybe more than what we're expecting in Metropolis this year. 
Sayantan Maji: 
Okay. Got it. And my final question is on other income. So on other income, that has reported a 
steep decline this quarter. So we used to report INR3 crores, INR4 crores, INR6 crores in the 
last quarter. This is INR1.2 crores. So what is the reason for this? Is there any one-off impact on 
this? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So see, other income is accumulation of a lot of factors. So one is obviously what is the cash you 
have in hand and what is the interest income you are earning. So if you look at currently because 
we are more focused on repaying our loan because that's at a higher interest rate. So that is the 
focus, and the cash in hand is quite small. So the interest income generated from that cash in 
hand is lower. 
And if you look at quarter-on-quarter, basically last year, we had other income INR1.5 crores, 
which has come down to INR1.2 crores, which is not a significant drop. But yes, from an overall 
year also if you look at INR13.4 crores of other income in financial year '22 has actually gone 
up to INR15.2 crores in financial year '23. So we'll check back the numbers because you are 
giving a different number. So see why these numbers are showing a decline. Yes, in quarter 3 
financial year '23, if you look at INR6.8 crores, there was one-off on gain of some forex 
exchange and something. So that I think is coming into that. So just we'll explain that. Otherwise, 
it's in line with what we are looking at every quarter. 
Sayantan Maji: 
Yes. So that's what actually was my next question because in the presentation in Q4 FY '22, it 
shows INR1.5 crores, but here when we reported, that was 5.7, so there was some dissonance 
over there. Anyway, so this -- the large part of the decline is mainly due to interest income is 
what you're saying? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Girish Shetty with Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Girish Shetty: 
Congrats on a good set of results. I just wanted to know on the breakup like you said -- and said 
that the PPP revenue will go to 0 from INR67 crores, right? And if I see your core business, 
which is growing at around 15%, PPP will go to 0, and the COVID business will become 
negligible. So how do you look at growth for the next year? Is it as a number -- overall base for 
this year like INR1,148 crores pre-COVID impact or overall growth will be around 5% for FY 
'24? 
Ameera Shah: 
No, I think that would be definitely more subdued than what our expectation is. So obviously, 
we are looking at the pieces in three parts. We are looking at, one, COVID, obviously, as we 
know, is only going down. Even this year, there has been a reasonable contribution from COVID, 
which obviously, as WHO has declared COVID is over and PCR testing is certainly not 
happening in any significant numbers. So COVID will certainly go down. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Yes, the NACO PPP will be 0. And now it is going to be really up to the core business to be able 
to continue to grow through all the levers or to be able to deliver sort of strong numbers. And -- 
but we certainly don't think that the overall number is going to be as low as 5%. 
Girish Shetty: 
Okay. Now then if I see the number of test, if I compare the non-COVID period 2019, where 
you used to do in 17 million tests and now we are at 24.5 million. So If I look at the 4-year 
number, it comes to around 9.5% growth over a 4-year period. So this also includes Hitech. How 
do we see this? Is this a normal number? Or is the core business still not normal? How do we 
see this volume growth over a 4-year period and comparing like-to-like as in non-COVID to 
non-COVID? 
Ameera Shah: 
As you see, we have done about 11% revenue CAGR in this 4-year period, and the volume 
growth, like you said, is about 9.5%. The challenge with looking at a CAGR, when you are 
looking in the crisis in the middle for 2.5 years, it's a bit challenging because the reality is that 
in those two years, the non-COVID obviously crashed. So therefore, it would be a -- it would 
not be a like-to-like to actually look at a CAGR period for non-COVID alone, but the numbers 
are the numbers. The whole industry CAGR, obviously, for these four years is very low for the 
simple reason that there was a crisis for 2.5 years. 
So I'm not really sure how to normalize that number. But I think if we look at the next three 
years of the business for non-COVID, I certainly believe it will be stronger than the last four 
years, assuming that there is no crisis from an epidemic perspective. 
Girish Shetty: 
Okay. Sure. And just on the core business breakup. So if I just break it up into premium wellness 
and the other part. So premium wellness has done very well, like 45% growth. And the other 
part, if I see it's around 12% growth. So fair to say the core business, excluding premium 
wellness, we can consider 12% to 13% growth as a fair number, and premium wellness is 
expected to grow at a faster rate going forward. Would that be a fair assumption? 
Ameera Shah: 
See, some of these things are not totally separate. I tell you why. And it's difficult to look at them 
completely separately because you're also part of premium wellness' bundling of packages. So 
for example, you have consumers or patients who will walk in, maybe requesting two or three 
tests and then you will present to them offerings that see they feel they have an advantage to do 
a larger package since they are getting blood, and they collect blood. It's being collected anyway. 
And they will choose to move to a wellness package. 
So these things are not so separate. Actually, the one feeds into the other in many ways. So while 
we are calling it premium wellness, it's also including bundling of sort of packages and upselling 
sort of existing patients or consumers who walk in and then who may choose to move to a larger 
package. So we have to see these sort of together and not so separate because there is an overlap 
between the 2. 
Girish Shetty: 
Sure, ma'am. That is helpful. Just last bookkeeping question. So other expenses in FY '23 -- FY 
'22, we used to do like INR250 crores to INR300 crores, which is like 25% of overall sales, 
which went up sharply in FY '22 and now in FY '23 as well. So if I break those other expenses 
out of this, the main cost component is rent, legal and professional and the postage and courier 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
expenses. So what can we classify here as a onetime expense? Or will this be a similar number 
like 30% of sales going forward as well like we did this year? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So other expense obviously has moved up. Mainly, one is obviously because that inflation is 
there, and that increases the -- all the expenses which we incur, so that obviously is one part of 
it. And obviously, if you look at the other expense, one component which is increasing was 
variable rent because we are expanding our network in a big way, and we have to pay a variable 
rent to be -- of our franchisee partner. 
So one component of this other expenses is increasing a bit, other than the other items is the 
variable rent because if you look at in the last three years, we have expanded our collection 
centres in a big way, and that is the plan going forward also. 
But to your question of whether this will remain at a 30% revenue or it will go down to 25%, 
which was pre-COVID, so I think this will be a factor of revenue generation and how the revenue 
move up, so my sense is that somewhere it will remain between 25% to 30%, but it's not expected 
to go further up. 
Girish Shetty: 
And legal expenses was around INR80 crores this year as well. It used to be in the INR30 crores, 
INR40 crores range before. 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So just give us some time. I think we'll take this point, and we'll come back to you on this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from Aditya with Securities Investment Management Company. 
Aditya: 
I just had one question. So you mentioned in your opening remarks that we are looking to foray 
into basic radiologic tests. So earlier when we used to talk to diagnostic companies, they weren't 
keen on radiology business as it was a capital-intensive business. So I just wanted to understand 
what has led to this change in your strategy? 
Surendran Chemmenkotil: So basically, like Ameera mentioned, we are talking about the basic radiology stuff, right? We're 
talking about ECG, x-ray and sonography, right? And definitely, ECG doesn't require too much 
of a capex and it's easy to expand and across the country. That's the first thing that we are trying 
to take it forward. 
And then, of course, we have some assets around x-ray, which we will not been -- I mean, 
relatively underutilized, and we try to maximize the usage of this and also use it to package along 
with the wellness packages that we have. And also whatever -- I mean, additional key markets 
like Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, etcetera, we'll just try to take this forward into some 
more centres. And sonography, of course, its got its own some amount of limitations, so we will 
cautiously but carefully go into some of the big markets that we have. So that's the plan around 
radiology as such. We are just taking some steps as we start this year, and we'll try to expand it 
as we go forward. 
Ameera Shah: 
Just to add, you have to remember that Metropolis has approximately almost 380 to 400 centres, 
which are actually owned and operated by us. What we -- and the retail segment call patient 
service centres. These spaces are utilized purely for blood collection and sample collection at 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
this point. And therefore, we do have an ability to also add radiology into these without adding 
infrastructural cost in any significant way because we already have the real estate with us. And 
it's about adding one more service in centres that already exist. So therefore, we believe that this 
could be an opportunity with the brand trust that the consumers do have for Metropolis. Offering 
a holistic service of basic radiology plus pathology will give value to the consumer and patients 
so they don't have to go to two different locations. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to Ms. Ameera Shah for closing comments. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you to all the people for joining us today in this conference call. As mentioned, I think 
while we have all seen lots of noise and a bit of chaos in the industry in the last 18 to 24 months, 
we do believe that the dust is settling. COVID has come back -- has sort of -- has left us, and 
non-COVID, which is our regular business, illness has come back to normalcy. We've also had 
a chance to put behind some of the challenges of the last year, and we start a fresh with Suren 
on board as well and a very strong team. 
We have a very aggressive plan for the next two to three years on where we would like to go. 
And we believe this business is all about good management, execution rigor, operational 
excellence and really being able to fine-tune all the things and be able to make each team 
stronger. And I think we're very much on track to be able to do that. And we are quite -- like I 
said, quite hopeful and excited about what we believe the industry will bring. 
COVID was a great catalyst for many new people to come in, but it was also a great catalyst for 
the industry to become stronger from an organized sector perspective because for the first time, 
consumers started recognizing pathology in a significant way in their lives and started 
recognizing branded pathology as something which they made a decision on. So we do believe 
this is going to be a strong inflection point for the industry going forward. And we're very 
hopeful that as a very strong brand, which is trusted by doctors and consumers, we can go on to 
capture a significantly higher market share of it. 
In our next call, the next Board meeting, we would actually go into a lot of detail around the 
market and the details and the nuances of the market and help sort of all participants get an even 
a closer sense on how we plan to navigate this in detail. So very much looking forward to that 
conversation. And thank you, everybody, for joining us today. 
We continue to focus very strongly on our core business growth, which has been very high, even 
in a challenging year, probably industry leading. And we feel quite hopeful that, that will 
continue to be the case for this year and the next couple of years as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
