 
Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE-NSE/2023-24 
 
 
                                                      Date: July 31, 2023 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Script Code: 513349 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Script Code: AJMERA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings Call held 
on July 26, 2023 on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for First Quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
NITIN BAVISI 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
NITIN 
DINESHCHA
NDRA BAVISI
Digitally signed by NITIN 
DINESHCHANDRA BAVISI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=8645, 
pseudonym=f8ff217b04b829f1b2b75c
87c8f4b52268f5da253870f7b1ba92423
736a1d69c, postalCode=400067, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0b275fabbf5f2f97102d2
1dbb523aa0ae820348590d61506f839a
38c215c8b16, cn=NITIN 
DINESHCHANDRA BAVISI 
Date: 2023.07.31 17:24:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 26, 2023 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR.  DHAVAL AJMERA - DIRECTOR 
                                             MR. NITIN BAVISI – CFO 
                                             MS. SONIA AGARWAL – SR. MANAGER - IR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q1 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
We have with us today Mr. Dhaval Ajmera – the director of the company, Mr. Nitin Bavisi – the 
Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Sonia Agarwal – the Senior Manager for Investor Relations.  
 
Please note, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and one can ask questions only 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sonia Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Sonia Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome to all. On behalf of the company, 
I would like to thank you all for participating in Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Earning Call 
for first quarter of FY24.  
 
The call will commence with the opening remarks where Director – Mr. Dhaval Ajmera and will 
be followed by the business performance discussion by our CFO Mr. Nitin Bavisi. We have 
already shared the operational updates of the quarter in the first week of July 2023. The 
investor presentation and the press release based on the financial results adopted by the Board 
have been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website and can be downloaded from our Company 
website as well.  
 
Please do note that some of the statements in today's discussion may be forward looking in 
nature reflecting the company’s outlook and may involve certain risks and uncertainties that 
the company may face.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our Director, Mr. Dhaval Ajmera. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you, Sonia. Hello and good evening everyone. I hope everyone is having a good time and 
like us, I'm sure every one of us is really enjoying the way, the companies have been performing 
and India has been growing. We just hope that this continues, and we all are able to contribute 
to something or the other for our growing economy in India.  
 
Just to give you a small backdrop about all whatever is happening across globally, India still 
stands out for its growth, potential and outlook, the economic outlook always looks very 
promising with growth rates of 5.9% in 2023 and estimated at 6.3% in 2024. With this, we are 

 
Page 3 of 15 
very confident that real estate is also one of the major contributors to our growth and we can 
definitely see with whatever is happening in our results and also to many real estate companies 
all across India.  
 
I would also want to mention that, you know, with the 4.4% GDP growth rate, the nation is 
actually weathering to global economic headwinds. While the market remains resilient as 
Central Bank tightens monetary policies to target inflation levels, but still with all these options, 
we still see a good traction coming in real estate and just recently there has been news that 
the first half of the year from January to June 2023, the luxury market has really been on a 
upscale and has been on a growth of 50% year-on-year as compared to Jan to June 2023. So, 
this only shows customer confidence with the high demand especially in urban centers fueled 
by rising income levels, nuclear families, changing preferences and asking for better bigger 
homes is actually moving the demand up. So, this has been very encouraging.  
 
I would like to now continue with our company's performance, which has been remarkably 
very strong as evidenced with this impressive performance in quarter one of FY24. As we all 
know we have done a sales value of approximately INR 225 crores where we achieved a 
remarkable 60% increase over the last quarter, sales volume have also increased and shown a 
growth performance of about 96% to 1,35,000 square feet. This positive outcome is a 
testimony to our successful execution and revamped sales strategy which we applied for our 
projects in Lugaano and Florenza in Bangalore and we also got a great sales velocity and launch 
for our project as Ajmera Eden in Ghatkopar. These were the two, I would say, major drivers 
for our growth success for this quarter. 
 
Now coming to some exciting projects updates, I just want to start off with our flagship one 
Ajmera Manhattan, where we have sold and booked a value of about INR 656 crores, which is 
45% of the inventory already sold and the project has also got significant interest from buyers. 
We have been having steady sales happening in this project and construction has also been 
equally moving at a good pace where we have already reached in Tower B to the ground level 
and Tower A is almost on the verge of completion at the basement level.  
 
The Ajmera Greenfinity and Ajmera Sikova, our two other projects, the affordable project and 
the boutique office in Mumbai is also set to get completed and delivered in the quarter two of 
FY24 where we have about 84% and 89% of the respective projects' inventory already sold out. 
So, that projects have also been significantly completed and we are very sure by the time which 
is in the next over the next few months when we complete our project, we should be 100% 
sold out.  
 
Ajmera Prive in Juhu, our luxury project has also done a great progress in terms of construction 
and we have already reached above ground and we are proceeding and finished almost 
completing third slab now. Impressively, the project has also seen 24% of its inventory being 

 
Page 4 of 15 
sold by the end of the quarter in addition to the Ajmera Eden project which we launched in 
mid-June and we have already sold 14% of its inventory.  
 
The Bangalore market has also proven to be a key contributor for our growth this year, this 
quarter, making remarkable strides during the quarter. Our mid-luxury project Ajmera Nucleus 
is 96% sold and is expected to be completed by this fiscal year. Ajmera Lugaano and Ajmera 
Florenza, which contributed to 31% of our total sales value this quarter, has also seen a great 
result with our revamped sales strategy and they were actually contributed also towards 24% 
of our collection has come from these projects during this quarter.  
 
The company is diligently focused on its expansion, its project pipeline across Mumbai markets 
in the coming months. As we have announced earlier during the year, we have a visibility of 
total of three more launches to come in, which includes development of our recently acquired 
project in Vikhroli and other Mumbai regions and the total estimated value of all these three 
projects put together is about INR 1,800 crores with approximately 9,00,000 square feet of 
carpet area to be sold.  
 
Apart from our ongoing and upcoming projects, we also have a land bank of approximately 
11.6 million square feet, which is in carpet terms approximately about 1.2 crore square feet in 
different parts of Mumbai and we are seeing a great potential coming out of this. Wadala which 
is our ongoing one and has a total potential of 3.65 million square feet of this development out 
of which 1.8 million is residential and balance is commercial. Obviously, these projects will 
come up in phase-wise manners as and how we start, you know, the demand picks in and we 
start selling significantly, we'll start launching these projects.  
 
And moving ahead for the year FY24, we have set ourselves a target of achieving around INR 
1,000 crores and I am pleased to share the INR 225 crores has already been achieved in this 
quarter. The phase development of our land bank and the market demand and consistently 
evaluating asset like JV, JDA models to target opportunities for lucrative acquisitions and our 
commitment to timely delivery is driven by ensuring executional efficiencies and I must say 
that, we are really immensely satisfied with what we have done and we would like to 
emphasize that the operational efficiency is further visible with faster execution, new launches 
as promised, launch velocity, mindful acquisitions and focussed sales strategy has all been the 
key contributors towards our growth strategy for our company in this financial year and the 
coming years and I am very sure this is also going to continue, this momentum is going to 
continue for the coming quarters as well. 
 
I extend my heartfelt appreciation to entire team of Ajmera, its shareholders, the valued 
customers and for their continued support and trust which they laid on us and they gave us an 
inspiration to work faster, better and continue with our better efficiencies always. Together we 
are poised for a prosperous future reaffirming Ajmera Realty’s position as a leading player in 
the real estate industry. Thank you all for joining us on this call.  

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
I would now hand it over to our CFO – Mr. Nitin Bavisi to take you through the numbers and 
the operational performances for the quarter. Thank you.  
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you, sir, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining this call. I would like to present 
some of the key performance highlights and then open the floor questions and suggestions 
from your side. 
 
In the first quarter FY24, we witnessed a robust growth with sales value INR 225 crores 
representing 60% increase compared to the previous quarter. Volume-wise we achieved sales 
of 1,35,000 square feet on a carpet area basis, which is also a remarkable 96%, almost doubling 
as I said over the previous quarter and our collection stood at INR 111 crore, which is also a 
very stable performance. 
 
During the quarter one FY24, we successfully implemented the revamped sales strategy for our 
Bangalore project and successful sales launch of Ajmera Eden, which collectively contributed 
more than half, precisely 53% of the total sales value, which were the key factors driving the 
overall operational numbers.  
 
It is important to note that while positive and continued market sentiment contributed to this 
growth, year-on-year comparisons are not directly comparable due to the massive launch of 
Manhattan project last year and which we had the robust numbers coming from that particular 
launch as well.  
 
Turning to the financial numbers, the first quarter of FY24 exhibited outstanding performance. 
Our revenue stood at INR 118 crores recording about 113% increase over quarter one that of 
FY23, which is year-on-year basis comparison. The EBITDA stood at INR 39 crore representing 
almost 112% jump over quarter one FY23.  
 
Additionally, the PBT stood at INR 29 crore, which is also a remarkable 88% increase over 
quarter one FY23 and so is the case with the PAT, which is the very impressive growth, which 
is at INR 21 crores in absolute terms representing 82% increase that of quarter one FY23 I mean 
to say.  
 
The strong EBITDA, PBT and PAT margin stood at 33%, 25% and 18% respectively, 
demonstrating the effectiveness of our strategies and contribution of our revenue eligible 
projects to the bottom line. We are confident in our ability to maintain this positive momentum 
and deliver strong financial numbers in the forward quarters.  
 
We remain committed to deleveraging and improving our debt profile as well. Our efforts have 
been rewarding as evident in the debt-to-equity ratio which stood at 0.97:1, which is a 
significant improvement compared to 1.1:1 in Q1 FY23. Notably, this marks a significant 
milestone as it is the first time our debt-to-equity ratio has come down below 1x that of equity.  

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
We are pleased to share that financial performance and overall credit profile improvement 
yielded as well into the reduction in our average cost of debt which is around 11.9% as 
compared to 13.7% as on March '23.  
We are delighted to report a strong revenue visibility of approximately INR 3,960 crores 
encompassing of our existing project as well as upcoming launches. In the next 6-to-12-month 
projects at an advanced stage and those which have already received the occupation 
certification are expected to contribute almost INR 233 crore to our revenue and our mid-stage 
project, which are the set of the projects which are at a start or at the different life cycle of the 
project cycle which is going to estimate or contribute to about INR 1,900 crore to our revenue 
over the next 36 months. 
 
The estimated net cash flow from the existing project portfolio are expected to be INR 980 
crores reinforcing our strong financial performance and ensuring the successful execution of 
our growth strategy. This robust revenue visibility provides confidence in our ability to deliver 
sustained growth and value to our stakeholders.  
 
The floor is now open for questions and further interactions. Thank you for your continued 
support.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Jeevan from Sahasrar Capital. Please go ahead.  
Jeevan: 
There are a few questions, in the press release, we are saying that we will be able to achieve 
5x the target by 2025. So, are you implying INR 2,000 crores sales value in 2025? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, if you look at the way we have grown over the last one or two years and if you look at our 
numbers and that is where we are slowly and steadily moving ahead. And this year we are 
launching three more projects which has sales value of about INR 1,800 – 1,900 crores and 
beyond this, our land bank as I said right now which is about 1.2 crore square feet, you know, 
obviously those from there also some projects will start coming in and definitely if we put in, 
add in all this, we are definitely on the growth path and we are very confident that we will 
achieve those 5x numbers by the time we have set.  
Jeevan: 
So, the shortly are you saying INR 2,000 crore sales value in 2025? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, 2025 is a number which I would wish and want to target, but we are aiming towards the 
5x growth in the next five years starting FY22 onwards. So, within FY26, FY27, definitely we 
should be there. 
Jeevan: 
Because in the press release, we have given 2025 specifically.  

 
Page 7 of 15 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, let me explain that piece with the numbers that, you know, we have been in the range of 
about INR 350 to 400 crores as we have given in the investor presentation the three-year 
trending as well kind of a thing. So, from that base, we are meaning that, you know, 5x numbers 
which is in the range of INR 1,200 to 1,500 crore on an average basis considering the unsold 
inventory which is about INR 1,400 crores plus new launches and the phase wise development 
from the land bank as Dhaval explained. So, basis all the aggregate and the few new 
acquisitions which is going to add the momentum to this number is definitely which will inch 
up towards this 5x growth plan.  
Jeevan: 
The second question is we said in the press release that we are about to enter new micro 
market in second half of the current financial year. So, which micro market we are basically 
targeting? Is it Kanjurmarg that we are talking? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No, that Kanjurmarg is not that one. We are talking about new acquisitions in different micro 
markets of Mumbai. What we are talking about significantly new acquisitions and these new 
acquisitions we are just on the words where we cannot disclose, have the NDA purpose, we do 
not want to release or probably give, venture out details but it's going to be in the suburbs of 
Mumbai, in Western and Central Mumbai both.  
Jeevan: 
Third question is future potential in the Wadala side. We have given 1.8 million square feet for 
residential, 1.8 million square feet for commercial.  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yeah.  
Jeevan: 
If I remember correctly, it was 3 million square foot for commercial and 3 million for residential 
early. Why it has been reduced? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, that is what you call the saleable area. So, the one we are talking is the carpet area. So, 1.8 
times if you do the saleable becomes 3 million.  
Jeevan: 
So, same is the case for Kanjurmarg? So, we are talking about carpet area.  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yeah. Because now RERA and everybody only recognizes carpet area. We have changed the 
terminology and kept it only one so that it is same for everyone.  
Jeevan: 
And any color on the debt reduction by the end of this year? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, yes, we are already in the trajectory of below 1x now and we want to operate under 1x. 
That's going to be our endeavor at a different varying degrees because of the kind of business 
development activities also which we are undertaking. However, we have some low hanging 
fruits as well to tap on to this cash flow generation. So, you know, all this put together, our 
endeavor definitely going to be 1x, below 1x to operate throughout the year.  

 
Page 8 of 15 
Jeevan: 
Any plan on any land parcel monetization to pay off the debt? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, there are some lands, sorry, one land or two lands which we are already under discussion 
for monetization and the other things are also going to be on the development front. So, to 
answer your question, yes, one of the lands not on the development front of Wadala or 
Kanjurmarg anywhere but somewhere else where we are looking to monetize that land.  
Nitin Bavisi: 
And let me clarify. This is an investment property which we are monetizing because the stage 
of that property which we have invested into which we have brought this by resolving 
challenges into it is a lot of value addition or value accretion has happened. It is not for the 
purpose of debt reduction. However, definitely it is going to help us on the debt reduction side 
as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Sen: 
So, as you were targeting around 4.5 to 5 lakhs square feet in FY24 and it's already great to 
know that we have done 1.3 out of it, 1.35. So, going forward, can you please guide me as to 
how much sales will be made in Q2, Q3 and Q4 either in terms of square feet or even in terms 
of percentage would do, just the ballpark number.  
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, as it is there in the presentation, we have unsold inventory which is almost about INR 1,472 
crores and out of which, you know, the first four, which is the Nucleus, Sikova and Nucleus C 
wing, which is the residential, which is at a very advanced stage of the completion. So, those 
ones are the very much, I would say, high contributors to this number as well the Manhattan 
sustained sales has already been, you know, we have set up our regular pattern into that. So, 
that is also a very good and a high value contributor and the very good surprise and the pleasant 
element coming from the Bangalore market as we have explained in our opening note, so that 
particular piece is also contributing and expected to contribute further. So, all these 
contributions plus we have launched pipeline which is about INR 1,800 crore worth of the sales 
potential. So, both these put together is which we are giving the confidence to us that, you 
know, we should be surpassing and entering into the four-digit league of the INR 1,000 crore 
as a target which we have set for ourselves.  
Aditya Sen: 
So, which quarter will be the heaviest? Because last year I saw Q3 was one of the weakest 
quarters. So, should the sales remain in the same pattern like last year?  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as we said that there are going to be three launches happening this year. Obviously, these 
three launches hopefully we should have great boost or spikes coming in through the launches 
and every launch if you look at, majorly it's going to be in the last quarter of the year where we 
will have these launches coming in and over and above that, we have about 6.5 lakh square 
feet of roughly unsold area, which is left from our current inventory to be sold. Obviously, these 
are at different, different stages. So, if I put this together to answer, I think we are significantly 

 
Page 9 of 15 
looking at a largest jump over the last quarter but even the second and the third quarter will 
have a sustainable number coming almost on the lines of first quarter around that. 
Aditya Sen: 
And also for the total of ongoing plus upcoming projects would be around INR 3,200 crores and 
we will also have some collections over that. So, do we have a 100% share in that or there is a 
component of JV also in it? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, as we have given the entire disclosures, Bangalore market we have 70% and at upcoming 
launches Central Mumbai 2, we have 85%, which is the ARIIL stake into the projects. Rest all 
the other projects SPV level and at a directly into Hold co level, we have 100% stake.  
Aditya Sen: 
And also on the land parcel, can you please let us know the land value if it's possible for you? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, it's a very vague term to be honest with you because if we look at the numbers which are 
there, it's something which we honestly do not want to put in as a very rough. 
Aditya Sen: 
No, no. It's all right, all right. We understand that. So, again, if I can ask this question, like, how 
much share of land do we have in Kanjurmarg, Central Mumbai, Ghatkopar and Juhu? Can you 
answer this question if this is possible for you? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yeah. So, as far as the projects which are coming up, as we've done that a total of about 1.2 
crore square feet right now is our land bank and currently which we are launching projects, 
okay, which is one in Central Mumbai 1, one is Central Mumbai 2 and one is Vikhroli, they are 
all part of the Central Mumbai only, which is about 9 lakh square feet because I am not giving 
acreage or something, but I am just giving you the launch pipeline or the launch project size. 
So, the ones which we are going to launch is about 9 lakh square feet and over and above that, 
we would have about 1.2 crore square feet of land bank in different areas being Bombay, 
primarily Bombay but also some things in Pune, Bangalore and other places.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Desai from Pendulum Investments. 
Please go ahead.  
Mihir Desai: 
So, firstly on Pune project, I just wanted to check an update on this.  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Pune project, it's a slum rehabilitation project where 50% of our slums have already been 
vacated. We are on the verge of clearing the balance and very soon we should be able to launch 
that project. However, we have not put a timeline right now because of the complexity of the 
matter, but things are moving very positively and hopefully it should come out in the evil very 
soon.  
Mihir Desai: 
And secondly on, sir, if you can give us some guidance on our revenue targets of, you know, 
some sales value, in terms of sales value or revenue targets for FY25 and beyond? FY25 and 
beyond? 

 
Page 10 of 15 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
As we said earlier, with current and existing projects which is about INR 4,000 crores and plus 
over and above that, we have land banks about 1.2 crore square feet which all will come in 
play. So, if I have to put in a number point of view, we are looking at a steady growth coming 
and definitely moving ahead, you know, 1.2 crore square feet coming plus the INR 4,000 crores 
of the already existing projects plus the new project launches this year will contribute INR 4,000 
crore over the next three years and plus 1.2 crore square feet which will come in over the 
period of time and over and above that is the acquisitions or the JVs or the tie-ups of society 
redevelopment, which we are constantly endeavoring and continuing to do so. That will also 
add up to it. We honestly do not want to put in a number right now that what do I estimate 
FY25 to be because we are actually wanting to show you results and that's where we are 
currently targeting to ensure we launch all the projects what we have committed. 
Mihir Desai: 
Sir, lastly, I had to ask one micro question, like as we see the realizations of real estate has been 
going up post pandemic, so do you feel that the current realization which we are sitting on will 
be sustainable and the demand for the residential will be intact? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, if you look at, you know, the last two years, definitely, there has been a great demand. We 
personally believe and that has been also, you know, if you look at the data and the statistics 
real estate as an investment class has become a great option and people are looking at it very 
seriously as an investment option all across as compared to maybe gold, mutual funds or stocks 
or whatever it is, but people definitely look real estate as an investment class now. 
 
Number two, with the, you know, Indian economy which is definitely on a very resilient and a 
strong growth path, we are looking at a rising income level and we are also looking at very 
great, I would say, spends coming from the middle-income families and, you know, somebody 
who's as a, you know, working class people which definitely is the major micro market or the 
market for India, Indian economy and definitely Indian real estate.  
 
So, to answer your question, we definitely see that this growth is sustainable and, you know, 
at least the next five, six years definitely looks very promising and as a short-term view, I would 
say this. And I would also say with the kind of projects where we are, we are spread across in 
different micro markets and definitely where we have a largest stock like something in Wadala 
or Kanjurmarg, we are not going to launch everything at one go. We definitely go phase wise 
depending on the consumption and the micro market areas consumption. So, definitely we 
don't see too much of an issue and the growth will definitely come on next five, six years for 
sure.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Dhaval, just want to understand that in previous question-answer, you said that we have one 
redevelopment, slum redevelopment in Pune, but are we are also looking say some of the 

 
Page 11 of 15 
redevelopment in MMR region? And can you give some color on that, how big is that 
opportunity and looking at our brand name in MMR, so redevelopment and cost economic 
benefit vis-à-vis these new launches?  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, today we are looking at, you know, if I primarily look at options available as land, obviously 
in Mumbai and I would now even say Pune in the Central part or the main area where we feel 
there is still a lot of demand and rather than probably moving outskirt and looking at lands 
which are probably, you know, blocking your capital towards the asset investment, you know, 
there is a great redevelopment opportunity coming across everywhere and with the kind of 
velocity of sales and our brand value, we are getting great response from it. This Pune land 
what we are talking about is a slum land, which we had acquired a long time back. Obviously, 
we were working on it and hopeful by this year we should be able to clear things off and then 
probably launch it.  
 
As far as the economics of this is concerned, we are still working out, you know, all those 
permutation, combination because with the new regulations, definitely, rules change and the 
numbers change, but anything above 20% is where we are.  
Bharat Sheth: 
In MMR region, I mean, cluster development and with this rule change what we are talking, so 
how it has changed the economic viability of the redevelopment of a large project? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, a cluster redevelopment is a new regulation which has come in. It gives a great attraction 
to the old tenants and also to the new developer which will help, you know, all these old 
societies, larger layouts to come into the redevelopment process.  
 
There has been, as far as the premium costs are concerned in the Mumbai real estate market, 
there are three basic, actually two basic contributors to the cost. One is the construction cost 
and second is the premium cost, whereas depending upon the area to area but sometimes the 
premium costs prevail over the construction cost or the construction costs and premium costs 
are at par. So, when you have a discount on these premiums, definitely, your cost becomes 
lower. Number one. Number two, your interest costs, your initial investments become lower. 
So, all those has a benefit, which will eventually have lower cost of construction and project 
cost, thereby increasing the velocity of pricing and sales in that particular micro market.  
Bharat Sheth: 
So, are we really talking on these cluster development any of the large society? Or what stage 
are we? And how big is that overall opportunity for the next five years? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, it's a huge opportunity. I mean, in terms of numbers, it can be as great as, you know, 
couple of thousand crores because if we look at, you know, every slot in South Mumbai if, you 
know, at least 5, 7, 10 buildings coming together or maybe in the Central parts of Mumbai or 
the Western parts of old societies of Mumbai or even if I just to give an example of our previous 

 
Page 12 of 15 
projects which were done historically like Yogi Nagar in Borivali or Shastri Nagar in Andheri, 
these kind of projects come in for redevelopment is the huge potential.  
 
We are working right now. We have given offers, but obviously, all these, you know, with 
societies, it is a matter of time and it is a lot of time taking process. It's not going to be as easy 
as what we think of buying a land because there are equal amount of tenants involved and that 
kind many meetings happen. So, obviously, it takes time. So, if something definitely click in, 
which right now we have not, in all our projections we have not taken anything into our mind, 
but if something come in, definitely we will add on and, you know, announce it to the market.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
I just have one question. Dhaval, we have an EBITDA margin that we have reported 32.9% for 
the quarter. Can you tell us what is the EBITDA margin on the projects that are being launched?  
Nitin Bavisi: 
EBITDA margin actually, you know, coming from the revenue eligible projects which are 
currently we have Manhattan, Greenfinity and Sikova. These are the projects which are 
revenue eligible and, you know, going forward because the Prive is already hit, but on the same 
side of the threshold of 24% sold, so that is also going to be a revenue eligible going forward. 
So, that those basis, we have revenue recognition and hence the EBITDA and as well the other 
bottom-line support coming from such efforts. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
No, I'm not talking about the reported numbers. I'm talking of the projects that are being 
launched or supposed to be launched in FY24. What are the potential EBITDA margins that you 
would be expecting on those projects?  
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, as we have already entered into a very stable margin trajectory like, you know, the 35%, 
30% plus kind of a EBITDA and as well the PAT margin in the range of plus 15% kind of a thing, 
we endeavor to remain in this range only.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
No, no, I have some related question. See, if your prices of the industry has gone up and the 
inflation is not so high, ideally the margin should increase and these, the reported margins also 
have a cost realization component of the past where the realization might not have been as 
much higher as they are right now. So, won't the margins go inch closer to or excess of 35%? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, that is what I explained that, you know, it depends on the composition of the projects which 
are coming into the revenue and the composition of the progress at which, you know, the 
revenue gets recognized. That's the function of the revenue and as well the margin contributors 
to it.  

 
Page 13 of 15 
Niraj Mansingka: 
No, I am not asking about the reported numbers. I am still about the projects that are yet to be 
launched in FY24 and those projects, why wouldn't the margin inch closer to 35%, 40%? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, if you look at, you know, our projects which are yet to be launched, there are some projects 
which are historical land banks, like Wadala. There are some projects which we take into a 
redevelopment process or there are some projects which we run a JV, JDA. Every project has a 
different margin, but we look at different projects or different margins. Some are slum 
redevelopment. So, it's between 30%, 25%, 30%, 32%. That's where the range is. So, to answer 
your question, every project will have different EBITDA margins. 
Niraj Mansingka: 
Dhaval, question on the Wadala. What should be the EBITDA margin of those projects? Just I 
wanted to ask him some forward looking by my own on the Wadala point only which is where 
the land bank is owned, what should be the EBITDA for those projects? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
30% - 32%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Rahil Shah: 
Sir, my question is on the, you mentioned you are targeting sales value of INR 1,000 crores and 
agreed with that. So, if you consider this trajectory per quarter, you will continue that, let's say, 
and then you will have a significant jump in the last quarter, but that is on the sales value. How 
does revenue recognition work? Will it be also on the same line? Does it work like that? 
Nitin Bavisi : 
So, typically the revenue recognition is based on the progress of the project and as we have 
given the complete breakup of the sold position and where from the revenue is expected to 
come, so that particular position is for the advanced stage of the project which is almost about 
INR 678 crore and the balance revenue going to come from the inventory which is available for 
sale. So, that is how the revenue recognition over the life cycle of the projects. 
Rahul Shah: 
So, what is like your total revenue expectations for this? Have you like projected that? Have 
you given that somewhere? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, as we have given the guidance or the status of the project like, you know, the Sikova, 
Greenfinity and Nucleus C wing, which is expected to getting completed. So, balance of the 
revenue from the inventory to sell and the unrecognized revenue also going to be recognized 
within this financial year plus there is going to be sustained sales coming from Manhattan. 
Prive, as I explained, is going to be becoming the revenue eligible project from next quarter 
onwards and the rest of the revenue is as well going to contributed from the Bangalore market. 
So, that's how the revenue contribution trajectory for our portfolio.  

 
Page 14 of 15 
Rahil Shah: 
And in you remarks, did you mention something about a cash flow visibility? I think I missed 
that, so. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Yeah. So, basically the cash flow from the ongoing projects is that of INR 980 crores and which 
is going to be based on the balance receivables of the project with  balance inventory to sell 
minus cost to complete and minus debt on the project on cost basis. So, that's how the 
estimation of about INR 980 crores.  
Rahil Shah: 
For the current year, right? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Over the life cycle of the project because as I explained, the completed set of projects is going 
to contribute almost out of this INR 980 crores, about INR 100 crores from advanced stage of 
the completion of the project which is going to contribute about INR 80 crores and mid stage 
project like Manhattan, Lugaano, Florenza, Prive and Eden is going to contribute balance about 
INR 800 crores. So, that's how the breakup is.  
Rahil Shah: 
And the EBITDA margins you said this trajectory will continue. So, you will definitely stay about 
this 30% range or maybe even 30%, 32% range.  
Nitin Bavisi: 
That precisely, that's our estimation.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investment. Please 
go ahead.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
Just two questions on my side. First is when we decide on selecting a project or say JD or JV, 
what is the IRR that we are looking at before we are selecting the project?  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, when we, as I said, we look at different projects in a different way depending on the 
complexities and how easy or difficult the project is going to start, but if you look at the IRR 
terms is anywhere above 24%, 25% is what minimum we look at and going beyond that because 
below that we don't really make, it makes sense for us to put in our hands on the project. You 
know, maybe some uncertainties coming and it will be jeopardize it. So, we look anything above 
24%, 25%. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
That is the like minimum threshold you have in mind. That is like the minimum threshold the 
company has in mind, right, before selecting the assets?  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes.  
Vignesh Iyer: 
And second question is on the debt equity side of it. I mean, what does the management think 
of this debt equity ratio say two years down the line? What does the management think of 
reaching or it is a plan to remain at this level only at current debt?  

 
Page 15 of 15 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, the debt is a function of the project and its operations. While we will definitely continue 
with having debts with related to the operational or the cash flow point of view, but as far as, 
you know, group level debt or the corporate level debt is concerned, we will definitely make it 
to as low as zero, but operationally, project wise, you know, if there are debt required, we will 
continue to have. So, to answer your question the ratio right now is below 1. We endeavor to 
keep it definitely below 1 always even though if it is project or group level, but definitely at the 
corporate level debt, we will make it as significant as zero in the next three to four years’ time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. Please go ahead.  
Aditya Sen: 
Interest cost is as of now 11.9%. So, just wanted to know if it will be in the same range going 
forward also? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, very good question. Like, you know, we already had the good amount of savings because 
of the work credit profile improving and lender taking the cognizance of that, and we hope that 
the RBI has given a skip to the rate hike kind of a thing. So, it will continue to do so driving basis 
on the inflation and the inflation tolerance kind of a thing. So, basis those ones, the floating 
rate of the borrowings or the loan which we have should remain in the range and any 
incremental debt and such kind of a thing we endeavor that, you know, basis the risk profiling 
of the project and such kind of a thing, we try to remain within this range so that, you know, 
overall cost of debt remains within this particular trajectory.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Nitin for his closing comments.  
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your very insightful questions, set of questions and as 
well, you know, couple of suggestions as well. It really inspires us and excites us to do further 
battering. We will definitely continue to do so, our teamwork and the hard work at project 
portfolio level and we will come back with a very good set of numbers. Till then such time, I 
wish everybody a very good time and safe time. Thanks for your patient hearing and 
participation.  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the Management Team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ajmera 
Realty & Infra India Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
