LTIM/SE/STAT/2023-24/ 63
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
{f?J LT/Mindtree
July 20 , 2023 
The BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on July 17, 2023 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on July 17, 2023. 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
Fo 
indtree Limited 
o/'Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
LTIMindtree Limited 
Formerly Lar "n & Toub,o Ir otecr Lun ted) 
Branch Office: Tower 1, Gate No. 5, Sak, V1har Road, Powa,, Mumlla, - 400072, Maharashtra, INDIA. T +91276776 6776 F +91274313 0997 
Registered Office: L& T House, Ballard Estate, Mumba, - 400 001 INDIA 
vvvvw.lnm,ndtree.com I Email: lnfo@lt1m1ndtree com I CIN I 72900MH1996PI (104693 
1 TIM nrJtrpe 111 tecl 1s a subs1d ar,, o· Larsen & Toubro 11n1ted 

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“LTIMindtree Limited's Q1 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer & Managing 
Director 
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President (Markets) 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Nitin Mohta – Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Nitin Mohta: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTIMindtree Quarter 1 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference call is being 
recorded. 
Today, on the call, we have with us Mr. Debashis Chatterjee - Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director; Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Markets; 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande - Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Vinit Teredesai - 
Chief Financial Officer. 
Let me outline the agenda for today's call. We will begin with a brief overview 
of the Company's quarter 1 performance, after which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. 
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These statements 
consider the environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties 
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in 
today’s call. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements 
made on the call. 
I will now turn the call over to DC for his opening remarks.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Nitin. Good evening, and good morning to everyone on the call. 
Thank you for joining us today. 
LTIMindtree is all about creating a bigger, better, and bolder future for all our 
stakeholders. Our recent inclusion in NIFTY 50, India's leading stock market 
index is a testament to our unwavering commitment to shaping a brighter future 
for our stakeholders. We are grateful for the trust you have placed in our vision, 
strategy, and ability to deliver exceptional results. This recognition has filled 
us with renewed enthusiasm and optimism for our journey ahead.  
We are pleased to report that our revenues came in at a healthy USD 1.06 
billion in Q1, a growth of 8.2% in constant currency and 8.1% in dollar terms 
Y-o-Y, despite a challenging ongoing macroeconomic environment. The 
growth was driven by strong performance across our major industry verticals 
and geographies. Our sequential revenue growth in dollar terms was 0.1%. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Adjusted for the seasonal pass-through that we had in Q4, our sequential 
revenue growth would have been 0.9%.  
For the quarter, our Manufacturing and Resources vertical has achieved strong 
growth, registering a 14.9% Y-o-Y increase in dollar terms. BFSI, our largest 
vertical continues to grow, up 12.1% Y-o-Y in dollar terms. Furthermore, I'm 
pleased to share that our High-tech, Media and Entertainment vertical is at 
USD 1 billion run rate. These 3 verticals account for 75% of our revenues, and 
their performance gives us confidence to maintain our continued upward trend. 
Geographically, North America, which accounts for 73% of our revenues, 
registered a Y-o-Y growth of 10.2%, while Europe grew 7.3% Y-o-Y, both in 
dollar terms. 
Our EBIT margin for the quarter came in at 16.7%, up 30 basis points 
sequentially, and our net margin was 13.2%, 40 basis points higher than the 
last quarter. We added 19 new clients in the quarter. We also increased our 
count of USD 10 million plus customers by 9 Y-o-Y, bringing the total to 88. 
Our order inflow for the quarter came in at USD 1.41 billion, registering a 
growth of 16.9% Y-o-Y and 4.9% sequentially. We continue to observe a 
growing trend in deals focusing on efficiency to allow companies to fund their 
ongoing transformation initiatives. 
Our persistent efforts to explore cross-selling and upselling opportunities 
within our existing accounts have yielded positive results. I would like to call 
out a few important deals that we signed this quarter.  
We won a large strategic 5-year deal to drive efficiency savings for a High-
tech client. This was a vendor consolidation deal and required presence in 
multiple locations globally - Canada, Poland, and India. This deal win is a 
reflection of our current scale and our capabilities to service clients across 
multiple global locations and a wide set of capabilities.  
For an insurance major, we won a large multiyear managed services 
engagement for cloud and infrastructure services, displacing the incumbent. 
This deal is a good example of our cross-sell capabilities across cloud, 
infrastructure, and security domains.  

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
For a large existing client of LTIMindtree, we engaged with the marketing 
function to become the strategic transformation partner for their integrated 
media platform. This platform involves innovative media solutions and 
automated ad buying. This deal is an example of our upsell capabilities in the 
digital and interactive services domain. 
Our Interactive, Data, Cloud and Enterprise Apps service lines remain 
significant drivers of growth as clients across the industries continue to invest 
in these areas for their transformation and efficiency needs. 
Data, one of our largest service lines is fundamental to Generative AI which 
we believe will become the catalyst for the next phase of the autonomous 
enterprise. This technology will have a significant impact on our ability to 
serve clients across our offerings. To this end, we are proud to have launched 
Canvas.ai, a pioneering Generative AI platform designed to accelerate the 
concept-to-value journey for businesses. As clients across industry segments 
adopt our platform, Canvas.ai for their use cases, we are seeing encouraging 
early results. Application modernization use cases have shown 40% to 60% 
productivity improvement in large legacy code conversions for cloud. 
Campaign Management Solutions has seen lead times to launch new 
campaigns shrink from weeks to days. And document summarization has 
reached first-parse accuracy, previously impossible to achieve in a manual 
process. We continue to invest in the evolving Canavas.ai to be a secure and 
easy-to-consume Generative AI platform, leveraging several LLM solutions 
and enabling the creation of multiple industry-specific use cases in partnership 
with our clients. 
With that, let me now turn to our industry verticals. 
 Our Banking, Financial Services and Insurance business grew 12.1% Y-o-Y. 
The Banking, Financial Services vertical is showing resilience despite the 
ongoing macro environment due to the nature of our engagements in core 
systems, risks and compliance. We have also seen new deal wins in this 
industry vertical from vendor consolidation initiatives. Some clients are 
continuing with their hiring freezes, and we see longer decision cycles and 
slower ramp-ups.  

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
Our High-tech, Media and Entertainment business grew 1% Y-o-Y. With many 
of our large customers starting their fiscal year in the latter half of the calendar 
year, we anticipate increased spending. While decision-making timelines may 
be extended, this gives businesses a chance to explore new and innovative 
pricing models. Additionally, the need for efficiencies is creating an 
environment for companies to drive even more value for their customers.  
The Media and Entertainment industry is experiencing a positive shift towards 
AI-based products that cater to consumers' personalized needs. This trend is 
further fueled by the need for cost reduction and vendor consolidation, 
enabling us to stay competitive in this space. 
Our Manufacturing & Resources business showed a growth of 14.9% Y-o-Y. 
Manufacturing clients are continuing with their strategic investments in 
Industry 4.0 initiatives, supply chain modernization and pricing. Our strength 
in IoT, ERP and Data positions us well for these opportunities. 
Energy & Utilities clients remain resilient as there is a significant investment 
in core systems modernization. Our strategic focus in the energy vertical lies 
in the SAP engagements and exploring valuable data opportunities.  
Our Retail, CPG and Travel Transportation & Hospitality business grew 4.6% 
Y-o-Y. In our Retail and CPG vertical, we are seeing increasing commitment 
from clients to take on long-term programs and focus on strategic initiatives 
like modernizing and rolling out ERP systems. We are also pleased to see the 
industry shifting towards predictive analytics and composite platforms that 
integrate a variety of data sources and analytical tools. With our diversified 
offerings across ERP, data and cloud, we are well positioned to help businesses 
address their twin objectives of experience and transformation.  
The Travel Transportation and Hospitality vertical is experiencing robust 
demand for leisure travel, although the demand for business travel is yet to 
catch up. 
Our Health, Life Sciences and Public Services business grew 4.7% Y-o-Y. In 
the Life Sciences industry, big pharma companies are prioritizing divestment 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
of lower-margin businesses. Cost headwinds from regulatory policies mandate 
a focus on efficiency. The medical devices industry is seeing growing interest 
in as-a-service models. From a technology perspective, clients are looking at a 
combination of automation, data, cloud and digital technologies to deliver their 
objectives of cost reduction, technology stack modernization and pricing 
transformation. The Healthcare industry continues to see significant 
investments in patient-centric programs, for example, value-based care. We are 
taking a unique approach of domain centered solutions here. 
In terms of geographies, America contributed 73.1%; Europe contributed 
15.2% and Rest of the World contributed 11.7% of our revenue. In Europe, our 
customers are carefully assessing their business needs and making strategic 
decisions about projects, budgets and IT spend. However, there is still strong 
demand for application management and SAP rollout and support deals. 
For the quarter, our LTM attrition was 17.8%, down from 20.2% recorded last 
quarter. In-quarter attrition was at a similar level to that in the last quarter. And 
hence, we believe our attrition will continue to show a downward trend on an 
LTM basis. We are pleased to report that our utilization rate has shown a 
noteworthy improvement, reaching 84.8%. This was a result of our ability to 
deploy resources better as systems consolidation post-merger help improve 
visibility of available talent. 
I will now turn over the call to Vinit for Q1 financial highlights. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, DC. Good evening, and good morning to everyone on the call. We 
hope you had a chance to go through our first integrated annual report, which 
provides comprehensive non-financial disclosures for you to assess our 
business model and performance. Let me now take you through the financial 
highlights for Q1 FY '24. 
Our revenue stood at USD 1.06 billion, up 8.1% on a Y-o-Y basis. The 
corresponding constant currency growth was 8.2%. The Q-o-Q growth was 
0.1% in dollar terms as well as in constant currency terms. EBIT margins 
continue to expand and came in at 16.7% compared to 16.4% in the previous 
quarter. We would like to call out that we had a reclassification of around 1,000 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
people from delivery to sales and support this quarter and this has contributed 
to an increase of 120 basis points in gross margin, 160 basis points in utilization 
and increase in sales and support headcount by around 1,000. This change is a 
part of the harmonization process, is in line with the industry practice and was 
effective 1st April 2023. Our sharp focus on managing our costs helped us 
deliver a 30 basis point Q-o-Q increase in EBIT margins. The bridge is as 
follows: increase in gross margins by 170 basis points, of which 120 basis 
points is on account of reclassification, 70 basis points due to operational 
efficiencies led by increased utilization and offset by seasonal visa cost of 20 
basis points. A corresponding increase of 120 basis points in SG&A costs due 
to the reclassification and 20 basis point impact on account of increased 
marketing spend. I would like to reiterate that the impact of reclassification as 
mentioned above, is EBIT neutral. 
Net Forex loss for the quarter was USD 1.5 million compared to a loss of USD 
6.4 million in the previous quarter. Riding on our solid cash balances and 
increase in prices over all asset classes, we had an investment income of INR 
135 crores this quarter. PAT margin for the quarter was 13.2% compared to 
12.8% in the previous quarter. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 25% 
compared to 22.9% in Q4 of FY '23. 
Basic EPS was INR 38.90 for the quarter compared to INR 37.70 in Q4 of FY 
'23. In Q1, the billed  DSO remained at 60 days. The DSO, including unbilled 
revenue, was at 93 days compared to 91 days in the previous quarter. The 
operating cash flow to PAT has continued to improve to 89.8% this quarter as 
against 88.5% in the previous quarter. 
Our cash and investment balances stood at USD 1.13 billion or INR 9,235 
crores compared to INR 8,355 crores in Q4 of FY '23.  
Return on equity for the quarter was 26.8% versus 28.6% in Q2. Our 
utilization, excluding trainees, in the quarter was 84.8% compared to 81.7% in 
the previous quarter. Also, as mentioned above, 160 basis points of this 
improvement is on account of the reclassification. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
As of June 30, 2023, our cash flow hedges stood at USD 3.59 billion, and 
hedges on the balance sheet were USD 400 million. We are pleased to 
announce that both CRISIL and India Ratings and Research have reaffirmed 
their AAA / Stable long-term rating for LTIMindtree. 
We were ranked 30th in the Financial Times “Climate Leaders Asia-Pacific 
2023”, amongst 275 leaders for our best performance in the “Reduction of 
GHG emissions intensity over 2016 to 2021 relative to revenue”. Recognitions 
like these are testament to our deep and continued efforts on the ESG front. 
I now hand it back to DC for the business outlook.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Vinit.  
We continue to see good sales activity and a healthy win ratio across our key 
markets and industry verticals, resulting in a robust deal pipeline. At the same 
time, we continue to see delays in decision-making and hiring freezes. 
However, we remain confident about our value proposition, along with the 
prospects of cross-selling and upselling to our existing accounts, especially 
with dedicated efforts towards our Focus 100 initiative. We are already seeing 
multiple deal conversations and wins through these efforts. As an organization, 
we have strategically positioned ourselves to help our clients in their 
transformation as well as efficiency agendas. Our ability to play effectively in 
both these areas gives us the confidence to continue our profitable growth 
trajectory even in the current dynamic market situation. 
Let me now open the floor for questions. 
Nitin Mohta: 
Thank you, DC. The first question is from the line of Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
The first question is, DC, the first quarter has gone as per anticipation, or is 
there any negative surprises versus what we anticipated in terms of growth at 
the start of the quarter? And if yes, will it impact our target to achieve a double-
digit constant currency growth? Do we still reiterate the same?  If yes, don't 
you believe the ask rate of 4.5% in the next 3 quarters is a very high ask rate? 
And just wanted to know the margin target for the full year.  

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Debashis Chatterjee: You've given me a question and as well an answer. So first of all, Sandeep, if 
you ask me how did the Quarter 1 play out. I think the Quarter 1 played out the 
way we expected. We expected Q1 to be soft. But what Quarter 1 did not play 
out well is, we thought that some of the aspects of the delays and some of the 
aspects of the hiring freezes that our clients had, especially in BFS, where 
clients had put a freeze on onboarding, so we thought that some of those things 
will go away by end of Q1. And that is one area where things have not 
improved, things have not changed, which makes us believe that some of the 
planning that we had anticipated earlier, that is not going to be working the 
same way. And I will tell you the reason behind it. You must have heard us say 
that most of the deals these days are longer-term efficiency deals. And what 
happens in these efficiency deals, they are longer tenure, but they also have a 
transition involved. And only after the transition, you get into the revenue 
cycle. So, it is important to close those deals sooner so that you get the benefit 
of those revenues for the rest of the year. So, a long story short, I think Q1 
played out the way we wanted from an overall revenue perspective, but Q1 did 
not play out the way we wanted in terms of the slowness in decision-making 
as well as the freezes, which tend to be continuing, which is where we feel that 
the growth targets that we have said earlier, that becomes challenging. But at 
the same time, we will always have it as an aspiration. So that's the first part of 
it. Sudhir, do you want to add anything? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes. I'll just build on one thing there, Sandeep. I think what was positive in the 
quarter was the increase in the pipeline. So our pipeline went up 10% Q-o-Q 
from Q4 to Q1. Our large deal pipeline also went up significantly. So as DC 
said in his opening remarks, the sales activity continues to be strong, 
notwithstanding the fact that we saw some deals move from Q1 closures to Q2, 
but overall activity increased during the quarter.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Vinit, do you want to take the margin? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
And Sandeep on the margin target, while the growth obviously is one of the 
important factors to support the margin. We are still working on the efficiencies 
that need to be driven down into the organization. So we are still confident that 
we should be in the 17% to 18% EBIT margin range as a part of our exit for 
FY '24. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from Manik Taneja.  
Manik Taneja: 
Vinit, just wanted to understand our hiring plans for the year as well as the 
wage increments that we plan for this year, given what we've heard from some 
of your peers. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
So let me talk about the hiring plans. For the last 3 quarters, we have been very 
focused in terms of ensuring that the bench that we have from a combined 
organization standpoint, we need to leverage the bench, and that was the 
priority that we put in place and the hiring was based on how we utilize the 
bench and what you see right now is a healthy utilization, which is a testament 
to the fact that it's working well the way we anticipated. Now as far as hiring 
is concerned based on the opportunities in the pipeline, it is not going to be any 
different. We'll continue to hire as it is required. And as far FY '24 plans are 
concerned for hiring freshers, that also will be as per plan. So I don't think there 
is any change to that. But we are in a comfortable position right now. I don't 
think we have any constraint on the supply side at this point of time. And as 
far as wage increase is concerned, we had planned wage increase in July, and 
we have enough confidence in ourselves in terms of going ahead with the wage 
increase. So we are going to do the wage increase in July, and we are not going 
to change any of our initial plans. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay. And if you could help us with the quantum of the wage hikes for the 
year?  
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
That will be in line with the industry standard. So it will be pretty much as per 
the plan that we had laid down at the beginning of the year.  
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is going to be from the line of Kawaljeet Saluja. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
A couple of questions, most are related to your order book. First is – just trying 
to react to your order book because deal wins seems to be trending, but the 
announcement that you have made seem to be overwhelmingly towards 
managed services, which have a longer tenure for execution. And the other 
aspect related to order book is that typically, there has been a seasonal bump 
or strength in the order book resulting from Mindtree's seasonal strength 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
historically. Does that seasonality still remain, or it has become too large for 
that to play out?  
Debashis Chatterjee: Hi, Kawaljeet. Let me answer the second part first, yes, I mean, what you said 
is right. The account that you’re talking about is part of LTIMindtree and its 
still a significant account. So that seasonality will always be there. But I can 
only say that initially, those deals, say 3 years back, used to be renewed every 
year, but there is a more TCV factor in those renewals as well. And as far as 
the order book is concerned, you are right. I think we have called it out earlier 
as well that the order book, the deal flow is more in terms of efficiency 
oriented. And in some of these deals, it's a combination of efficiency and 
transformation. And we had announced one deal last quarter, which is onsemi, 
where the clients are willing to sign up for efficiency. And at the same time, 
they're willing to use those dollars, which can be coming out of efficiency deals 
over a longer period and continue the in-flight transformation as well. So, we 
see a flavor of those kind of deals more and more. The only characteristic about 
these deals are their longer tenure, which is good. But in terms of the revenue 
realization, it takes a little bit of time because it always involves a transition 
from a potential incumbent or from the client directly. So that's one thing which 
we need to keep in mind when we talk about these deals. Anyone want to add 
anything? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Kawaljeet, if you look at both last quarter with USD 1.3 billion order book and 
the USD 1.4 billion order inflow this quarter, when you combine the 2 quarters, 
that's quite a healthy mix across all our verticals and regions. And in fact, the 
3 verticals that contribute to 75% of our revenue, which is the BFSI, High-tech, 
and Manufacturing & Resources also account for a majority of the order book. 
So yes, it's correct that the order book is vectored more towards longer-term 
managed services deals, but it is broad-based, and there is a good concentration 
in our 3 core verticals. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Sudhir, can you share some ACV trends because that will be useful. And the 
other part of the question related to your deals is that while in the “I” part of 
BFSI there were plenty of deals. The press release was conspicuously absent 
of any mention of banking deals. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
So DC just talked about a banking deal in our prepared remarks right now, 
which is a good example of our cross-sell opportunities. In fact, our Insurance 
vertical is going strong. In fact, we're seeing some good core modernization 
programs underway in the Insurance vertical. You can also see it reflected in 
some of the product companies in the insurance space, and we are benefiting 
from that. So insurance actually is doing well for us at an overall level. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
And any sense on the ACV trends if you can just throw some light on it that 
would be very helpful. 
Vinit Teredesai: 
So Kawaljeet, typically, as we have mentioned in the past that depending upon, 
obviously, the portfolio of clients and the sectors in which it happens, whatever 
deals we signed in the first half, around 60% to 70% of that translates into the 
ACV in the next 4 quarters. So that trend continues.  
Nitin Mohta: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain: 
My question was related to BFSI. Now we have seen this marginal drop this 
quarter, say minus 1%, and you guys have also ramped up a little bit on deals. 
And in your opening remarks, you spoke about some benefit or some clients at 
least opening up the execution part, while some continue to be in pause. Now 
as we enter 2Q, 3Q and some of the clients are also looking at almost half the 
year gone by with, let's say, 4 months in pause. So what are your expectations 
here? How are talks progressing from July onwards? And what should we 
expect specifically in this vertical? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes. So I'll take that. So if you look at BFSI grew 12% Y-o-Y for us. And I 
think Mohit you actually raised an important point. What we are seeing is, for 
most of our clients, they work on a calendar year basis, right? So for 6 months, 
this calendar year, their own spend has been muted. So we are seeing some 
signs where they're looking to see for the rest of the year, what are the programs 
that they continue to fund. But I think as of now, I mean I hate using the word 
budget flush, but there is nothing in that direction, just to give you a sense. So 
people are looking to do programs, where the ROI , where there is clear benefit 
that the business is getting or where there is a need from a risk and compliance 
perspective, those are the programs that are getting funded. But what we are 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
seeing is that what DC talked about, the continuing hiring freezes still continue. 
I think it's about the next couple of months where we'll figure out whether they 
will continue to stay for the rest of the year or they will start to ease off in this 
quarter, rest of their calendar year. 
Mohit Jain: 
Yes. And second one was this reclassification of 1,000-odd employees. Does 
their job profile change? Or do they continue to do the same work. It is a change 
in reporting wherein these 1,000 guys are now calculated as part of SG&A? 
Nachiket Deshpande: The job profile doesn't change. As we were bringing both the companies 
together, each of us had sort of slightly different way of categorizing certain 
functions. So as part of our merger synergies, we looked at industry standard 
practices and adopted those. So what they were doing or what the functions 
they are part of remains the same. It's just that those functions are now reported 
consistently to the rest of our peer group in how they are classified.  
Nitin Mohta: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sudheer. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: My first question is to DC. It looks like there is a very sharp growth recovery 
in the top account. Is this possibly related to any budget flush in that account 
given their fiscal closes in June? Or is it more sustainable and broad-based 
High-tech recovery, given this vertical probably witnessed earliest onset of a 
downturn and a lot of pain related to that might already be in the base. Also 
any color from the top account on how the budgets were, how their new fiscal 
year is shaping up, given it sets the tone for a lot of tech activity? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, Sudheer, first of all, we don't talk about any more top account because 
that's not fair because we have our top 5 accounts which we want to focus on. 
And I can only say that if you look at the top 5, there is a decent growth in 
terms of the top 5 accounts. And as a part of our top 100 program, we are going 
to stay very focused in terms of the Focus 100 accounts and which will also 
reflect in the growth of the top 20 as well as top 40 accounts. So that's what we 
should be looking at. But to your specific questions, in terms of High-tech, I 
would say, first of all, some of the fiscal years are July to June. But overall, in 
terms of High-Tech, we can see very good momentum, including all the 
accounts that is part of that portfolio. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Got it, DC. Second question to Sudhir, an extension of what I think somebody 
asked earlier. The divergence between the strong order booking and weak 
revenue booking for almost 3 quarters now. Some part of it obviously can be 
explained by the change in deal mix, tenure, etc. Some part is being attributed 
to the delays in ramp-ups because of the macro overhang. If I look at the 2, 3 
global banks, which reported results so far, suggest tech spends continue to be 
healthy in June despite the banking panic. The crux of the problem lies in ramp-
ups, not keeping pace with the order booking and parallelly, there are no 
material budget cuts, is it fair to expect 1 or 2 lumpy quarters of ramp-ups going 
ahead, which may translate into sharp pent-up revenue growth, for LTIM and 
of course for the industry as well. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
The combination of revenue that we have is a combination of what we have 
from an annuity or a multiyear spend perspective as well as the discretionary 
spend that tends to happen usually within the year, right? So as you know, I 
think discretionary spend generally has been under pressure across the 
industry. BFSI is similar. So what we are seeing is, I think we are seeing a good 
long-term trend in terms of us, as I keep going back to not just our order book, 
but also our pipeline, the size of our pipeline, overall pipeline, the number of 
large deals that we're chasing and the value of the large deals that we are now 
participating in, that sets us up for good multiyear growth -- as DC said, yes, 
these deals tend to have a lag , will have a lag because they involve slightly 
longer closure time lines as well as transition time lines, etc. So at that point, 
it's just a question of seeing when the entire set of deals start to materialize in 
terms of the revenue contribution that they make as well as we'd like to see 
some return of discretionary spending because then there is no headwind 
towards the growth that we get from these large deals. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Sure, Sudhir. Just one last question. Any budget cuts that you are seeing in 
your broader portfolio of key clients, let's say, the top 100 clients? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Actually, what's interesting is in the recent Gartner article, they have talked 
about a 5% growth in budgets even in this year. I think the thing is the budget 
on paper exists, but the decisions are going to the board, and they are taking 
more cautious decisions in quarter as they wait to see what -- see, it is a 
paradoxical time, right? Where governments are looking to see what they can 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
do about inflation. So central banks, whereas unemployment is lower, you 
know whereas other indicators suggest that demand is healthy. So I think 
clients are also trying to figure out this paradox and taking decisions 
accordingly. I think we see a stability in interest rate regime, which we are 
likely to see, then I think clients will have a lot more confidence in terms of 
releasing the budgets that they've already actually planned for during the 
financial year at least as per projections that the likes of Gartner have made. 
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from the line of Sulabh Govila. 
Sulabh Govila: 
So first one is with respect to the growth that we envisage for this year, which 
is FY '24. So do you expect the remaining quarters growth to be paced out 
equally across the quarters? Or would you say that 2H would shape up with a 
stronger growth momentum versus what you think about 2Q? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, I think as you can make out, as we have indicated that some of the 
concerns that we have are more in terms of the freezes in terms of onboarding 
that we see in some of the BFS clients as well as the delay in decision-making. 
Now that's something which we will hope that by Q1, it should be easing out 
which did not. And I don't think we can predict in terms of where it will be , 
but otherwise, there is nothing for us to believe that our second half will be any 
different from the second half of last year, for example. So I think the only 
thing we are hoping is some of the freezes go away and some of this decision-
making is faster. And I think that actually help us in terms of looking into the 
rest of the year. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. And just a quick follow-up, as you mentioned on the banking side 
of it, so you mentioned last quarter that there were several deals which were in 
the final stages of closure. And given that we've seen continued caution with 
respect to freezes and the decision-making and based on your recent 
conversation, would you say that some of these deals could come through in 
2Q? Or do you think they can take much longer? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, we are hoping . I know at least a couple of those deals have already come 
through. We closed them in the end of Q1. But we are hoping that some of the 
other deals also will come through, hopefully, if there is no further delay in 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
terms of our decision making. But it's anybody's guess now. As Sudhir rightly 
pointed out, this is really a paradoxical time. I don't think any client is talking 
about cutting their budgets. There is a significant activity in terms of deals. It's 
quite healthy activity. You have seen our order inflow, but the delays that we 
are experiencing in some of the decision-making as well as even after closing 
the deal, the ramp-ups are also not happening the way we expect. It's much 
slower than we anticipated. So these are the kind of things which are 
paradoxical. And we are just hoping that it will all clear up and it's something 
that we have never seen in the industry, to be honest. 
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
DC, my question was on the 2 verticals, High-tech and the Retail as well. So 
just wanted to delve a bit on the High-tech vertical. After 2 consecutive 
quarters, after a very sharp sequential decline, we've seen a good recovery in 
this quarter. So just some color on that, do you believe this is something more 
of a reflective of the trend that we could see going forward as well. And you 
could maybe call out that maybe the high-tech vertical has bottomed out for 
us, and we could see continuance of the growth that we saw in this quarter. 
And on the retail vertical side, just wanted to pick your brain, this was a vertical 
which probably saw the impact of the macro weakness first. Any green shoots 
there? Any signs of recovery there or any client conversations that would help 
you to gauge that, okay, this vertical could probably start recovering in the next 
maybe whatever time frame that you would like to call out. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Vibhor let me just for now answer the second question on the retail and then 
I'll request Sudhir also to provide some color. See, as far as retail is concerned, 
it is still a lot of apprehension over there. I guess this is one vertical, which is 
also connected to the overall inflationary pressures in the system. So retail still 
continues to be an area to wait and watch and see. I don't think I can see any 
signs of something radical happening over here in the next quarter as well. But 
as far as High-Tech is concerned, definitely, there are some closures that we 
had in the last 2 quarters, which are resulting in terms of revenues in Q1 as well 
as we'll continue to show the revenue realization or translation will happen in 
Q2 as well. So overall, I think the amount of deal activity in High-Tech is pretty 
healthy, including some of the larger clients we have in High-Tech. So overall, 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
I'm much more bullish in terms of High-tech at this point of time in terms of 
the activities that we are seeing. Sudhir, you want to add anything? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
No, I think you said it DC. The activity levels in High-Tech are strong. And I 
think if you look at the overall market, if you look at High-Tech stocks globally 
tend to be, at least the majors are at new highs. Most of them, as DC said earlier, 
start their financial year in July. So we'll look to see how the they pan out their 
spending for their financial year in the coming months. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Just one last follow-up on the retail segment in terms of the travel 
vertical. So as you mentioned in your opening remarks, that continues to see 
strong demand. So I mean, is the demand again in the travel vertical across the 
board? Or are we seeing the airlines and hospitality part also pick up now, 
which, as you had mentioned, are still, not maybe back to the pre-covid levels 
a couple of quarters ago.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, I would say travel and hospitality is seeing good traction and the business 
travel is not back to the same levels, but otherwise, we can see very good 
traction in terms of travel as well as in the rest of the hospitality, the hotels, 
etc., hotels as well as the restaurant chains, etc, all these things are definitely 
showing good traction.  
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Menon. 
Ravi Menon: 
Sir, 2 questions. One is on the employee costs. So headcount is down about 2% 
quarter-on-quarter. But despite that, employee costs are flat to slightly up. This 
is even with an effort to shift slightly offshore by about 10 basis points. So I 
want to check if there are any one- off costs in employee costs this quarter, 
such as bonus for people or some sort of wage adjustment as part of the 
integration. 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, Ravi, there is no one-off cost involved into it. This is partly driven by some 
of the policy harmonization that we do as part of these 2 companies coming 
together. And also, there is a slight increase in the on-site, while the net 
headcount has come down, there's an increase in the on-site headcount versus 
the offshore headcount, this is the new incremental headcount that comes in. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
So that has resulted into the cost being a little bit higher. But no alarming thing, 
nothing to worry about that. 
Ravi Menon: 
And second question is on this ROW. We usually have a seasonality with the 
pass through going away, but this seems a bit more than usual. So is there 
anything that's vertically specific, client specific in ROW? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Yes. ROW is client specific. See for us, the 2 biggest markets, which contribute 
90% of our revenue are Europe and the U.S. and both are U.S. is up 10% Y-o-
Y and Europe is up 7.3% Y-o-Y. So this is client specific. The business in this 
region tends to be much more project specific. So as projects get over, those 
kind of changes. We have also been careful about some of the programs that 
we're entering, especially in the India market, being cautious to make sure that 
we choose the right projects to bid. 
Ravi Menon: 
And one last question on the cross-sell. Are you starting to see larger TCV deal 
wins in your cross-sell upsell kind of opportunity? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
The answer is yes. In fact, what we are seeing with our increased scale and 
increased set of capabilities, in one of the High-Tech deals, that we talked about 
in our opening remarks, required us to have firstly presence in multiple 
countries across the world, right from North America to Europe to Asia to 
provide services, not just out of India, but multiple nearshore locations for this 
client globally. And it required a more extensive set of capabilities across 
essentially the entire space, the applications and infrastructure stack. So that 
combination is what we are certainly seeing. We're seeing it in terms of larger 
deal sizes we are being invited to by deal advisers increasingly. And also in 
terms of the ability to do structured deals, we have some of those also on the 
anvil that again are a reflection of the health of our balance sheet.  
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg. 
Mukul Garg: 
So DC, sorry to again nit pick on your aspiration for FY '24 growth. But just 
wanted to get some sense on how we should look at it realistically. Even if we 
aspire or build in a good growth pickup from Q2 onwards, you seem quite far 
away from the double-digit growth, which you guys were earlier looking for. 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
Can you give us some realistic sense in case in the deals which got delayed 
kind of play out in Q2 or in Q3, what can be the upper or lower bands of growth 
aspiration for FY '24. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Mukul, we are watching the space very closely. The behavior is quite 
unprecedented where the deals are closed, the start days are delayed or the 
decision-making process itself, which was supposed to close in a months’ time, 
clients are still sitting on it, and they want to delay the decision-making or 
closure of the deals. So I think this is something which is difficult for us to 
control. But I can tell you with reasonable confidence that we still want to look 
at our overall objective of profitable growth. And that's something which we 
have been always talking about. And I would like this profitable growth to be 
in the leader quadrant. And that's all I can say at this point of time. And that's 
something which the team is pretty confident about. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sure. And if I may ask another question, either DC or Nachiket can answer 
that. This is slightly longer term. If I look at your headcount for development 
team, it has been declining for the last 3 quarters, even adjusting for the 1,000 
reclassification, the utilization levels have picked up. Now given that the deal 
flow continues to be really strong. Are you at all concerned about return to high 
attrition in FY '25 as demand picks back up and are there any steps we are 
undertaking to avoid that scenario. This is something which is not just 
happening for you. It is happening across the industry. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Nachiket, do you want to take it? 
Nachiket Deshpande: So I think you're right that the nature of the deal and the type of the deal is 
shifting, right? And I think we talked about that. So what it also does on the 
talent front is, it actually provides us a better lead time to plan as compared to 
shorter tenure discretionary spend based growth that we had seen in the 
previous 2 years. And because that allows me to plan for skills better, it allows 
me to build certain skill sets instead of purely relying on hiring those from the 
market. Overall, both the lead time as well as costs for ramp-up for us, we can 
manage a lot better in current deal environment and which is why we have been 
comfortable taking the utilization up because each of these deal conversions 
allows us to do that correct planning and hire as needed in time. Of course, the 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
availability of the talent is also improved, so need to hire ahead of time has 
also gone down. As regards to its impact on attrition when the growth comes 
back, I mean, of course, it's very difficult to predict. But again, if you look at 
the nature of the demand, right, I think it's not just for us, but for everybody, it 
gives better time to plan talent. And as all of us with this nature of demand, are 
able to plan the talent better we can operate at the attrition levels that we 
operated pre-pandemic, right? I think the last 2 or 3 years, I would say, is an 
aberration. But as industry used to operate at a certain attrition level with a 
certain growth rate. And with this type of deal flow, we feel confident that we 
can do that for FY '24. So, FY '25 is hard to predict, I think it all will again be 
a function of nature of the deals and the kind of pipeline we get into. But based 
on today's visibility, I think this allows us a better talent planning. 
Nitin Mohta: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: My question was around 2 things. So one is you mentioned that sometimes, 
there are delays in the start. In addition, the deals that you have won, you also 
have a transition period and revenues will probably accrue post that. And the 
third was that I think the freeze on spending by some of your banking clients 
still continue. In that context, does it feel like Q2 would be softer than normal 
and one should actually anticipate a pickup in the second half and Q2 can 
actually be softer than what we originally thought, that was the first one. The 
second was on the margins, considering that we have wage increases, and we'll 
also have transition costs. Would it mean that we will see a dip in margin? And 
then the makeup in the second half, you also have higher pass-through revenue. 
So does that make it difficult to achieve the 17%, 18% exit, does that become 
difficult? So those are the 2 questions. 
Debashis Chatterjee: So let me answer the second question first and then get to the first question. 
See, as far as margin is concerned, it is not something which you can achieve 
just in one quarter. It's a program that you need to run. You have to have a 
margin program running across the organization. And once we started bringing 
the two organizations together as a part of our harmonization, we also rolled 
out the margin program. We'll look at the various levers that we can use for 
margin. I mean it's not a rocket science, like you can only use so many levers 
in our industry. So we know how to do it. And based on that, we are very 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
confident that at this point of time, the way we see the business, we should be 
able to improve margin over time. And in spite of taking in the wage hikes and 
all those things, the exit could be still 17% to 18% as we have told earlier. As 
far as the specifics, I think you articulated very nicely in terms of the 3 trends 
that we are seeing. One is the delays in onboarding. The second is even after 
the delays in terms of ramp-ups, the revenue profile will be also different for 
some of these deals and then the freeze that we had in some of the BFS 
accounts. So given all these scenarios, I think we have to again watch this 
space. But if the delays continue for too long, which we don't know, it's not 
something that we have a good visibility into it, but if the delays continue for 
too long, then obviously, we have to look at how these delays impact Q2. But 
otherwise, on the other hand, and this is what we mean by paradoxical things. 
On the other hand, the amount of activities we have in terms of deals is also 
quite significant. So we have to just wait and watch and see. But obviously, 
our hope is that we should definitely have a better Q2 compared to the current 
Q1 and we have to just leave it there for the time being. Sudhir, do you want 
to add anything? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
No, I think DC you've covered it. I think we are well positioned because with 
the new scale, I think our market positioning of having the capabilities which 
are similar to the larger peers and having the speed and the agility and 
nimbleness that was there in the DNA of both the  organizations would still 
exist. I think that combination suits us well to continue to be a challenger to 
the larger peers as well as to be a leader amongst the pack when it comes to 
some of the other deals which involve some of our smaller peers. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. Very helpful. Just one last one. Would it be possible to call out what 
proportion of the deals were new this quarter? 
Debashis Chatterjee: We don't give a color of that, Nitin.  
Nitin Mohta:                 That was the final question. I'll hand the floor to DC for the closing remarks. 
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, everybody, for joining the call. I have one more announcement to 
make. I would like to take a moment to welcome Vinay Kalingara as the Head of Investor Relations for 
LTIMindtree. Vinay is taking out from Nitin Mohta, who has decided to pursue opportunities outside 

 
LTIM Q1FY24 Earnings Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
the company. On behalf of LTIMindtree, I thank Nitin for his contribution to the company and wish 
him all the best. This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining, and I look forward to speaking with 
you all next quarter. Thank you. 
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vinay Kalingara, Head of Investor Relations  
Email: Vinay.Kalingara@ltimindtree.com  
