Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Vios Tower, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.com 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
July 24, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
Dear Sir,  
Sub: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 
Further to our letter dated July 13, 2023, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter first 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 held on Monday, July 17, 2023.  
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary 
SRIKANT 
NAIR
Digitally signed 
by SRIKANT NAIR 
Date: 2023.07.24 
12:58:58 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Rallis India Limited  
Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call 
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rallis India Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa 
from CDR India. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Rallis India's Q1 FY24 Earnings Call. 
We have with us today Mr. Sanjiv Lal, Managing Director and CEO, and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, 
Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in 
today's discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in the results presentation. I now invite Mr. Lal to open 
proceedings of the call. Over to you, Mr. Sanjiv.  
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thanks, Gavin, and good morning everyone. As mentioned, Subhra Gourisaria, our CFO, is also 
joining me on this call this morning. I will begin the discussion by providing a brief overview of the 
industry, post which I will comment on Rallis' specific developments.  
The agrochemical sector has encountered a rather challenging external environment. Delayed progress 
of monsoons and uneven rainfall distribution has impacted sowing patterns in the domestic market. 
Further, high channel inventory and unprecedented price drop for a few active ingredients due to an 
oversupply from China has created near-term volatility. We have also witnessed distress selling by 
some of the parties, resulting in very low price levels.  
As far as monsoons are concerned, we experienced a delayed start to the season due to cyclone 
Biparjoy, resulting in a rainfall deficit during the first half of June. However, there was an 
improvement in the second half of June, leading to a reduced deficit. Except for northwest India, other 
regions received below-average rainfall compared to the long-term average. The monsoons have 
picked up with cumulative rainfall being 2% above normal till July 12th. For the period up to July 
12th, out of the 36 subdivisions, 15 have received deficit rainfall, 10 have received normal rainfall 
and 11 have received excess rainfall. We have seen monsoon picking up pace and are hopeful of a 
good rainfall for the remainder of the season, El Nino notwithstanding. The delayed onset of the 
monsoon had an impact on crop acreage, with paddy and cotton being most affected. As per the 

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Ministry of Agriculture and News reports, the overall Kharif sowing is showing a 4.29% lower than 
the previous year at the same time. Paddy cultivation, which constitutes a sizable part of the Kharif 
crop cultivation, decreased by around 9.8% and cotton has decreased by about 5% compared to the 
previous year. On the other hand, the acreage for other major crops such as coarse cereals and 
sugarcane increased by 15.9% and 4.7% respectively compared to the previous year. With the 
improvement in rainfall across regions, we can expect an increase in sowing activity and hope things 
will reach normal levels by the season end.  
In terms of international business, there were challenges due to excess inventory build-up and pricing 
pressures on major generic active ingredients, which has affected business sentiments.  
Moving on to Rallis-specific developments, starting with our headline numbers, revenue de-grew by 
9% over the previous year, crop care business de-grew by 13% and seeds business registered a 2% de-
growth over the previous year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.109 crore as against Rs.113 crore 
last year. EBITDA margins came in at 14%, higher than the 13% of the previous year. There were 
concerted efforts to improve margins through timely pricing actions, better product mix and control 
on fixed costs. Our actions of timely liquidation of high-cost inventory in the past have also helped us 
during these turbulent times. Profit for the quarter stood at Rs.63 crore as against a profit of Rs.67 
crore reported during the corresponding period last year. 
Moving on to the individual businesses, as mentioned earlier, domestic business was impacted by the 
delayed onset of monsoon. This impacted the sowing activities coupled with excess channel 
inventory, which we have been indicating in our earlier calls as well, which has restricted the volume 
growth during the quarter. Channel inventory continues to be on the higher side, primarily due to 
higher carryover inventory from the previous year, led by low pest infestation in the Rabi season. Due 
to the expectations of drop in prices, the trade is expectedly cautious and are more likely to decide on 
their purchases closer to consumption. Q1 is largely a placement season and clearer liquidation trends 
will become evident during Q2. Besides new product launches, we have also been working towards 
expanding our distribution network and continue to work with e-com channels as well. Our 
distribution network for domestic crop care business stood at 4700 with a retail footprint increasing to 
about 61000 as of end June. 
Moving on to international business, as mentioned earlier, excess channel inventory coupled with 
sharp price erosion across major generic active ingredients have impacted the overall growth 
sentiment during the quarter. Prices of certain key products like Acephate and Hexaconazole continue 
to trend lower. Prices for Pendimethalin have been somewhat stable. Overall, volumes during the 
quarter have been significantly lower compared to the previous year and we continue to remain 
positive on Pendimethalin for which we have secured ‘technical equivalence’ in EU.Also, for 
Pendimethalin, as indicated in our earlier calls, raw material supplies for the product have been 
secured and the outlook remains positive due to our new access to the EU market. 
Moving on to contract manufacturing, the business remains steady with revival of PEKK after a gap 
of nearly two years. Our teams continue to engage with overseas partners for further expanding 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
contract manufacturing partnerships. As mentioned in the earlier calls, we have signed three new 
contract manufacturing opportunities and we have commenced the dispatch of one intermediate 
during the last quarter. 
At Dahej SEZ, trial production has started at MPP plant. We have expanded the capacity for one of 
our key formulations both for domestic and export markets. On the digitization front, we have 
strengthened our planning process by deployment of SAP integrated business planning solution. We 
expect this to enable more agile and precise decision making while also digitizing many of our 
processes.  
Moving on to seeds business, we have had a good start with revenue marginally lower over the 
previous year. Our placement efforts were quite satisfactory with support from all teams. We also had 
a good marketing engagement for most of our regions. In terms of the new hybrids, we are pleased 
with the performance of Diggaz, our north cotton hybrid which has seen a good volume growth. In 
terms of absolute numbers, this season we sold 4 lakh packets as against 1.5 lakh packets during Q1 
FY23. As far as other crops are concerned, we are waiting to see clear trends in liquidation with rains 
picking up only now. Our distribution network for seeds business stood at 2750 and retail footprint 
increasing to 47000 retailers as of end June.  
To conclude, while the year has started on a challenging note, we are hopeful that the situation will 
ease in the second half of the fiscal. Our efforts are directed towards strengthening our product 
portfolio across businesses, our domestic formulation business, our seeds business and international 
business as well. We are also working towards widening our distribution reach. With these opening 
remarks, I will now hand over to Subhra for a detailed analysis of the financials. Over to you, Subhra.  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you, Sanjiv. Good morning, everyone and thank you today for joining us for our Q1 Earnings 
Call. Let me quickly walk you through our financial performance for the quarter, post which we shall 
commence the Q&A session. Starting with the top line, our revenue for the quarter was Rs.782 crore 
as against Rs.863 crore during the previous quarter same period. The degrowth in the revenue was 
primarily on account of volumes and sharp drop in prices as mentioned by Sanjiv. 
As such, performance of both domestic and international business was somewhat benign. Seeds 
business was broadly flat with revenue of Rs.262 crore during the quarter. EBITDA for the quarter 
stood at Rs.109 crore as against Rs.113 crore during corresponding period last year. While the 
absolute EBITDA is lower, however, the EBITDA margin stood at 14% vis-a-vis 13% in Q1 FY23. 
Our teams have displayed agility in navigating through these turbulent times by ensuring market 
linked pricing and superior product mix. Profit for the quarter stood at Rs.63 crore as against Rs.67 
crore for the corresponding quarter in previous year. PAT for the quarter at 8.1% vis-a-vis 7.8% in Q1 
FY23. 
Moving on to business wise performance, delayed monsoons coupled with high channel inventory 
impacted volumes and realization during the quarter. We had also indicated in our previous calls that 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
the channel inventory has been higher and the sales growth will be impacted in the near term owing to 
the same. 
The trade is in a wait and watch mode and are likely to firm up their decisions closer to the 
consumption period. We are committed towards improving our product mix by launching new and 
innovative products. These new products are targeted towards not only strengthening our existing 
position but also helping us plug the crop and regional gaps in our portfolio. 
Moving on to international business, we remain cautious. Prices of input materials have been very 
volatile with some of the raw materials witnessing drop of more than 50% since their peak couple of 
years back. As you can expect in this situation, it is exceedingly difficult to predetermine the right 
purchase price. 
We are working on shorter purchase and pricing cycles and are taking portfolio calls to liquidate 
inventory even at a lower margin wherever necessary. Also, globally some of the players in the 
industry have been holding very high inventory and delaying purchases till they are able to liquidate 
the old stocks. 
Moving on to seeds, early trends are positive, especially the liquidation of North Cotton. However, we 
will get clear reads on the balance crops only by the end of current season. Our cash flows have 
improved with specific focus on inventory reduction and collections in the domestic and international 
market. 
During the quarter, we repaid Rs.25 crore of working capital loan. We envisage capex would be in the 
region of Rs.150 crore for the year. To conclude, we are hopeful that efforts towards improving 
product mix and distribution network coupled with efforts towards lowering our dependency on China 
for raw materials will contribute meaningfully in the coming years. 
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, 2% increase in crop care EBITDA in this sort of a subdued 
environment is quite commendable. What were the drivers in that, if you can just highlight for the 
start? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, you know, the prices have been quite volatile, as you would have also got from your own 
network. So what we have been trying to do is taking more frequent pricing calls, downwards when 
it's necessary and  upwards, when necessary, and also ensuring that we are not pushing too much into 
the trade because the trade is already overloaded, not with our product, but I'm saying generally the 
trade is overloaded. And we've also been taking these pricing calls and also been looking at our 
portfolio in terms of the more relevant products for the current period of time. So that is the portfolio 
choices that we are making for pushing appropriately. So largely, these are the actions and we had 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
already started the work on our network expansion a couple of quarters back, and we had spoken 
about it. And that is also helping in sort of increasing our reach and width of our network. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Secondly, sir, how post Q1, in the first 17 days of Q2, how has been the demand from the trade as 
well as the actual liquidation at the farmer's end? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
See, actually, what is happening is that the northwest of the country where the sowing initially starts, 
as you are aware, that is having excessive rainfall. So, the consumption of many of these chemicals is 
still going to have to wait. So I think consumption may take some time for picking up, but since the 
overall acreages have now increased and come to within 5% of the same period last year, I think the 
overall sentiment seems to be in the right direction, that gives us some optimism. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tarang Agarwal from Old Bridge Capital.   
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi, good morning. Three questions from my side, mainly on the Diggaz seeds. What are the attributes 
of the seed which are driving offtake? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Well, I think what is driving offtake is that this is a slightly early variety and it is shown very good 
yield and this is what is finding favor with the farmers. Last year also we had a very positive 
response, although the volumes which we sold were limited by what we had, which was about 1.5 
lakh packets and we had scaled up to about 4 lakh packets, which practically we believe have all got 
sold out. So this has come out as a good product and the farmers are appreciating the performance 
over the last two years, which is helping us scale it up. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay, and I mean, how do you see it for next year? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Well, we believe that this particular product is going to grow even further. So we are hopeful of being 
able to get enough acreages for planting for the next season. So that is the work currently underway 
for securing acreages for expanding the availability for next year. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay, and how is it priced? I mean, is it priced at par, slightly at a premium? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, no. We are not doing any value extraction through a premium. It is sort of priced at a similar level 
to what our products have been. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus Asset Manager.   
Rahul Veera: 
Hi sir, so I just want to understand our new launches, Gateway and Gateway GL. Are we making the 
technical by ourselves or are we procuring it from outside? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, no. This is currently insourced. We are going to be making the technical, but that is some time 
away. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay, is it a domestic manufacturer? 

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes. It is a domestic supplier. 
Rahul Veera: 
Okay and sir, coming back to the seed portfolio, are you seeing a reduction of spurious seeds in the 
cotton, where we are able to gain more marketable, because at the industry level data, we are seeing 
that the growing is down by 12%, versus our product has grown extremely well. But is it also because 
of these spurious seeds going down, particularly the industry or channel thing, sir?? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Rahul, I am not very clear as to what is the level of the illegal cotton that has been sold this year, 
that we will know only more towards the end of Q2. But certainly, I think there has been a mixed 
experience of the farmers. This is from what our understanding is, that they have really not benefited 
from the illegal cotton that has been used by them. 
All said and done, having seeds from a known company is giving a lot of assurance. So that has been 
our experience, where our products, at least in the North market, have moved well. Even Maharashtra, 
which is an important market for us, we believe that one of our very good hybrids, which 
unfortunately did not do very well in the last two years, has also done, I would say, reasonably well, 
although we will know the final figures after the liquidation only towards the end of Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, good morning. Thank you. So is it possible to share the breakdown between price and volume 
between both the domestic crop care and the export for the quarter, please? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes. So Abhijit, domestic crop care business volumes were largely flattish, and price was the one 
which had led to this de-growth. And as far as international crop care business is concerned, the large 
part of the de-growth was led out of volume, with the mix of the portfolio, we were able to manage at 
an overall level the price, but the large part of the de-growth was coming out of volume. 
Abhijit Akella: 
 
Okay. So the extent of price decline, is it possible to share a rough range there for the export side? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It would be sub10%. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Got it, and also, just on the pricing actions now, were there further price reductions taken 
during the quarter, and should we expect any lagged impact of that for the upcoming September 
quarter as well? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, there will be definitely carry-forward, because some of the price changes, as you know the prices 
or the material cost has been on a downward trajectory, and that's where we will have a carry-forward 
impact further in Q2. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.   

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So first question is from the demand from global markets. So on the exports front, are there particular 
geographies where the inventories are higher and other geographies, where it is normal? Any sense on 
this? Thank you. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, Rohit, in terms of our portfolio, Pendimethalin is one of our important herbicides, and the demand 
for that, we have seen largely stable, although there has been some price correction. On the 
insecticides, which is where Acephate is, one of our big insecticides that we export largely to Brazil, 
there we find that the price erosion has been very, very significant. As well as the inventory of 
herbicide, our understanding is also on the higher side, although Metribuzin is a smaller volume for us 
in that market presently. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it sir. Second question is in terms of the increase of Chinese generics in the domestic 
market. So what is your sense, how this is affecting the domestic market and will it have a significant 
impact during the Kharif season because there is just a placement quarter and second quarter will see 
the actual impact in terms of any returns? Thank you. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
We have a number of Multinationals and Indian companies in the domestic formulation business and 
basically the competition is in this set only. So many of these Chinese generics are being procured for 
formulation by the Indian companies as well as some of these Multinationals. So nothing has changed 
as far as that is concerned. The issue is that, the prices are coming down and there is already overload 
of inventory in the market and if the consumption picks up as the season progresses, then the industry 
will also have a positive outcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Manager.   
Viraj Kacharia: 
My first question is on the inventory part. If we can just probably give some perspective, both in India 
and in international markets, what is the extent of inventory in the system? Sir, if an annual 
consumption is 100, then are we at 30 or 60? So any perspective you can give both for the market or, 
key regions, India and abroad and for us? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I had mentioned in my earlier comment, that for the products that we are dealing in, we are finding 
that Pendimethalin, the demand is stable, plus we also expanded our technical equivalence in EU. So 
that is also helping in us, being able to maintain the volumes as far as Pendimethalin is concerned. We 
do have issues with Acephate, more so on the pricing. And Hexaconazole, which is another big 
molecule of ours, which we are selling into Southeast Asia, we are seeing some revival in terms of 
consumption, off-take in particular. So this is largely it and Metribuzin, I would say, more or less flat 
with maybe some slight uptake in terms of volume that we are expecting going forward. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Okay, so basically, what I was trying to understand is, Q1, if you see our, especially the domestic 
business, so these are the factors, which you outlined in product mix, more dynamic pricing, and, but 
product mix per se doesn't change in a quarter, right? I understand, we've been trying to launch new 
products and trying to scale them up. But there's also a factor of the key product prices, especially in 

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
generic, being on a downward trajectory. So in terms of Q1 performance, is there something, were 
there any one-offs in this? Or how should one really understand the performance in domestic 
business, which helped us both in our sales and profit? 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
There are no one-offs. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
There are no one-offs. I would just say that, we've tried to be a little prudent in terms of, how we are 
doing our pricing. Also, on the procurement side, we've been reducing the quantities that we are 
buying at any particular point in time so that it has limited impact on the, in case the prices come 
down further. So we've been trying to navigate through this, in a manner, which I would say has been 
helpful. And what has also been mentioned is that, last quarter we were sitting on higher cost 
inventory, which we had liquidated even at very, very nominal margins. So that has also helped.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset 
Management Company.  
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question. Just on the export front, we talked of in the previous quarter’s 
export of PEKK, the molecule coming back for the aerospace. Has that come through or do we expect 
it to take further time? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No. I also mention that, we will be exporting some of the PEKK during the current financial year 
from practically zero in the last two years. So we will be doing some volume this year. Our 
understanding with our customer is that, this volume is expected to steadily pick up over the next 
couple of years to where it was before this pandemic started. So it is, in the right direction now. 
Arjun Khanna: 
 
Did we see any revenues in the first quarter? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes. We saw revenues in the first quarter. In fact, we commenced dispatches from Q4 of FY23. 
Arjun Khanna: 
 
Sure. No, because we’ve yet de-grown 30% of this. Obviously, the scale is smaller? Sure but…  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Yes. The scale is not at peak capacity. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. The second is in terms of the MPP that’s come through, in terms of the products, we’re going to 
fill it in, do we have a sense of roadmap, when we could reach peak sales and which products we’re 
going to fill in? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes, so this year, we’ve already commencing with Difenoconazole, for which trial production is 
currently going on. And all going well, we will be doing one contract manufacturing molecule 
towards the end of Q3 in the same plant. Again, there’s another intermediate that we are going to do 
in that plant. So, that may also happen towards Q3. So, Q2 will largely be Difenoconazole in the 
multipurpose plant. 

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama.   
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, a couple of questions. One is on this sharp fall in prices and especially our supplies, which are 
coming immediately from China, where we have seen a sharp price reduction. Are we seeing that 
definitely when the high cost inventory is over, we see that the benefit of low availability, this low 
cost from Chinese material will help us in margin expansion? Or do you see that, everything will be 
passed on in the current competitive environment and no opportunity for the margin gain? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
The prices have been coming down quite sharply and practically there's been new pricing which is 
being offered on a day to day basis. So, the issue is that, even the customer is seeing this declining 
price trend and for our products also, they are demanding lower pricing. So, in a declining market, it 
becomes very difficult to sort of get any kind of upside if that's what you are alluding to, Rohan. And 
our view is that in this kind of uncertain market, it may be better to take shorter procurement calls 
rather than taking a position and then you find that the price has fallen even further. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, my question was more basically, we at least procure close to 45% to 50% of our raw material 
requirement from the China market. So, which is pretty high compared to other players. So, when the 
Chinese prices have corrected so much, so I was just expecting that are we in a position to gain some 
benefit in terms of the low pricing environment because we are still dependent on China market? 
Also, another question is that we have a backward integrated in an intermediates of Pendimethalin and 
Metribuzin. In a current environment, do we see that the Chinese raw material availability is much 
attractive price than manufacturing by ourselves or in terms of if we have to keep any of our plant, we 
may lose in terms of the pricing advantage, which otherwise would have been offered from China? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
This is again that question of make versus buy. So, if there's a better pricing that we are getting from 
imports, we will certainly look at that. And wherever we have got commitments because you 
developed a domestic manufacturer, we will stick to our commitment only that is very clear. There 
could be some low pricing that may be happening out of China, but we have certain tie-ups and 
commitments with some of our partners. We are also discussing with them about the correct level of 
pricing for the intermediates that we have shifted from import to domestic. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
And on to your first question, I think, the prices will ultimately reach to a level of equilibrium. So, I 
don't think that anybody having an index to a major source will help over a period of time. It will be 
market-determined pricing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is on the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital.   
Ankur Periwal: 
Sir my first question, on the overall revenue growth both in the domestic as well as international 
market, given the on-ground scenario in terms of elevated inventory, what are our thoughts both on 
domestic and international considering that there are certain product launches that you have done 
already and probably are planning going ahead also? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Ankur, if I have understood your question, it is on revenue growth? 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Ankur Periwal: 
More focusing on the volume part here 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes, okay. So, in terms of revenue growth, pricing growth I think is unlikely to happen in the near 
term because currently where the prices are. The main thing is volume recovery, so that is going to be 
a key driver for overall growth. And for the international market, we are a little cautious because the 
inventories are on the higher side, which is really putting a huge amount of pressure on all pricing. 
As far as domestic is concerned, we expect that as the season is progressing, the consumption of these 
chemicals/products will start happening, which will help in bringing back the volume growth. So we 
are really pushing for volume growth with new product being introduced as well. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, and the contribution from the new products, especially in the domestic market, will still be 
hovering around 10%, 12% or it will be improving? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
We have been tracking what we call as the Innovation Turnover Index. Last year it was at around 
13%. And I had mentioned in earlier calls that if we are able to get to about ITI of about 15%, we will 
be in a good position. So we are still very much focused on getting our new products to be scaled up. 
And in that context, not only in the crop protection business, we have launched some new products 
this season in the  crop nutrition  and seeds category as well . So we are looking at across our portfolio 
to be able to bring in new products for driving the Innovation Turnover Index. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Chintan Modi from Haitong Securities India Private Limited.  
Chintan Modi: 
Sir, the de-growth that we have seen in the international market, do you think this is more or less in 
line with the market trends or do you think that Chinese companies have got very aggressive and 
gaining market share there? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I don't have a very clear answer. I guess that will emerge as the time progresses, exactly who is 
winning and who is losing. But you know, I am sure you also come across these various news reports 
of very serious inventory and pricing, even with the multinationals which is likely to impact their 
overall revenues and growth during the current calendar year. 
Chintan Modi: 
Sure. And second is with respect to the MPP, when should we expect this to be like full utilisation 
levels? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So this year, we are out looking, maybe we will get to about 60% capacity utilisation and next year, it 
should be much better. So this is the first year that we are going to be using it. So we have to bring in 
the new products and I had mentioned that one we have already started and one more intermediate 
and one more molecule we will be producing towards Q3. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities.  
Archit Joshi: 
Just one question. Sir, can you give us some general sense of the situation in China and when do you 
see this entire inventory problem subsiding? Any thoughts on this situation? 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Well, I can only sort of go with what I have heard and also some of the inputs that we have received 
following the CSE, which was I think very well attended by many global companies. So the sense is 
that the Chinese industry is also trying to get back to a growth path, which I think is perhaps putting a 
lot of pressure on availability out of China. But with the inventories being where they are globally, 
that is pushing prices downwards.  
So I guess there will be some amount of stability, which will come once the inventory of many of 
these input materials in China also starts building up because unless there is consumption of these 
intermediates, they will also have to curtail their production. If they all continue to produce the way 
they are, then there is going to be a serious issue on even inventory of some of these materials in 
China. 
So our sense is that there could be some price stability that may start emerging in the next month or 
two. We have already seen it in some of the products which seem to have now touched the bottom 
because some of the offers that are coming are at a slightly elevated price. So there seems to be some 
stability that is now coming, at least for some of the intermediates. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Actually, there were a few companies, obviously global companies, some of them saying 
that the inventory situation can alleviate a bit probably in the first half of this calendar year. And there 
are some companies who are calling out for a complete washout for this entire calendar year or 
probably financial year. So I know that this will go, it will be product specific and it might differ from 
one product to another. For our company specifically, whatever we are exporting in the international 
market, for that, do you see, as you mentioned earlier, would that in some situations like Acephate 
maybe, the bottom has already reached, would that be like a safer assumption going forward and that 
there may not be any more deterioration in terms of prices? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
As far as the season in Brazil is concerned, it is going to be picking up now in Q2. So if that season 
goes well, then there could be a huge demand coming back. And as far as our portfolio is concerned, I 
would say that we need to be a little watchful largely for Acephate, the others, I think, we will be able 
to manage. So Acephate, the price erosion has been fairly sharp and we are a little cautious on that 
particular product. But others, I think we should be able to navigate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Arihant Capital Markets Limited.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Couple of question sir, firstly what will be the incremental revenue come from the capex completed in 
Dahej, if you can throw some light on the same? 
Second question, apart from Dahej capex, what is the additional capex timeline for next two years, if 
you can give a little more of an accounting?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
The revenue from our new MPP, there is nothing in Q1 from the new product because we have started 
the trial production in the month of June. So there is no revenue, but it will start accruing from Q2 
onwards. And as far as capital is concerned, we expect to be incurring a capex of about Rs.150-odd 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
crore during FY24. We will be spending some part of that on our new R&D facility as well, and also 
for perhaps some de-bottlenecking that we would like to do for one or two of our products where we 
see some good opportunity.  
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, going forward, any numbers like what kind of revenue, like asset turnover, you will be looking 
out once that is completed in the next three years? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, typically as we mentioned in the earlier calls also, we look at our investment decisions slightly on 
the longer term using the internal rate of return for the investments that we make. So the asset turns 
and all, we have to see in a slightly longer period of time. Subhra, unless you would like to add 
something? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
This is a multi-purpose plant and it's for seeding new opportunities. So it will take some time as we 
try to reach the full capacity utilization. So I think, it will be early for us to talk about asset turns on 
this plant now. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
So in terms of the gross margin expansion in the first quarter, can you explain how you have been 
able to achieve that? Because of the decline in the international business, where you may possibly be 
enjoying lower margins. What is the reason for this? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So one factor, as you said, is of course the mix, which is domestic versus international. But more 
importantly, it is within the products that we sold within the international business and the domestic 
business. So that has helped in terms of margin expansion. Plus, we have been able to sell off our high 
price inventory. We do have a small proportion even now, but not a significant one that has helped in 
terms of not coming under pricing pressure in terms of being on a very low margin. We have indeed 
taken some pricing calls at a low margin, but at a portfolio level, we have been able to be at a similar 
margin level or slightly better. 
S Ramesh: 
As a follow-up, are we in a position to sustain this gross margin reported in the first quarter for the 
rest of the year, adjusted for seasonality of course? And on this base for next year, will you be able to 
maintain this sort of margin assuming prices are stable, so that if there is a volume growth, you can 
show earnings from a broader trajectory perspective? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
See, you yourself have said that there are multiple factors which are going to depend on margin. Plus, 
more importantly, you should remember that Q1 is a seeds business where the margins are relatively 
better. So if the domestic business does well, which makes better gross margin for us, the margin 
should continue to improve. But it's too early or too premature to say, because it's dependent on 
various factors. 
S Ramesh: 
Just one last thought. So if you're looking at the MPP and the new product, incrementally, our 
understanding is a long-term decision, but incrementally, do we see growth coming more from 
volume growth or would you also be able to improve your margin profile? 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I think, in the near term, it will be more of the volume growth, because the price volatility is such, I 
don't think we can get huge revenue growth coming from pricing, at least in the near term. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vishnu Kumar from Spark Capital.   
Vishnu Kumar: 
I wanted to understand how the current demand trends, especially the fact that we are facing excess 
rainfall in certain regions and very deficient rainfall in the southern central. If you could just help us 
understand all this? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
We just have to wait for some time because the consumption really needs to start now. Q1 largely is 
placement for crop protection and it is the main season for our seeds business, which we have already 
said has gone off well in our context. So the agrochemical consumption will just about now be getting 
started. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
So are there any early trends that you're picking up, sir, because at least in the southern markets, the 
rainfall deficiency seems to be much higher. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
That is true. So actually, if you see the offtake by trade, I think that is now picking up slightly because 
in anticipation of good planting, which is happening, the trade is also picking up material now. So we 
expect things to become clear in about a week, 10 days time. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And also, sir, you mentioned that the price, I mean, the price erosion is continuing. Is it 
more or less passed through at the retail level or you still expect that the retail pricing can come down 
a little bit further to accommodate for the price reduction that is happening currently? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So in terms of our inventory in the market, I think we are okay. There will be no further reduction that 
we will see because we sort of, as I mentioned, done very, very measured placement in the market 
with the pricing that we believe is right. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions on the technical business. This is more to do with trying to get a sense on 
Acephate and Pendimethalin where you guys are big players. So on the market, the global market, 
right, is the pricing impact on account of incumbent manufacturers liquidating the stock that was 
already lying in their factories, maybe because of COVID, they were not able to supply? Or is it 
because of some sort of aggression on their part wanting to garner higher market share irrespective of 
whatever price it comes at? That's one. 
Number two, I mean, given your scale in manufacturing these technicals, right, you all are fairly well 
aware of the cost structures and the current pricing and how they both interact. So at current prices of 
Acephate, Pendimethalin, do you think these are sustainable prices for any player? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
In terms of Pendimethalin, I think, the pricing has been a little more stable. So we don't see any major 
issue there. But yes, in terms of Acephate, we have seen a very, very sharp reduction in pricing. Just 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
to give you a sense of some numbers, the DMPAT is one of the key starting materials for Acephate, 
the price has come down by over 40% since its peak last year, which has led to the price of the 
product itself declining very, very sharply. So I would say that the price for Acephate is largely being 
driven off the price of the starting material, which is forcing the product to be sold at much lower 
pricing. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. And do you see this? I mean, whatever action that we are seeing, whether it's on the technical 
or the intermediate, that action is on account of the manufacturer trying to liquidate the stock that was 
already lying? Or is it on account of some aggression of them wanting to come back on the horse and 
really gain market share irrespective of whatever price they gain market share at? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
No, I think, there is some additional capacity which has come up and perhaps the newer players are 
trying to establish themselves with some of these intermediates, which is also adding to the lower 
pricing. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you for the follow-up. Just one question. For the domestic crop protection business, could you, 
is it possible to share the percentage of revenues from the top five products? And second, just on the 
new products, Chlorantraniliprole the two formulations that we are launching. If you could, you 
know, just help us understand your outlook for that market, I believe it's very large, but there's 
probably a lot of generic competition that's creeping in now. So what sort of market share would you 
potentially aspire to get in that? Thank you so much. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Well, you're absolutely right, that this Chlorantraniliprole is a fairly large market as far as India is 
concerned and more recently, we've seen a number of products getting launched in this category. So 
we are also going to be participating in this particular segment with this particular product. 
And initially, we will have, a product introduction and we will maybe take a year to scale it up. As 
you rightly pointed out, that many competitors have now come up with similar products.  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I don't think at the quarter level we can look at the revenues for top products. But it's not that any of 
our products, it's not over-indexed on any specific product. So we have top 10, 12 products which 
contribute some 40% for the revenue. So it's a fairly diversified portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers.  
Gagan Thareja: 
Sir, last year you took significant write-offs and provisions on seeds. I think there was something in 
the first quarter of last year as well. Would a reduction there or elimination altogether of that have had 
a favorable impact on the seeds business for the quarter and for the full year this year? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Firstly, we didn't take any material write-offs in Q1. It was all in Q4, you would have seen the 
numbers. We have not had any reversal of that in Q1. So nothing of one-off which has helped the 
process. No write-back. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Gagan Thareja: 
But for the full year? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
A bit early to say whether there will be a write-back or a further write-off, it will all depend on how 
Kharif goes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dheeresh Pathak from White Oak Capital. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
So for the export markets, where the industry in general and we are also experiencing higher 
inventory in the channel. So if you can give some better quantification, let's say for Acephate in 
Brazil, which we have a larger market. If the baseline inventory in the channel for Acephate in the 
Brazilian market is let's say 100, where is the industry in aggregate at? Is it at 200? Is it at 150? 
Something like that would help me get a better sense of the magnitude and the severity of the channel. 
Because everybody is saying there is too much channel inventory. But there is not enough 
understanding at least from my side. What is the extent of the problem? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I think, Dheeresh, that issue is certainly there. This is all qualitative information. This quantitative 
information is not available. 
Dheeresh Pathak: 
Sir, that's why I am picking a particular product and particular market. Because that you would know, 
right? Because you are so, Acephate in the Indian market is an important product for you. From your 
sales team, you would have some sense of what kind of channel inventory is there, right? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
As far as Acepthate is concerned, the issue is not that we will not be able to sell the entire production 
volume during the year. The issue for us is largely the pricing which is being forced downwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that was the last question of the question-and-answer session. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thank you, Zico. As you would appreciate, we are facing significant challenges in the near term due 
to sharp price reduction and global demand reduction due to inventory overhang. We discussed quite 
a bit about that during the call today. We will continue to monitor the volume-led growth across our 
portfolio.rice-led revenue growth,that is certainly going to be a challenge. However, focus will be on 
improving realizations through better product mix and dynamic pricing actions. Our diverse portfolio 
with presence across domestic and international markets, crop nutrition and seeds business does offer 
the business enough stability to navigate through these challenging times. 
Absolute EBITDA and cash flow will also continue to be a key priority across our teams. We will 
further focus on improving collections across geographies in Q2. Investments over the last couple of 
years in R&D, product development, manufacturing will certainly enable us to drive our growth 
agenda in a sustainable way. 
With that, thank you all for joining and we will connect again three months from now with our Q2 
outcomes. Thank you very much. 
