 
 
 
UFL/SEC/2023                                                                                                      August 21, 2023 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra –Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
The BSE Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Bldg., P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code:  UFLEX 
 
Scrip Code: 500148 
 
Subject:  Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 17th August, 2023  
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted 
on 17th August, 2023. The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at:  
https://www.uflexltd.com/pdf/EarningsConferenceCall/2023-24/UFlex_Q1FY24_Transcript.pdf 
 
Request you to take on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
(Ritesh Chaudhry) 
Sr. Vice President - Secretarial & 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: As above  
 
RITESH 
CHAUDHRY
Digitally signed by 
RITESH CHAUDHRY 
Date: 2023.08.21 
18:37:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“ UFlex Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SACHIN BOBADE – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH BHATIA – GROUP PRESIDENT – FINANCE & 
ACCOUNTS & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – UFLEX 
LIMITED 
MR. ANANTSHREE CHATURVEDI – VICE CHAIRMAN – 
FLEX FILMS INTERNATIONAL 
MR. APOORVSHREE CHATURVEDI – DIRECTOR – 
EUROPEAN UNION – OPERATIONS & SUSTAINABILITY – 
UFLEX LIMITED 
MR. SURJIT PAUL – VICE PRESIDENT – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – UFLEX LIMITED 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the UFlex Limited Q1 FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that the 
conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sachin Bobade from 
Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Sachin Bobade: 
Thank you Lizann. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY2024 
earnings conference call of UFlex Limited. Hope you all and your family members are 
staying safe and healthy. From the management side we have with us Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, 
Group President, Finance and Accounts and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Anantshree 
Chaturvedi, Vice Chairman Flex Films International, Mr. Apoorvshree Chaturvedi, 
Director, EU Operations and Sustainability, UFlex Group, and Mr. Surjit Pal, Vice 
President, Investor Relations. Now I hand the floor to the management for their opening 
remark and then we would have question on answer session. Over to you Sir. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thanks everybody and we welcome you all to Q1 FY2024 earnings call of UFlex Limited. I 
will start with the positives and the positives for the quarter are that this quarter we 
witnessed highest ever packaging films volumes from our India operations. We witnessed 
highest aseptic ever revenue in a quarter. We witnessed the highest ever export revenue in a 
quarter of about Rs.400 Crores and we even from the aseptic packaging business the export 
revenues are now touching close to about Rs.200 Crores per quarter and the best is that 
while the packaging films business has been a bit sluggish a couple of months after the 
onset of the Russia and Ukraine conflict, but in terms of this quarter what we can say is that 
we have not seen any deterioration in volumes in terms of the packaging films, especially 
the PET and overall basis we have maintained the positive sales volume on a quarter-to-
quarter basis by about 0.5% or so. The other value added films also like holographic films 
also we have seen a 28% Y-o-Y increase in volumes and the Dharwad project which we 
commissioned on 31st of March has helped us to achieve about 77% capacity utilization 
from that plant which has given us about 22% volume increase in the packaging films 
business in India. Overall, for the quarter when we see the EBITDA margins though on a 
standalone basis are at about 12.3%. This quarter there has been some normal foreign 
exchange fluctuation losses also to the extent of about Rs.18 Crores so if we negate that 
impact then the standalone EBITDA margin stands at about 13.5%. The consolidated 
EBITDA margins stands at 9.3% which when we compare with the peers, that seems much 
better than most of them and I have seen the numbers from about 4.5% to 9% range which 
shows that the packaging films business will continue to be sluggish given that what has 
happened in Europe, what is happening in America in terms of the sustaining fees in the 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
interest rates, inflation which has impacted the consumption, but still if you see our PAT for 
our America business, we have still achieved positive capacity utilization of our America 
plant is 100%. The capacity utilization for Mexico plant is about 87%. We have seen a dip 
in capacity utilization, we are still keeping those plants at a full capacity but we are getting 
impacted at a margin level. While in the European plants the capacity utilization levels have 
been impacted because of consumption being impacted due to higher energy prices and 
higher mortgage payments which the customers have to do driven by the increased interest 
rates across all the mortgages. Again this quarter we have been also impacted very hugely, 
in the third week of June when the new government took over in Nigeria in the month of 
March and thereafter we have seen this one major policy change where the Central Bank of 
Nigeria which was sort of keeping a peg on the Dollar Naira parity has now sort of linked it 
to the market demand and supply situation which led to about 62% devaluation of the Naira 
currency vis a vis US dollar and we have seen the huge impact of that in this quarter. It is 
about Rs.382 Crores in this quarter where the currency has moved from about ₦460 
(Nigerian Naira) to a dollar to about ₦750 (Nigerian Naira) to a dollar and that explains us 
this exceptional item because our borrowings there are in dollar and that has impacted the 
profitability at the bottom line, and we have reported a net loss of about Rs.416 Crores in 
this quarter. The Aseptic business though it has done well but we still miss the momentum 
because of an early onset of the monsoon in the country this year which means that 
beverage consumption gets affected when the summer is shortened and otherwise we could 
have done still better in that business. We had told that we are expanding the capacity by 
debottlenecking the plant from an existing 7 billion packs to about 12 billion packs which 
will be operational in the next fiscal and we have now quite a good hold on the domestic as 
well as the international markets in that and team strongly believes that as and when this 
capacity is available as it was the last time when the capacity got increased from 3.5 billion 
packs to 7 billion packs they are performing, and they are producing much more than that. 
This quarter also the capacity utilization of the plant was about close to about 120% and 
keeping that momentum I think the team is quite confident that as and when the revised 
enhanced capacity is available, they go into sort of market all of that in a very short span of 
time so there are positives. There are positives on the aseptic packaging. There are positives 
on flexible packaging including the holographic films business which as I said that has seen 
about a 28% Y-o-Y increase in the volumes and the revenues and once this packaging film 
business stabilizes, I think we will see much better level of profitability with much higher 
operational level from our aseptic plant as well as our flexible packaging business. 
 
On the capex part, the two projects backward integration where we will be going to 
manufacture our own raw material for our PET films. One is based in Panipat which is 
likely to be operational by the end of this fiscal and another one in Egypt which will also 
become operational in about six to eight months’ time after we operationalize the Panipat 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
plant which would sort of given the level of the capacities that we have globally and being 
number two in the industry, I think that will give us enough sort of cushioning against any 
shortages, against any unforeseen price increases. I can now share with you that during the 
COVID period, during tough times while availability was an issue, in European business we 
have almost paid three and a half times of our normal prices that were add on prices for the 
PET chips during this COVID period as compared to what we were paying earlier. So it did 
impact our margins during the COVID period and given that we now run huge capacity and 
the entire competition has already set up these plants, PET chips manufacturing along with 
their PET lines, we were the only exception and we were continuing to buy from the 
market, but yes we suffered quite extensively during the COVID period both from an 
availability as well as from a pricing perspective and now that they will be getting 
commissioned in the current fiscal, I think that and business risks also is now taken care of.  
 
On the BOPP side the entire industry depends on the outsourced raw material and so will 
we continue to do that and but from a PET perspective, I think we will be even far better 
than the competition because what we have is one single large facility where we also have 
flexibility of making the bottle grade chips which again continue to have a great momentum 
or we can make the PET chips for the packaging film. So, we have that flexibility kept. As I 
was saying that this is the minimum economic size of the facility that we are setting up in 
Panipat as well as in Egypt, is going to be much more efficient and cost effective as 
compared to the competition because we are going to produce at one single source, large 
capacity and while the practice has been that for each PET line you set up an equivalent 
PET chips manufacturing capability as and when you set up a line. So that in nutshell sort 
of explains.  
 
The debt levels for the current quarter are almost the same as what we had in the previous 
quarter so there has been no further debt addition and the net debt at about Rs.4400 Crores 
is almost the same what we had reported in the last quarter, which means that there have 
been repayments and they have been fresh debt taken to fund Panipat and the Egyptian 
backward integration projects. I think that is what I had to say about our performance 
during this quarter and over to you for any questions that you may have, and we will be 
glad to answer them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Capital. 
Please go-ahead Sir. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of questions from mine. Firstly, I wanted to 
understand on the forex losses that we have booked during the quarter so apart from the 
exceptional item that we have shown are there any other forex losses? 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Actually, your voice is cracking. Can you just repeat your question please. 
Chirag Singhal: 
I am saying that apart from the forex losses that we have shown in the exceptional items are 
there any other forex losses that we have booked during the quarter? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, I said that during the quarter there are normal currency fluctuations of about Rs.18 
Crores which are taken at an EBITDA level itself. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay so Rs.382 Crores the exceptional item that you have shown and another Rs.18 Crores 
which might be part of the other expenses nothing apart from these two items? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
No. These are the two ones on the forex side. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay so except Nigeria and Egypt are there any other regions where there is a weaker 
currency, and we can see some sort of forex losses going forward? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think the Egyptian currency continues to weaken every quarter. The Mexican currency has 
appreciated in this quarter and while all others are sort of minor negative or positive so that 
is not so. Other than Nigeria the second biggest negative is the Egypt in this quarter as well 
but now because it is the market driven, it is not pursuant to any policy changes by the 
government which has impacted the parity of the exchange rates so those are being reported 
as a normal expense item and not as an exceptional item. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So on the net basis would it be possible to share that what is the net hedge that we have in 
Egypt as well as Nigeria because I think we have taken some local currency loan and then 
we would be having a mix of local procurement as well as imports and same on the sales 
side we will have the local sales as well as exports? So, on the net bases is it possible to 
quantify the net hedge position in both the regions? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
See the Egyptian, so it does not work that way when when you are talking of forex impact 
because of that devaluation so on the balance sheet date if you have dollar loans so they will 
all get converted into a much higher Egyptian Pound if the local currency has devalued or if 
you have the receivables so they will also get impacted by the currency devaluation and 
then during the period the operating expenses you convert from Egyptian currency or the 
other functional currency of that country into Indian Rupees at an average rates for the 
quarter because those are the transactions of the sales and purchase which you do constantly 
throughout the quarter so they are not impacted by the exchange rate as on the June 30 or 
March 31 at the end of the quarter or the year. They get constantly valued based on the 
average exchange rate during the quarterly or the yearly period, so it is very difficult to tell 
you as to on which day what is the total impact but the overall picture is that during the 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
quarter you still have suffered a negative impact in Egypt which is offset by a positive 
impact that you had in some of the other currencies including Mexico. So on an overall 
basis the normal currency fluctuations have resulted in about an Rs.18 Crores loss in this 
quarter as well while the Naira loss, Nigerian currency loss is an exceptional item because 
that is pursuant to a policy of the Government of Nigeria. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Understood got it, so my next question is on the Aseptic business. Firstly, what is a volume 
target for this year with a seven billion pack capacity are you expecting like 100% 
utilization based on the order book visibility for the current fiscal? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So the Q1 we have seen about 120%. Let us see. The January, February and March again 
will be high quarters because that is where the season sets in, but in between from August to 
December, it is normally a lean period for the business in India, but as we said that as we 
speak we have been able to achieve in a lean month about 50% to 60% being contributed by 
the exports so I think as we go forward the exports will hold the key to how this business 
volumes are compensated because India we will definitely see a decline from August till 
December and those volumes will have to be substituted from the exports which is looking 
achievable at this moment so on an overall basis against the capacity of 7 billion packs if 
we are able to do about 8 billion packs a year. Earlier if the season would have gone better 
from especially from April to July, I think we would have seen about 8.5 to 9 billion packs 
this year itself. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Post this debottlenecking you will able to do 12 billion packs right? You would be able to 
do 100% at the peak capacity utilization once you are done with the debottlenecking? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Sir any specific reason why this is taking long? The timeline that you have mentioned is by 
April 2024 so are we waiting for some balancing equipment or exactly what is the reason 
behind this long period for the debottlenecking? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So that is our delivery time taken by the equipment supplier for the delivery. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay Sir what will be the capex for this debottlenecking? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think this capex is in two parts. One is this machine the equipments itself that is number 
one which should be about Rs.50 Crores to Rs.60 Crores and then because the capacity is 
now from 7 to 12 we will have to build some more storage for the raw material as well as 
for the finished products so that will be another Rs.40 Crores to Rs.50 Crores. 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Chirag Singhal: 
So total Rs.100 Crores of capex which you will be spending this year for the 
debottlenecking? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Right and how much time are you expecting to ramp this to 12 billion packs? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we are targeting next fiscal. If we can do it from January that will be a huge bonus 
because that is where the season commences in India, but keeping a conservative number I 
think we we should look at something in April itself. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So you are saying in FY2025 we should be close to 100% of the capacity utilization this 
year I am saying? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
The target is, but let us see because as I said that when we expanded from 3.5 so currently 
we are operating at 8 and from 8 to 12 that is what our team is showing huge confidence in 
terms of achieving that number. We were fortunate that there was no lag when we expanded 
the capacity last time. So, April 2022 when we got this three and a half to seven billion 
packs we already had the enough order books to ensure that we achieved a very high 
capacity utilization in this plant and hopefully we will surprise the markets by saying so 
again. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay got it. So now Asepto is going to be a material contribution to your standalone 
business so I mean from an investor perspective it would be great if you can have separate 
segment so are you thinking something on those lines going forward from the reporting 
point of view? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Because it is all packaging so are you saying demerge or you are saying report separate 
numbers. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Reporting separate numbers for Asepto? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we give that indication each time on the call and otherwise that Asepto business we 
are looking at margin in high teens so we tell you that but beyond that at this moment we 
are not looking at having a Asepto seprate because it is not that the numbers are becoming 
higher so that is why you should report Asepto as a separate business. Asepto also uses a 
part of the same raw materials what the flexible use so it is all part of one packaging activity 
as such but on the call, we do share with you that the margin profile in the Asepto is much 
higher as compared to the flexible packaging and I think we will maintain that. As of now 
there is no plan to have a separate segment reporting for the Asepto business. 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay so coming to the next part on the spreads so for the current quarter how are you 
seeing the trend of the spreads? Is it better than the last quarter and if you can answer 
separately for BOPET and BOPP and also how many lines are you expecting in each for 
BOPET and BOPP for the current year as well as next year? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So this year we will have a couple of more lines for the best coming up by the end of this 
fiscal or I do not know looking at the market today if the competition wants to delay that 
but there are about two plants which are likely to hit and thereafter there is for the next three 
years we do not see anything coming up in the PET business because there is nothing in the 
pipeline. On the BOPP side there is nothing in this year. There is nothing in the next year, 
but a year later there may be a couple of plants which will come to operation. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Sir this is only for India and globally are you expecting any new lines for this year and next 
year? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Globally it has not been a mad game like the way it has been in India. The capacity buildup 
has been rational only, but unfortunately because the demand got impacted that is why we 
are seeing a much lower volumes there especially in Europe. I told you that even from 
America plant we still achieved 100% capacity utilization in this quarter also and a higher 
level of capacity utilization even from the Mexican facility, but Europe is what is struggling 
to push the volumes. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So basically the next two years in India you are expecting only two lines in BOPET and 
nothing in BOPP till FY2025? So, based on some channel checks and all what I found is 
that there are some new players for the first time who entered the packaging film business 
and they are suffering because of the spreads that are prevailing right now so have you seen 
any shutdowns or delays in the capacities that were supposed to come up let us say last year 
or maybe current year? Has there been any delays or let us say a permanent shutdown of 
those lines? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So there has been no permanent shutdown. Obviously people may not be operating their 
plants at the full efficiencies looking at the demand and supply situation but the delay of 
any new commissioning is clearly evident and that is inevitable as well so we may see six 
months kind of a delay from the people who are today in the process of commissioning their 
facilities so that is what but clearly if one particular facility can produce about let us say the 
new plant can produce about 45,000 to 48,000 tonnes a year so clearly we will see that 
those plants not being run fully. 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Chirag Singhal: 
Got it and on the Dharwad facility you mentioned that you are running at 77% utilization so 
any timeline how much it will take to ramp it up to 100% for Dharwad as well as for both 
the CPP lines that we have set up one in Dharwad and one in Dubai? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So, 77% capacity utilization in the Q1 is quite an achievement. I would say given the 
current market situation and given that it is a new market for us. Predominately we have 
been a North India market clear and here we are new to that Southern market. A 77% 
capacity utilization level seems quite decent. I think once the six month time and once the 
demand supply situation improves a bit because as I said that India is able to absorb one and 
a half to two plants each year given its increased consumption each year and so we have 
already seen a struggle of sluggishness of about six to seven months in this or maybe close 
to about a year now in this so another six months I think the levels should definitely 
improve or even if the volumes do not improve initially, the margins will improve for sure. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay so this trend for the spreads in the current quarter how is it looking like vis-à-vis the 
last quarter? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
This quarter should be better, but we have only seen about, we have only as of now the 
management account for the month of July only, but I think they will be better than what we 
had in the last quarter both India as well as globally. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay also in your press release I think you mentioned about revisiting the listing of the 
overseas business in US so any timelines on the same? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think that is all market dependence. If the markets would have supported us we had a huge 
momentum on that and our investment bankers were almost ready to file the prospectors 
and all that but then the markets stumbled so now it all depends on the markets as to the 
IPO markets in the US, how do they come back so we are keeping a close watch. We keep 
on interacting with our investment bankers and obviously that is on our agenda because that 
will hugely change the way the company is valued today because when we were talking to 
based on the guidance what we had from our investment banks, I think it was nowhere close 
to the current valuations of the UFlex that you see in India. It was much, much, much 
higher. I cannot share the numbers, but definitely those markets were pricing in a much 
different way. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Based on let us say the previous M&A activity and the similar peers who are listed in US 
what is the target EBITDA multiple that you would be seeing once this business gets lifted? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
When we were looking at the markets at that point in time so there were players who were, 
so the range was between 8 to 12. Now depending on the market how the buoyant is market 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
you would have found a middle ground for that so obviously which means that what are the 
levels here versus the valuations that you see over there, I think it is a different number, but 
having said that, that was the time when the earnings were also sort of very, very quite high. 
The earnings have also taken a dip especially in the international markets so when the 
pricing power comes back and the earnings come back with the higher capacities that we 
have set up internationally in the last three to four years, I think that will be the right time to 
again look at going to the markets again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets 
Private Limited. Please go ahead Sir. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Sir the margin you just said that for the Indian operation it is around 13.5% because of the 
problems outside it has come down to 9% overall, right? In normal times we used to have 
something like 17% to 19% margin so when do you see the company getting to that kind of 
margin level? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we are as keen to get back to those levels as you are. I think the first target should be 
first to go back to on a combined basis to anywhere between 12% to 13% range first, 
because as of now the India and overseas business put together this quarter has been about 
9.3%. I think if we first target 12% to 13% and then look at consolidating from there that 
will be the right approach so in about a year's time I think or in the Q4 of this year on a run 
rate basis if we can achieve that I think that will be good but for the overall year for it to 
become 12% to 13% you will need a much higher number in the later quarters to come to an 
annual level of about 12% to 13%, so in Q4 if we can do about 12% to 13% range I think 
that will set the tone for the FY2025 then. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay and this over capacity that this industry is witnessing when will that get over? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So India is the over capacity situation and as I said that India can take care of about two 
new plants each year without disturbing the market so I think India should correct itself in 
about six months time, but it will not go back to those dizzy heights what we have seen in 
2021. I think there will be more rational pricing this time and the capacity expansion would 
also be more rational because we in 2021-2022 we were at a level where the payback period 
for the setting of the new facilities had come down quite considerably and that led to 
increased capacity by the existing players as well as the new players got in there and that is 
what happens that when the business is high and the momentum is high. People look to 
replicate the success of a particular industry that is very normal because normally the 
capital is the last constraint that you have following a successful investment but I think we 
can easily look at in about six months time that India should look at a much higher margins 
as compared to what they are in Q1. 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay and rest of the world. I mean outside India market? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
World I think the first volumes have to come up. Europe continues to be dragged and US is 
doing far, far, far better and the pricing power should also as I said that by Q4 if we can 
look at about 12% to 13% EBITDA margin range that is what we also hope for. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And my last question you just pointed out about the listing of the US, is it the US subsidiary 
or something else for listing in US? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
We were looking to list our Dubai Holding company which actually holds the whole 
business. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Other than India business, right? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, other than India business. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay that you wanted to list. Thank you. I think my questions have been answered. The 
next person can take over. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Esha Prasad from VSJ Fincap. Please go-
ahead Sir. 
Esha Prasad: 
Good evening, Sir. My question is that as compared to the previous quarter we can see that 
at least that the topline has reduced? Is there a pricing pressure in terms due to some 
competition or is it the impact from outside India business or is it the India business, which 
has reduced it as compared to the previous quarter? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So there are two things here. One we have seen our overall sale volume going down by 
about 7.5% on a year-on-year basis as compared to June 2022. In June 2023 we have seen 
about a 7.5% dip in the sales volume, but the revenue dip is about 19% and the difference is 
best explained as that the raw material prices have also corrected so it is a combination of 
7.5% volume dip plus some margin dip and to a very large extent the raw material price 
which has led to the revenue being down by 19% on a year-on-year basis. 
Esha Prasad: 
Okay. Sir another question is that how much time will it take for the new capital 
expenditure which you are doing on your plants to increase the capacity? Will it be seen in 
the next two to three quarters or how long do you see it happening? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Which capex. There is no further capex. 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Esha Prasad: 
The Panipat plant or is it is producing currently? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So the Panipat plant to the extent we are going to consume that raw material within our own 
plant, is not going to be a topline accretive. It will be a margin accretive considering that 
your cost versus the market outsourcing that margin you will retain, but to the extent you 
are not selling in the markets. It will not be a revenue accretive for us because we are going 
to consume that material in-house in our plants, but we expect this plant to get started by 
end of this fiscal. 
Esha Prasad: 
Okay what challenges do you perceive in this packaging sector for the next two to three 
quarters which can impact the business? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
We have seen last couple of years that this dollar issue the consistent increase in the interest 
rates in US, Europe and all that is actually starving a lot of economies with the dollars and 
that is actually sort of has set in a sort of huge depreciation of their currency. We saw Egypt 
last year. We are now seeing Nigeria this year. Mexican currency last year also devalued 
good that it got better this quarter but this is the main thing that what we are seeing because 
the dollar availability in some of the developing economies remains to be a concern so it is 
becoming a challenge both from your procurement of the raw material prices because if you 
do not have the dollar availability that limits your sourcing of the commodities from the 
international markets also and that has been our main strength that given that we are a 
global player so we can source our raw material from any which country from where we 
think that it is more cost beneficial to us. So, I think Egypt and Nigeria both have been huge 
hits in terms of the currency depreciation and that is where last year also we had FY2023 
also the substantial losses both which affected the EBITDA level and then as an exceptional 
item because Egypt devalued its currency twice so Egypt has almost devalued by about 
100% in the last one year or so and now we have seen Naira depreciating by about 62%. I 
hope that the dollar interest rates going up gets settled soon because that will then I mean 
increase flow of the dollars to these economies which will sort of calm their currencies and 
that is what seems to be a big challenge as of now. 
Esha Prasad: 
Okay thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Capital. 
Please go-ahead Sir. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Thanks for the followup. Sir what is the capex for the current year and next year? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we need to now balance that needs to be spent on the plants in India is about may be 
Rs.150 odd Crores and in Egypt it should be close to about $60 million because that plant 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
was started much, much later so that plant is costing us about $71 million. So I think $60 
million is there which will be spread over this fiscal as well as part of the next fiscal but 
India capex would happen within this year and the bottlenecking of the Asepto business will 
also get completed in this. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay Sir Rs.150 Crores and Rs.100 Crores will be this year plus some portion of the Egypt 
expansion. So, you are talking about the PET chip facility right Egypt location? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes, PET chip facility. 
Chirag Singhal: 
I also wanted to ask you on the aseptic expansion plans because you mentioned that you are 
quite confident that the company should ramp up to 12 billion packs once we are done with 
the debottlenecking so when are we planning to expand next and what are the timelines for 
the next phase of growth for this? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
There is nothing on the anvil right now so I think that call will have to be taken depending 
on how fast the extended capacity to 12 billion packs is utilized. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay understood. That is it from mine. Just one more thing. I think the subsidiary financials 
are not uploaded yet on the website so you can please upload the FY2023 subsidiary annual 
reports? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Okay we will look at that. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thanks everybody for being on the call today and to the extent we have tried our best to 
answer all your questions, all your queries about the performance in this quarter and the 
guidance as to on the capex and the business outlook for this year and the next year. We 
hope to remain in touch with you and keep on updating you on what is happening in the 
industry, and I can only say that because we are diversified so that gives us leverage over 
the competition to still build momentum in the business and the packaging films business 
which is currently seeing a sluggishness both in India as well as export markets. In India the 
volumes are not not impacted but the demand-supply is clearly impacting the margins in the 
business and overseas it is impacted by the volume drop. So, the target is and all the sales 
people and the entire team is now working much harder in terms of regain their volumes in 
those markets and once the volumes are regained, I think the pricing power will also sort of 

 
 
 
      UFlex Limited 
August 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
come back. That is what we are hoping for. The whole team is working very hard including 
Mr. Anantshree Chaturvedi, Mr. Apoorvshree Chaturvedi who are handling the European, 
Middle East and the American territories respectively, so I think we assure that given our 
leadership position in the industry we shall be in a position to sort of set the things right in 
the packaging film business within this fiscal that is what we we are hoping for and we will 
continue to build momentum in our other businesses, which have shown tremendous 
resilience during the period the packaging film businesses was a bit sluggish. Thank you, 
gentlemen. Thank you everybody on the call and we hope to remain in touch. We will 
surely be. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Dolat 
Capital that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
