Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016 
Communication Office |3rd Floor, Tower-B, Awfis Unitech Cyber Park, Sector – 39, Gurugram-122002, Haryana  
(P) 0124-4598749 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q1/2023-24 
 
 
 
 
 
                    August 14, 2023 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the first quarter ended June 30, 2023 
conducted on August 7, 2023 at 10:00 A.M. IST 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
August 7, 2023 at 10:00 A.M. IST to discuss the results and developments for the first quarter ended 
June 30, 2023. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
AIL/EC/2023-24/Q1 dated August 7, 2023. 
  
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PARMITA 
CHOUDHURY
Digitally signed by 
PARMITA CHOUDHURY 
Date: 2023.08.14 
21:18:43 +05'30'

 
This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
 
August 07, 2023 at 10:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Anmol Garg – DAM Capital Advisors Limited 
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Affle (India) Limited Q1 FY2024 
earnings conference call hosted by DAM Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Anmol Garg: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, we welcome you all 
to Q1 FY2024 conference call of Affle (India) Limited. I will take this opportunity to 
welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited represented by Mr. Anuj Khanna 
Sohum who is the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the company and 
Mr. Kapil Bhutani who is the Chief Financial & Operations Officer of the company.  
Before we begin the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today’s conference call may be forward looking in nature and 
involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide 24 of the company’s Q1 
earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer.  
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you Anuj! 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of you are 
keeping in good health.  
On Affle’s 4th IPO anniversary milestone, we would like to thank our 3,64,000+ 
shareholders for their continued trust and consistent support that inspires our 
commitment to deliver sustainable cash flow positive long-term growth with high 
standards of transparency and corporate governance. In Q1 FY2024, we attained our 
highest quarterly revenue run rate, highest consumer conversions and the highest 
CPCU rate. This performance is a result of the differentiated Affle2.0 strategy and 
the disciplined execution by our teams to enhance our consumer-centric platform 
offerings, further verticalize our capabilities towards high-growth emerging market 
verticals and to leverage acquisitive synergies for margin expansion progressively. 
I am pleased that despite the challenging macro environment and our ongoing 
turnaround efforts in developed markets, we delivered revenue growth of 17% y-o-y 
and PAT growth of 21.4% y-o-y. On a CAGR basis over the last 3-year period, our 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
3 
 
growth is much ahead of the overall industry growth trends. Our CPCU business 
delivered 68.7 million conversions during the quarter, at a CPCU rate of Rs. 55 that 
helped us achieve CPCU Revenue of Rs. 3,778 million, an increase of 17.1% y-o-y. Our 
CPCU business continues to be resilient and underlines the long-term sustainable 
business momentum. 
We fortified our Affle2.0 Consumer Platform Stack, advanced our value proposition 
in reimagining customers’ business impact points and expanded our tech use cases to 
deliver growth across our top industry verticals in E, F, G and H Categories. This has 
strengthened our moat, enhanced mutual trust with our customers & partners and 
our direct customers contribution stood at 78% of our revenue in Q1 FY2024.  
We have always been strongly anchored in India and Global Emerging Markets 
organically and we continued to witness broad-based growth in advertiser spends 
driven by our unique ROI-linked CPCU business model. Our organic growth in India 
and Global emerging market verticals combined was over 20% y-o-y. The market 
tailwinds continue to be intact, anchored on the accelerated consumer adoption of 
digital and the enhanced organizational shift towards digitally enabled processes. The 
recently approved Cabinet budget towards inclusive penetration of the internet 
across 6,40,000 villages would fuel further consumer adoption of connected devices 
in India.  
Speaking of Developed Markets where macro headwinds had impacted our business 
over the last few quarters - we experienced expected de-growth in the months of 
April and May. We bottomed out in June based on the ongoing implementation of our 
decisive turnaround action plans as discussed in detail during the last earnings call. 
We successfully executed a series of tough steps mid-Q1 onwards that resulted in 
improved run-rate in the month of June itself. I am happy to confirm that we have 
rebuilt our foundation for Developed Markets with the integrated Consumer Platform 
approach with focus on key verticals, highest number of active customers till date 
and the highest number of full-time team members anchored in US. This instills 
confidence in our teams to go out, compete and win convincingly in US from here 
onwards.  
Together with YouAppi now, we are stronger than ever before in developed markets 
with strong inroads with existing customers in the gaming vertical where we will 
upsell and cross sell our integrated platform. With this robust foundation rebuilt, we 
are confident of capitalizing on the improved macro market outlook through the 
competitive edge of our CPCU business model, deeply verticalized platform offerings 
and revived inspiration of our teams. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
4 
 
We also continued to fortify the premium use cases on our Affle2.0 Consumer 
Platform Stack with unique ad placements across O&O OEM app stores. During the 
quarter, we launched our full-funnel Proposition on iOS Appstore Apple Search Ads, 
enabling advertisers to drive premium conversions of iOS users effectively and that 
makes us early forerunners on advanced use cases on the Apple ecosystem including 
SKAN. With a key focus on upselling and cross-selling all our platform offerings, we 
have also rolled out CPCU model on Connected TV (CTV) with our household ID sync 
capabilities in India, global emerging markets and in US as of last Quarter. This will 
empower the advertisers to reach users across screens effectively and derive greater 
ROI with cross-device targeting capabilities of our platforms. 
To reiterate our strength of delivering unique consumer experiences, we had, in total, 
shared 24 case studies in our earnings presentations over the last 8 quarters, that 
covered many of our key industry verticals. Continuing to share our success stories, 
this time, we have also included 3 case studies, which are focused on tech-enabled 
recruitment platform, FMCG and high-end gaming. 
Affle continues to be recognized as an industry thought leader. Our mediasmart 
platform was recently awarded “Momentum Leader & High Performer” as Demand 
Side Platform in the G2 Spring 2023 report. We won gold for various campaigns in the 
CTV category at the coveted DATAMATIXX Awards 2023. We have also won 5 awards 
across various categories at Digixx 2023. 
We are excited about growth opportunities that await ahead of us. As an AI algorithm 
powered consumer platform, we are further leveraging our core R&D capabilities and 
existing patent portfolio to build new IP, new patents and innovative use cases for 
responsible integration of Generative AI large language models as well. Our goal is to 
apply our new IP to generate better outcomes for consumer privacy protection, new 
data simulations based on past learnings, enhanced decisions for vernacular creatives 
and campaigns, self-learning algorithms to detect digital identities and advanced 
fraud prevention in digital advertising.  
With a clear vision, committed leadership and ongoing investments in tech, we are 
geared up to unlock new opportunities for growth and success.  
With that I now hand over the discussion to our CFO - Kapil Bhutani, to discuss the 
financials. Thank you and over to you Kapil! 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Wishing everyone a good day and hope all of you are keeping safe 
and well. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
5 
 
We have commenced FY2024 on a positive note to close Q1 FY2024 at a revenue of 
Rs. 4,066 million, a growth of 17.0% y-o-y. It was a broad-based growth across our 
industry verticals and across India & International Markets. During the quarter, India 
contributed 30.7% while the International markets contributed 69.3% to our revenue. 
Sequentially, Q1 revenue increased by 14.3% q-o-q, contributed by organic growth 
and on account of two months of consolidation of the acquired business. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 781 million, an increase of 13.7% y-o-y, and 
EBITDA margin stood at 19.2%, despite the acquisitive consolidation. In terms of Opex, 
our Inventory and Data Cost stood at 61.1% of revenue from operations in this quarter. 
This was almost in line with the previous quarter while it witnessed significant margin 
improvement from Q1 last year. 
Our Employee cost increased by 13.9% q-o-q on account of annual release of appraisals 
in few geographies and business consolidation of YouAppi, as well as our strategic 
efforts to expand our teams across platforms and markets. However, this increase in 
Employee cost was partially offset by the cost optimization in international markets 
on account of reorganized team structures in the developed markets. 
Our Profit After Tax (PAT) for the quarter was at Rs. 662 million, an increase of 21.4% 
y-o-y. Our effective tax rate was lower this quarter primarily on account of lower 
contribution of profitability from select entities in developed markets and due to 
utilization of pre-acquisition losses of Youappi. 
We remain focused on working capital management, have been extremely prudent in 
customers profile and as such there were no material changes in the collection risk.  
We aim to play a much bigger role in the continuously evolving Martech ecosystem, 
with short-term macro challenges fully embraced and remain confident of the long-
term business prospects to invest further in our business and tech IP. 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mr. Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. You can go ahead with 
your question, Sir! 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to understand how much the contribution from 
YouAppi would be this quarter on an absolute basis and from that standpoint, how 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
6 
 
much would be the organic growth in the company? If you can share the margin profile 
of YouAppi? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
The contribution from YouAppi should be looked as consolidation of our developed 
market businesses. It was just a little over Rs. 450 million on the topline and YouAppi 
had a standalone EBITDA margin about 11%. This is an exercise to consolidate our 
overall developed market businesses along with the Jampp business. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I would like to add to that. The way to look at our results for this quarter and going 
forward is that the organic growth is deeply & consistently anchored on India and 
global emerging markets where we are growing consistently over 20% y-o-y.  
In terms of developed markets, because of our ongoing turnaround efforts as also 
discussed in our last earning call and decisive steps taken, we have now rebuilt a 
stronger foundation for developed markets than ever before. Together, with YouAppi 
and the turnaround efforts we have taken, today our revenue in developed markets 
has improved, especially in US on which almost 80% of our developed markets business 
is anchored. Our number of customers, revenue as well as the number of whole-time 
team members on the ground in developed markets and the inspiration of the team 
members being revived over the last few months under my direct leadership together 
with Anuj Kumar to lift it up has reached the level where we can safely say that our 
new cemented foundation for developed markets is larger than ever before. This 
provides a solid base on which we can now build upon confidently and convincingly 
versus where we were before for last few quarters where both macroeconomic factors 
as well as the internal issues were pulling us down and shaking the foundation there.  
Another positive is that the macro factors in developed markets seem to be easing 
out. On both fronts internal issues as well as macro factors, we seem to be now in 
the more cemented position to build upon. 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the detailed answer and congratulations on good steps taken on the 
international markets recovery. Just from that standpoint, any kind of guidance that 
you want to give of a medium term for this geography? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: This year most of the our acquired businesses whether it is mediasmart, Appnext or 
even Jampp, will complete three years in Affle since their acquisition and this is the 
year where we are consolidating and leveraging the acquisitive synergies. With 
YouAppi included within this year, we are making everything much more deeply 
synergized for margin expansion because one of the things that all our investors were 
consistently telling us that when you acquire, it averages the margins down. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
7 
 
Organically, we are seeing margin expansion but because of the acquired entities 
being at a lower margin relatively, it was pulling us down. This quarter also you can 
see the our focus is on the margin expansion. Even with the consolidation of YouAppi, 
we are delivering over 19% EBITDA margin and on PAT level we delivered over 21% 
growth on a y-o-y basis. It is a very strong indicator of how Affle is operating and how 
we are going for quality customers, premium propositions in the market and 
consolidating our group this year so that there is no margin pull down or baggage of 
the acquisitions. On the other hand, we are also seeing acquisitive synergies like 
upselling, cross-selling and integration of the teams. For developed markets and 
especially in the US market where we are seeing very clear execution impact of this 
strategy.  
From a bottom-line perspective, it would be safe to see around 20% plus growth on a 
y-o-y basis as a sustainable and defensible growth for us, given that this year our 
focus is going to be on margin expansion of the acquired businesses. 
Anmol Garg: 
One last question from my end. Can we expect that even with YouAppi full integration 
that will come in the next quarter, can we still expect that the margins will expand 
on a consolidated basis from here on? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: The way I am looking at it is definitely progressively. I would not say this quarter or 
next specifically, but the goal for this year is to make sure that the entire group is 
synergized for premium propositions, higher CPCU rate, better overall bottom-line 
margin expansion and giving sensible growth on y-o-y basis. At least from a bottom-
line perspective, we are making sure of delivering above 20% PAT growth on a y-o-y 
basis.  
Can I say a specific number for this current quarter or the immediate next quarter? I 
will not get into that. You know our execution focus is strong and typically we deliver 
or exceed the expectations barring last few quarters because of challenges in 
developed markets and we could not address promptly. However, now we have 
arrested the situation and rebuild the foundation. There is a positive outlook and a 
positive spirit with which we are now going ahead. I am glad with the way we have 
executed in the last quarter, given all the challenges that were on hand. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Raghav Behani from Citi. Please go ahead with 
your question. 
Raghav Behani: 
My question is on the CPCU rates. I see a bump up on a q-o-q basis. Is it because of 
the revenue contribution from developed markets going up? But as per your opening 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
8 
 
remarks, DMs had actually seen some kind of a degrowth in April and May. Any 
comments on the CPCUs going up and what is your sense if these levels can sustain in 
the coming quarters? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes, there are 2-3 factors that contributing to improvement in CPCU. One of the 
factors is, of course, developed markets where the CPCU rate is always higher there. 
It is also because we are taking more premium services into the market as I mentioned 
in the last earnings call as well.  Aligned with our strategy, we are looking at iOS users 
in India and global emerging market verticals. In developed markets as well, we are 
looking at premium positions and placements where the advertisers are seeing that 
Affle is bringing to them premium use cases to drive premium conversions and that 
necessarily means that the CPCU rates should move up. The CPCU of around Rs.55 is 
sustainable and we should see CPCU somewhere in the range of Rs.55 to Rs.58 for the 
rest of this financial year. Our goal would be to move it upwards from here towards 
Rs. 58. 
Raghav Behani: 
Just one more question from my side is on the appraisal cycle. This time it was 1Q so 
usually is at 1Q every year? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Some business units are appraised in April, while some are appraised in October. We 
typically balance it out between these two cycles.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sanjay Ladha from Bastion Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Thanks for the opportunity. It is great to see that our CPCU model is accepted by all 
the companies across segments. Previously, when we used to see the case studies 
which were more from startup community. Now, it is mix of startups and well-
established 20+ year companies adopting this channel of advertisement. What has 
changed in the last 3-4 years in terms of our approach and companies focusing on this 
model? Another question would be, most of the time what we see is, it is a one-time 
revenue vehicle. Is it possible that we get recurring revenue from players and do you 
share what percentage of revenue is recurring in nature and how is the trend going 
forward? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you so much for that question. When you look at our business definition and 
how we identify our company, we clearly take great emphasis on the fact that we are 
a Consumer-Centric Consumer Platform company. Yes, we make money from 
advertising, but more specifically we make money from advertising where our almost 
93% of the business is anchored on CPCU business model. It means, the consumers are 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
9 
 
accepting, engaging and reacting to those recommendations & ads and doing deeper 
funnel premium conversions with the advertisers.  
Affle delivered 68.7 million conversions in Q1 FY2024 and the way our AI algorithms 
work is that they look for the highest probability of conversions within any particular 
instance of recommending an ads or a product to the end users. In doing so, we can 
give one particular recommendation to a user at any given moment out of 1000 
advertiser campaigns running with us. What that does is - it creates comparative 
bidding between the advertisers.  If they really want their campaigns to scale up or 
to really be promoted to those consumers, they need to have strong product 
propositions for the consumers at the same time they need to bid a high enough CPCU 
bid rates for our algorithms to prioritize them. Therefore, the way we create a 
premium for our platform is to create competition between the advertisers to bid for 
it.  
While most of the advertisers are on a recurring basis working with us for several 
years but we do not guarantee to the advertisers that we will definitely deliver your 
conversion. What we tell them is, please come on our platform & bid and our AI 
algorithms will provide consumer recommendations as per bids. As long as the 
consumer is engaging and converting, you will be invoiced and you will see a 
conversion benefit and ROI from there. It is not a typical scenario where we are trying 
to get lock-in budgets of the advertisers. We are giving them good guidance and 
competitive pressure to bid higher on our platform so we can give them better 
volumes of conversions and that is how the platform works.  
We typically balance across our verticals and avoid concentration of any one customer 
or any one vertical or market. We aim to keep a broad-based growth and provide a 
variety of recommendations to the consumers so we can balance out the repeat 
conversions and new conversions. I hope that makes some sense but essentially 
advertising is how we earn our money but the core business model being CPCU is very 
consumer centered which is a core differentiation and a moat for our company. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Just to add to Anuj. We have seen the adoption of online payments using UPI or RuPay 
cards, which comes with lower transaction cost. This shift to digital payments has 
facilitated our expansion into various verticals. The availability of various payment 
gateways for different verticals is supporting growth of these verticals and enabling 
our deeper penetration with clients across the verticals. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
I have one more question. Since last 2-3 quarters we have seen that our growth has 
little slow down as compared to our previous quarters and still we say that we are 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
10 
 
growing faster than the industry. Does it mean that industry growth of 30% plus has 
been also slow or how should we look at it? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: In the industry there are several categories of customers. If we just go by the metric 
of revenue growth, there are many categories of customers. What we do is selectively 
pick those quality of customers who will continue to sustain, grow and be together 
with us for many years to come where payments and credit risk is reasonably 
predictable and controllable. Because, when we do this business, we want to make 
sure that that we are giving sustainable quality revenue growth, premium conversions 
with premium customers and so on.  
This is not about just getting all kinds of revenue and growing. If we were focused on 
that, we may not be seeing as stronger bottom-line strength that we have today. 
When you look at it from a cash flow lens, Affle has delivered superior quality of 
revenue. Affle is selective about which customers to choose and work with. You 
identified that in your question as well that instead of just taking money of start-ups 
who have recently been funded. It is more about waiting for them to mature a little 
more till we can absolutely scale them up. I think those factors are contributing to 
it.  
In terms of looking at around 20% plus revenue growth in India and emerging market 
verticals globally, that is a sustainable and a sensible performance and at least in 
those markets we are also doing north of 20% plus EBITDA. As far as developed markets 
are concerned, we saw a pullback and because of that effect you see that the overall 
growth might be looking a little bit more subdued. However, the long-term tailwinds 
and long-term moat of our company is intact. Our confidence and outlook remains 
positive for the long term. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Hi Anuj. I wanted to get an update on the OEM partnership that we were wanting to 
sign. Has the contract being signed and when do we and how much should be the 
benefit from this? When should it start to kick in? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: We have been cautious about setting a precedence of announcing every contract that 
we signed. Having said that, we have made clear commentary about the fact that we 
are strategically focusing on O&O OEM app stores. We have highlighted about the fact 
that we rolled out the product for iOS App Store and Apple search ads. We have 
remained a bit more guarded about the other OEM contracts where we are enabling 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
11 
 
monetization for several years on the app stores already for them. It is a continuing 
relationship, but what we are emphasizing is that we are going deeper strategically 
with them. Some of the contracts in this regard have already been signed and they 
are currently in the integration mode. We will announce it at appropriate time when 
partners are ready. At the same time, the business is already on and it is seeing 
incremental premiumness and benefiting us as we continue to grow. Please give us 
few months before we can make specific announcements but it is all in good stead 
and we are in a solid position. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Thanks Anuj that is good to hear. The second question is in terms of India market. 
We have seen some softness in terms of India from a sequential perspective. We are 
kind of flattish for the last three quarters and you have already talked about that this 
will be a slightly back ended year wherein the holiday season is pushed out. How do 
we see the remaining say 6-7 months of this year from an India perspective and 
especially in light of the cricket world cup as well. What are you hearing from the 
CMOs? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: The broad long-term trends for India as well as global emerging verticals are really 
encouraging and the outlook is favorable and positive. I elucidated that in my 
commentary earlier as well but if you are looking at specifically within this year, 
there are few macro factors. For example, there is additional tax on real money 
gaming and certain other factors. We are still calibrating what will be the impact. 
But on positive side, a lot of the other verticals are really rising & shining and there 
is no hang up or any pull down effect. We have cricket world cup ahead and the 
festive season in October, November and December. There are a lot of positive 
tailwinds but let us be conservative and continue to see that we will defend our 
organic growth trends in India and global emerging markets and across all our 
verticals. There is no reason to not uphold that and to continue to do better pricing 
on CPCU, more premium proposition even in India and global emerging verticals. I am 
confident about our execution and strategies, and the clarity with which we are 
pursuing them is strong and defensible. Can I give you any immediate guidance on 
numbers? I think we will wait for the results to come. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
We have earlier talked about 20% - 25% growth for this year. Now in the context of 
the current numbers and uncertainty how are we looking at that? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: If you allow me some flexibility, I still want to maintain the math of those numbers 
but more so on PAT level growth. We are confident of delivering sensible bottom-line 
margin expansion based growth this year. It gives us a room to consolidate, derive 
acquisitive synergies for the next three quarters and deliver overall organic plus 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
12 
 
inorganic healthy growth and robust platform to build upon going forward. We are 
aiming for bottom-line growth of over 20% which we have delivered in this quarter 
also. Of course, there was some tax efficiency involved but that is where we want to 
be measured. If you are modeling our company then you can absolutely note that we 
are aiming to deliver the bottom-line growth of above 20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Enam AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Congratulations on consolidating & integrating YouAppi to the organization. My first 
question is to Kapil about YouAppi. Apologies but I missed the earlier commentary on 
it. What was the contribution YouAppi had to our EBITDA this quarter. Could  you give 
us some clarity on that? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As I previously mentioned, the contribution of YouAppi to our topline was just above 
11% and YouAppi is sitting at its own EBITDA margin of close to 11%. 
Mayank Babla: 
So, for modelling sake, what can we assume on YouAppi for rest of FY2024? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
We are looking at these synergies to drive in and we commented already in the 
previous call that we will be taking YouAppi margins to the mid-teens kind of levels, 
by the year end. That means by June-2024, that is after 12 months of its integration. 
Mayank Babla: 
My second question is to Anuj about the Connected TV (CTV) space. You mentioned 
that it is being rolled out during the quarter. What sort of response have you seen 
from clients in this space and what was the contribution to the revenue for this 
quarter? Also, what can be the potential & outlook for the CTV space over the next 
two years? Thank you. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. When we emphasize that our business is a Consumer 
Platform business, essentially the core tenet of that is wherever the consumer is, 
Affle platforms should be able to engage with the consumer over there. Now this 
necessarily means that mobile and smart phone devices becomes the anchoring point 
of contact with the consumer but then very quickly from there we are seeing that 
within a household, within a family there is a CTV at home. There are multiple smart 
devices at home and then there is a very interesting technology capability that we 
have which we call household ID based household sync technology.  
When we drive a consumer conversion, which could have happened when we showed 
an ad recommendation to the consumer on the mobile device as well as when showed 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
13 
 
an ad recommendation to the consumers family or household ID on other connected 
devices including the CTV. While there is one conversion that has happened with the 
consumer, the consumer may have been engaged on multiple touch points within that 
household ID.  
Therefore, when we talk about revenue attribution, it's essential to understand that 
we are an integrated platform. The ads and ad formats are varied, the touch points 
of those ads on various consumer connected devices are also varied.  Therefore, when 
we derive efficiencies of cross device campaigns, connected mobile devices, CTV and 
so on, we are able to get highest ROI and efficiency as well as much deeper insights 
than many of the competitors.  
What we have done is, we have taken our differentiated business model of CPCU and 
launched that on CTV as well. If an advertiser is spending budget with us on CTV, we 
are no longer charging them for just showing their ads. We are saying that we will 
charge you if we derive deeper funnel conversions on CPCU-based model and that is 
creating a differentiation of how we are going to market with CTV. This is especially 
noticeable in India and other global emerging markets and now in US as well where 
our CTV launch is being received well. We have seen our platform being ranked well 
in industry forums where we are seen as a thought leader winning the gold award in 
various campaigns on CTV category that I mentioned about the DATAMATIXX award in 
2023.  
All of these are indicators underlines that qualitatively we are on the right track. The 
customers are receiving it well and the industry is taking note of it. We have a 
differentiated go-to market strategy as well as the product proposition with the 
household ID and sync capabilities being brought to market. We are positive about 
the direction that we are taking. In terms of quantifying or taking out the segmental 
contribution to our revenue, it is still part of the CPCU business. We are not slicing 
and dicing percentage of ads that are on CTV versus on mobile. Mobile is by far the 
dominant force and the CTV is an emerging touch point for consumers. I think this 
touch point will be a lifestyle shift, which will happen across most of the affluent 
households across the world. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
 I have couple of questions. My first question is on the international markets revenue 
growth. If I were to slice out your YouAppi acquisition and then consider that the 
currency has depreciated, the INR has depreciated versus USD. Can you give us a 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
14 
 
sense of what would be the constant currency growth that you have achieved ex-of 
YouAppi in international markets? My second question is with respect to the impact 
of IPL and the cricket world cup which is going to come in the next few months. How 
does that generally affect the advertising budgets and do we get a certain boost 
because of these events?  
Kapil Bhutani: 
On the currency front, I will take that question. For over nine months the currency 
has been quite stable. The currency has been constant and  last quarter also, INR was 
about Rs.82 per dollar and we deal across multiple currencies. That question of slicing 
YouAppi in the light of the currency needs to be re-checked out by you. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: On the first question, I also wanted to give you some insights. When we look at India 
as one and international markets another, this is at a broad basis the way we have 
always reported since we went public or even during our roadshows before the IPO. 
Within international, there is further bifurcation into emerging markets and 
developed markets. Developed markets is majorly anchored on the US, while 
emerging markets is anchored on Southeast Asian emerging markets, Middle East, 
Africa, LATAM and several other countries. The emerging markets are behaving in a 
similar organic growth trends as India is and we have seen similar dynamics in those 
markets. Whether the advertisers are showing stronger affinity to the CPCU business 
model or the kind of innovations that you bring into the market and so on. We are 
also seeing similar competitive forces within emerging market and anchored out of 
India becomes a competitive advantage for us. Affle is one of the very few companies 
in this space that is deeply anchored on global emerging markets. When you see from 
that lens, you will find that a big part, organically over 80% plus of our businesses 
comes from India and global emerging markets. In these regions, the organic growth 
is very resilient, whether you take currency adjustment or any other angle you look 
at it. Whether it is CPCU conversion, revenue or customers growth, broad based 
organic growth is robust across 80%+ of our business.  
In developed markets, we have already given clear commentary for last several 
quarters now and mentioned that we were facing macro headwinds, internal issues 
and how are we coping with that and changing it in order to rebuild our foundations 
to a bigger base than ever before. We provided details of our actions we have already 
taken and given an update on that as well in this commentary. We should be assessed 
based on that. I am confident that even in developed markets the base that we have 
now is defensible, solid and robust on which we can then build up sensibly with all 
the product and platform initiatives, strategies and the team focus. We are in a good 
shape today and also the macro factors have eased out a bit, so we are more 
optimistic that we can take this head on.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
15 
 
In terms of the second part of your question on IPL and cricket world cup. There will 
always be certain events or festivals, which will create some boost effect but 
advertisers typically plan a budget for the whole year and then they typically optimize 
that budget between different quarters and different markets based on such events. 
For example, if there is an IPL happening, some advertiser would double down at that 
point, while some advertiser might hold back and say there is already too much noise, 
too many advertisers and they may work around it strategically. We are seeing that 
for the world cup too. We should see some positive impact from certain categories of 
advertisers. That will at least help to hopefully neutralize impact of certain other 
things sch as introduction of certain taxation in real money gaming or any other 
factors.  
We are looking at it in a balanced way, whether it is IPL, cricket world cup or festive 
season these are a definitely positive factors. This is not a one-off event. There are 
other such events which are constantly happening in each year. Overall, budget of 
the advertiser for the year is now being optimized and but there is no dramatic shift 
in the overall annual budget that the advertisers put on the paper. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have three questions. Firstly, the run rate which you 
mentioned for YouAppi for the quarter suggests that this is like a flat year for them 
on a y-o-y basis. Any clarity or input on this front will be helpful. Secondly, the 
exposure and potential impact from new GST taxation norm that has been announced 
in India for RMG companies. Lastly, any expected trend in Q2 for domestic business 
this year given that the festivals are a bit delayed. Do we expect a softer Q2 
sequential trend versus past years? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: With respect to any acquisition that we have done in the past, typically in most 
scenarios our focus within the year 1 of the acquisition is to try to improve the profits 
and the margin expansion of those businesses. As you can imagine in any company 
which is pushing for topline growth, some of that topline is coming from segments 
which are not profitable. They are just pushing for topline growth and want to 
increase the sales. It is ok for them if the margin is not there. To bring that discipline, 
in any acquisition, in year 1 we are focused on rationalizing the process, where we 
only work on unit economic basis. Every campaign, project and activity in every 
region must have a discipline of bottom-line sensible sustainable growth. There is 
some recalibration that typically happens and therefore our focus for this year is to 
bring the entire group in a consolidated way with acquisitive synergies extracted for 
progressive margin expansion. It should not be seen as flattish performance.  

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
16 
 
There are lot of growth opportunities in gaming but it is important to pursue the 
growth which is sensible & profitable and then scale up further. Without unit 
economics and margin, we would see a situation that you are getting the growth but 
not seeing the margin expansion. We need a few quarters to make sure that the 
integration and synergies are consolidated for margin expansion before we press the 
pedal for acceleration on that new base of unit economics. That is how I would like 
to answer your question on YouAppi and its a consistent pattern across our 
acquisitions. 
With respect to Q2 and Q3, delayed festive season is one aspect. It is normal for the 
advertisers to set their budget for the whole year around certain sort of events and 
it might be balanced by certain other events. Whether it is a cricket world cup, festive 
period or the impact of GST, there will be both positive and negative effects. Overall, 
we remain optimistic and positive on the long-term trends. Even for the immediate 
Q2 and Q3, it is fair to expect flattish with an upward trend. How much of these 
effects pan out with respect to the cricket world cup, the festive period and the GST, 
not everything can be fully quantified. But what we are hearing from the market, it 
gives us a confidence that we are on a positive trajectory. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Just to add, with regards to GST impact on the RMG sector, we are in touch with our 
clients over this period to see how they are going to react. We have not seen any 
immediate reaction but let us be patient to fully understand the impact of GST which 
is going to be effective from October 1, 2023. 
Rahul Jain  
So, July is so far trending in a usual behavior? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
No, initially there was about 15-20 days of kneejerk reaction but it has got stabilized 
now. 
Rahul Jain: 
Anuj just a want a small clarification. I appreciate your color on YouAppi. The process 
which you explained has really helped us to understand all the past transactions that 
you have done. But from this quarter point of view, are those recalibrations that you 
mentioned – a big part of that would already be behind us or you think it is too early 
and you would review each and every aspect over a period of time? So, could some 
run rate volatility still exist for some time and then we would see the real potential 
to play out?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes absolutely. We are not in a rush to impress. What is important is we are building 
for long-term, sustainable, profitable and positive cash flow growth. It requires a 
different kind of a mindset to run and that mindset to be transferred to the next in 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
17 
 
line of leadership. This is why it is important that I am stepping forward and being 
the CEO of Jampp, being the CEO of Appnext and even the CEO of YouAppi. As the 
CEO of Affle, I am driving and leading from the front to ensure that we embrace, 
consolidate and derive the acquisitive synergies as we grow.  
Together with the management team of Affle and the next in line leaders of these 
acquired entities, who are mature and professional, we are on a good stead. I am 
positive about our direction. There is no urgency. Let us press the pedal and extract 
every element of growth even though it may not have the unit economic sensibility. 
We have been very disciplined about it because once you allow some room and leave 
it, then it becomes a bad habit. We do not want to entertain any campaigns or any 
budgets which are not following the unit economic model that we insist upon. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawala from Envision Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
Thank you for the opportunity. With respect to the growth guidance earlier you 
mention that we are expecting CPCU of Rs.55 to sustain and CPCU for the year is 
expected to be in a range of Rs. 55 to Rs. 58. Even the number of users that we are 
adding are healthy, then why the hesitation in giving an outlook for the year? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: No there is no hesitation. It is just about being prudent. What we are guiding for and 
being transparent is about what we are doing inside the company. What products are 
we rolling out, what is the focus of the management, who is managing, which markets 
and so on. We are giving as much transparency as much as anybody could give 
including on things that are working well as well as on things that have challenges 
that we are working and hustling to turnaround. There is absolutely no hesitation in 
our transparency.  
When I talk about going for premium use cases and propositions into the market and 
in the context of that it is a clear trend that the CPCU rate is moving upwards because 
of two factors, developed markets contribution as well as the premium use cases in 
emerging market verticals. It is not something that I am giving guidance on. It is 
something that one can see the trend line that is going to be in a range of Rs. 55 to 
Rs.58. It is not some guidance but the fact that is reasonably evident today itself and 
what I am saying is that it is defensible and sustainable.  
The same thing I am saying about our profits. We have grown our profits in this quarter 
y-o-y over 20%. Some people would say there were some tax advantage, so is it going 
to be sustainable? My answer is yes, it is sustainable. Why it is sustainable?  Because 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
18 
 
there are several areas of growth that we are expecting to drive robust profitability 
as well as we will continue to see certain tax advantages for the rest of this year. 
Therefore, we have also given guidance on the bottom-line aspect.  
In terms of topline, I have given clarity that our focus is on making sure that we take 
out the acquisitive synergies as a group and do margin expansion progressively. 
Therefore, I am not pressing the accelerator of any areas where the margin is not so 
high and just let us get the incrementally high revenue. What we want is disciplined 
execution from our team where they know there is no leeway. Where do you draw 
the line? We are talking about 650 people organization operating across so many 
geographies. We need to have certain rules for internal discipled execution and that 
means that we are giving a strong message to our sales teams and execution teams, 
on what is allowed and what is not allowed.  
With full transparency, there is absolutely no hesitation whatsoever. We have given 
long term guidance and we will stick by that. Overall, the long-term organic growth 
in India and emerging growth verticals is absolutely intact. In developed markets, we 
have rebuilt the foundation by doing certain tough decisions organically as well as 
cementing that position inorganically by adding YouAppi. This gives us critical mass 
of customers, employees in those markets so that we can build upon that. 
Alisha Mahawala: 
That is helpful. Just one last clarification that the 17% y-o-y growth that we have 
achieved, how much will be organic growth? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I think the answer to that again is in my commentary. At least as far as the organic 
business, which is over 80% in India and global emerging verticals, has delivered over 
20% organic growth for us. In developed markets, we had a de-growth in April and 
May, but in June we were able to recover the trend. We obviously had y-o-y de-growth 
in developed markets versus where we were before, but we have cemented that 
position with the inorganic growth. What we have now achieved is the baseline run 
rate in developed markets that is higher than ever for us and therefore it is a new 
baseline to achieve.   
The growth is in India and emerging market vertical, the de-growth is in the 
developed markets and we have solved it by taking turnaround steps as well as the 
inorganic cementing of our position there. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. 
Please go ahead. 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
19 
 
Onkar Ghugardare: My question was regarding a clarification which you mentioned earlier. In April and 
May, there was de-growth in developed markets and June was a turnaround for you. 
How has been trend for July and has the turnaround still there? How is the trend now? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes, we have already clearly stated that we have bottomed out in developed markets. 
We are on the way back up and are consolidating our position to make sure that we 
also do progressive margin expansion. Our position is strong. The way I would want 
you to visualize it is that the foundation in developed markets, which was shaky for 
last three quarters or more, has now been cemented with the decisive actions taken 
both organically as well as cemented with the YouAppi acquisition and putting it 
together as an integrated platform having highest number of customers in developed 
markets. Especially in US, having the highest numbers of team members on the 
ground, having a strong integrated product proposition with which we can go 
confidently and win convincingly.  
You can imagine the team that had seen revenue in developed markets going down, 
they were not meeting their targets and some of the people were let go. They are 
now re-inspired as a unit, they are seeing a bigger team on the ground than ever 
before and more live customers together. There is lot of inspiration back and with 
that lens, there is no reason to be nervous about how Affle will do in developed 
markets for the rest of this year. Let us have the moment to consolidate and bring it 
back up, get to the margin expansion and then scale up. 
Onkar Ghugardare: Just a follow-up on the growth of international business, this quarter you have 
achieved around 16% y-o-y growth despite two months of decline in developed 
markets. If you calculate that for the rest of the year what kind of growth you are 
expecting in the international, since you are saying it has bottomed out? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I have been asked this question multiple times and in fact it is challenging that’s why 
we are being hesitant in giving you the numbers. Let me once again anchor it that we 
will look for over 20% growth in bottom-line PAT performance of the whole group by 
focusing on consolidation, convergence and acquisitive synergies for margin 
expansion.  
In terms of revenue growth, I would absolutely work on that. The growth in India and 
global emerging market verticals continues to be resilient north of 20%. In developed 
markets, we have arrested the situation where it was coming down. How quickly can 
we press the accelerator of growth and how much growth into the developed market?  
Give me at least one more quarter and when we come back to you with the results 
for Q2 FY2024 from there onwards, I will give you even more clear guidance but let 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
20 
 
me build it up further with the team and then get back to you with the clearer 
guidance. The only reason why I am guiding you on the bottom-line is because those 
plans are clear to me and we are able to anchor on it. 
Onkar Ghugardare: Why I am asking this question is because the international business is putting pressure 
on the overall business because in terms of India growth it is quite healthy. But if you 
look at the international businesses profit growth, it is flat and the revenue growth 
is around 16% so is putting the pressure on the entire group? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I understand why you are asking. I can tell you that I look at our numbers right from 
cash flow to every aspect of our numbers deeply. What I am asking you for is to allow 
the team to execute this quarter and to derive the margin expansion synergies and 
then press the accelerator for greater growth.  
There is no nervousness about further degrowth or any other thing this could pull it 
down. I am trying to calm the nerves on that. I am giving you confidence that with 
our plans for margin expansion and the unit economics in every market, geography 
and business unit including YouAppi, which is the most recently acquired one where 
we will derive consolidated acquisitive synergies, we will do margin expansion and 
deliver PAT growth over 20% this year. In terms of how much will we grow in 
developed market in terms of revenue? It should be healthy outlook, but I will give 
you a quantified response on it when I give you Q2 results. 
Moderator: 
Our next question that is from the line of Mohana Kumar who is an Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohana Kumar: 
Congrats on executing the plan that you had mentioned during the last earnings call. 
It is encouraging to see that things are picking in the last couple of months. I am 
trying to get a sense on, are there any plans of expanding into other developed 
markets or we remain largely focused on the US? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: US is the largest market in the world for digital advertising today and it will continue 
to remain that way for a long time. Even for us in terms of developed market 
contribution, we believe that if we win that battlefront well, we will have a stronger 
turnaround situation. We are focusing on anchoring the turnaround efforts on the US 
market a lot more. As I mentioned earlier, the current base of revenue, integrated 
customers and the number of full time employees that we have in US as of now, is 
highest that we have ever had in the past. We have rebuilt robust new foundation, 
which has the ability to give us the inspiration to go and convincingly win more from 
here. Do we have plans to enter other developed markets? We already have some 

Affle (India) Limited  
August 07, 2023 
 
21 
 
presence in Europe, but our focus would be on anchoring around turning the US, 
where we will see the highest impact for this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint that was the last question of our 
question and answer session. I would now hand the conference over to the 
management of Affle (India) Limited for closing comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you everybody for today’s call and once again, as I said at the beginning of my 
commentary that this is a significant milestone for Affle as a group to have a 4th IPO 
anniversary. We got listed on August 8, 2019. We have built credibility and consistent 
performance anchored on the trust and the support that we have got from over 
3,64,000 shareholders.  
We are optimistic about not only meeting our challenges & turning around but also 
delivering long-term sustainable profitable cash flow positive growth. We are also 
deeply excited about the things that we are doing in the new areas of R&D on 
responsible integration of Generative AI, large language models and so on. There 
were no questions asked on that today, but we will certainly see more happening in 
that area by the time we have the next earnings call. So, stay tuned and thank you 
for supporting us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** end *** 
