 
 
 
July 31, 2023 
 
Dear Sirs, 
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call for unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, 
held on Thursday, July 27, 2023. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
Microsoft Word - JVL - Q1FY24 Earnings Transcript Final (jubilantingrevia.com) 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
 
 
 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA 
DEEPANJA
LI GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI GULATI 
Date: 2023.07.31 
16:39:38 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
List of Management Attendees  
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman  
2. Mr. Hari Bhartia, Co-Chairman 
3. Mr. Rajesh Kr Srivastava, CEO & Managing Director  
4. Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht President & Chief Financial Officer 
5. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Director Investor Relations  
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Tarang Agarwal – Old Bridge Capital 
2. Harsh Shah – Dimensional Securities 
3. Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
4. Nitesh Dhoot – Dolat Capital 
5. Siddharth Gadekar – Equirus Capital  
6. Resham Jain – DSP Asset Managers  
7. Rohan Gupta – Nuvama Wealth 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Director, Investor Relations, 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on our Quarter 1 of Financial 
Year 2024 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today will 
be forward-looking in nature and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has been 
included in the press release and results presentation that has been shared on our 
website. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Hari Bhartia, Co-
Chairman; Mr. Rajesh Srivastava, CEO and Managing Director; and Mr. Prakash 
Bisht, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thanks, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on Q1 
of Financial Year 2024 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
We are pleased to announce stable performance in Q1 FY '24, given the backdrop 
of uncertain market conditions, especially in Agrochemical end use markets. In our 
Specialty Chemical business, demand from our agrochemical customers globally 
continue to face headwinds due to exceptionally higher pipeline inventories. 
However, the demand for our Pharmaceuticals and other customers has improved 
leading to improved price realization and margins from these products, including 
CDMO. 
In our Nutrition & Health business, Niacinamide volumes improved significantly 
resulting in revenue growth. We continue to witness improved price realization due 
to higher demand in the segment. Business continued to maintain global leadership 
position in Niacinamide and focus on niche segments like food and cosmetics. 
In our Chemical Intermediates business, we continue to improve our market share 
in key products, Acetic Anhydride, despite challenges of lower demand from 
agrochemical end user segment. We also witnessed lower price realization in the 
segment due to pricing pressure from agro end users of Acetic Anhydride and lower 
realization of Ethyl Acetate in export and domestic markets. We are witnessing 
softening of coal prices, with that, our overall energy cost is expected to normalize. 
We remain committed towards our growth plans and confident that our well-
defined capex plan will deliver structured growth as planned. 
I would like to wish to update you with the leadership change announcements. 
Rajesh Kumar Srivastava would superannuate effective 30th September 2023 from 
CEO and MD of the company. Rajesh joined Jubilant in the year 2000, and since 
then, he has held various leadership positions. He has grown the business and 
established a very strong leadership team. 
He established a deep culture of innovation, process and manufacturing excellence. 
He played an active role in developing global presence and brand of Jubilant 
Ingrevia. We thank Rajesh for his contribution in the Company's growth journey and 

 
Page 4 of 20 
 
place on records our appreciations for the services rendered by him and his 
unwavering commitment to Jubilant. 
We are pleased to announce that Deepak Jain will be appointed as the CEO and 
Managing Director of the company with effect from 1st October 2023. Deepak has 
more than 18 years of rich and diverse global experience with Bain & Company, 
where he has been working as a senior partner responsible for APAC - Advanced 
Manufacturing and Service Practice covering automotive, chemical, cement 
industries. We welcome Deepak to the Jubilant family and wish him a long and 
successful career with the company. 
With this, now, I hand over to Rajesh to discuss about the business in detail. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia for the kind words of appreciation. A very good evening to 
all of you. At the outset, let me welcome you all for joining us today for Q1 FY '24 
investor call of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. I sincerely hope that you and your loved 
ones are keeping very well. 
Let me now take you through the financial and operational performance of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited for the first quarter of financial year 2024. We are glad to inform 
you that after almost a year Nutrition & Health Solutions business witnessed a 
healthy bounce back in global demand of Niacinamide resulting into healthy volume 
and revenue growth year-on-year basis. 
Specialty and Chemical Intermediates business faced headwinds in demand, 
especially from agrochemical customers leading to lower revenue realization. 
Revenue during the quarter was also impacted due to lower price realization of 
Acetic Anhydride as well as Ethyl Acetate because of lower Acetic Acid prices. 
Overall business has improved EBITDA and margin sequentially due to better price 
realization from Niacinamide as well as Specialty Chemicals product from 
Pharmaceutical customers. However, EBITDA and margin performance year-on-
year basis is lower due to lower demand from Agrochemical customers. On the 
energy cost front, our plans to reduce overall energy cost are well on track, both at 
generation side as well as at consumption side. 

 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Now, let me take you through the updates on all our three business segments.  
Specialty Chemicals: We registered growth in volumes of Specialty Chemicals 
products, including CDMO from our Pharmaceutical and other customer resulting 
into normalization and sequential improvement in the margin for the segment 
overall. However, demand from our Agrochemical customers have faced significant 
headwinds, leading to lower revenue both year-on-year as well as sequentially. 
Our GMP and non-GMP plants for CDMO products, which we commissioned in last 
quarter are ramping up as per plan and are helping us to meet increased demand 
from our CDMO customers. Business continues to see improved demand from 
Specialty Chemicals products, including CDMO from non-agrochemicals segment 
use and our newly commissioned plant would see improved capacity utilization. 
Nutrition & Health Solutions: In Q1 FY '24, our Nutrition & Health Solutions business 
has recorded a significant improvement in revenue both year-on-year basis as well 
as sequentially mainly due to higher demand of Niacinamide globally. Business has 
also witnessed significant improvement in price realization of Niacinamide globally. 
Demand of Niacinamide continue to be normal and price realization is in the 
process of stabilizing. Business continues to focus on expanding our global market 
share of niche segments like food and cosmetics. 
To meet up the increased demand of this segment, we had already approved capex 
of new GMP compliant facility for producing cosmetic and food grade Niacinamide. 
The work on this capex is on track. The developmental work for Food grade Vitamin 
B4 is almost over and business is at advanced stage of finalizing the capex for GMP 
compliant facility of Vitamin B4. Approval shall take place in the ensuing quarter. 
Animal Nutrition & Health Solutions business continues to focus on its specialty 
products and to meet up the increased demand of these specialty products. 
Business is working towards bringing up new capex for enhancing capacity for 
Specialty Premix products. 
Chemical Intermediates: The business successfully managed to place higher volume 
of acetic anhydride globally for which has resulted in higher capacity utilization, our 

 
Page 6 of 20 
 
newly commissioned plant of Acetic Anhydride at our Bharuch facility. Our Chemical 
Intermediates business has recorded lower revenue during the quarter over last 
year, mainly due to lower price of Acetic Acid, leading to lower price realization of 
both Acetic Anhydride and Ethyl Acetate. 
Chemical Intermediates business EBITDA for the quarter was lower than last year, 
mainly on account of lower price realization of Acetic Anhydride, especially from 
Agrochemical customers due to global pricing pressure in their products. Business 
continues to rationalize sales of Ethyl Acetate due to excess supply, while the 
demand of ethyl acetate has further impacted negatively in EU and U.S. regions. 
We expect the sluggish demand from agrochemical customers to continue for some 
more time. However, we expect improvement in our future performance on 
account of improved market situation of Niacinamide as well as the Specialty 
Chemical products including CDMO, especially from non-agro customers. 
Other financial details: Net debt of the company as of 30th June 2023 was Rs. 492 
crores and net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was at 0.89x on the basis of trailing 12 months 
EBITDA. The net working capital percentage to turnover and number of days of 
working capital for Q1 were at 20% and 73 days, respectively. The capital 
expenditure during quarter was Rs. 180 crores. The company continues to remain 
under the old tax regime and effective tax realization for Q1 stands at 29.1%. 
With this, I would conclude our opening remarks. We will now be happy to address 
any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Capital. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
I have three questions. One, sir, despite coal prices coming off, we haven't seen a 
similar relaxation on your power and fuel spends. So, if you could give us some 
sense as to how that's going to move going forward? 
Number two, in the Specialty Chemicals business, I think we are well aware of 
probably what's happening in the AgChem space. Sir, if you could give us a sense in 

 
Page 7 of 20 
 
terms of, how are our volumes in the non-AgChem space in terms of percentage 
growth and what was the de-growth that you witnessed in the AgChem space? And 
how are you all seeing yourself or how are you all seeing the AgChem business to 
resume? 
And the third, I believe, in mid-April acetic anhydride capacity was commissioned. 
So, given the current market structure, how do you see the ramp up of that facility? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Okay. So your first question on coal, if you see our coal and fuel value wise, yes, you 
are right from last quarter, we are almost close to the same number. But look at 
the volumes, because the volumes have grown, so effective coal and fuel prices per 
ton has come down. 
And if you see from last year level, we are already down by almost 20% to 25%. So 
there is a significant improvement and there is a continuous improvement, which 
is happening on coal prices, which you all know. So you will see further reduction 
on effective coal and fuel price realization in our business. 
Second question, on AgChem business, if you see our presentation, our AgChem 
ratio of our revenues is down from 40% to 33%. So that gives you an indication what 
is the reduction of AgChem business in our overall revenue. And all that, you see 
the increase in pharma is in almost double-digit in terms of our pharmaceutical 
products and CDMO. 
On third question, the acetic anhydride plant we are -- as we stated in our speech 
that our volume has gone significantly high in acetic anhydride in last quarter and 
that has happened because of the demand from pharmaceutical customer and 
other end users other than Agrochemical customers. 
Currently, if you see our overall capacity of anhydride, we are close to 80% 
utilization all across the sites. We now run anhydride in three of our sites, and in 
total capacity, we have produced and sold, last quarter close to 80%. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. Sir, just one follow-up. Thank you for these answers. Just one follow-up sir. 
Historically, if I look at FY '21 and 2022, right, power and fuel, as a percentage of 

 
Page 8 of 20 
 
your overall cost, ranged at about 10% to 11%. That number sort of zoomed up to 
about 17% because of market conditions in FY '23. Now, if I look in Q1 FY '24 as well, 
that number continues to remain at about 15% to 16% of your overall cost. So I 
would believe that if volumes are going up and the thermal coal prices are coming 
off, this percentage ratio should come back to, if not 10%, maybe 11%, 12% 
eventually. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, because we have variety of products. We have -- we have so many products. So 
it depends also on product mix. In the Chemical, certain products uses steam and 
power much more than other products. 
So if the product mix changes, it is very difficult to analyse that what is the value 
based on per ton. But if you see the overall normalization of coal prices, we -- I think 
we will not go back to 2021 prices ever because overall prices of coal -- even our 
FSA have gone up. 
So what you will see today, there is an improvement possible and it is continuously 
happening. But if you ask that it will match to 2021, I doubt. It will not. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir, first question is on the gross margin, which has seen market improvement 
sequentially from 43% to 48%. So going ahead, what is the level of gross margin? Is 
this sustainable at 48%, 49% going forward? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
You are talking about gross margin? 
Harsh Shah: 
 
Yes. Gross margin. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So gross margin today what you see is very much sustainable. There is no -- there is 
no doubt in that. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And my next question is again -- so it's related to power cost and also 
the realization because every quarter over last 4 to 5 quarters, we have seen that 
the realization has -- is growing everywhere. Just previous quarter Q4, we were 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
seeing the realization across products are coming down. This quarter in certain 
sectors, we saw that the realization is improving. 
So is there any way we can track the realization, if any data point on quarterly basis, 
which you can give us, if you can give us a better indication about what exactly -- 
how the product mix is evolving for the company? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So well, let me also add a point on your first question. When you talk about gross 
margin, the percentage is little bit -- it's difficult to say because if the raw material 
prices goes down, you sometimes see gross margin percentage goes up. But what I 
said will be maintained is the -- definitely better value. But percentage is very 
difficult, because right now, you see the acetic acid prices are very, very low level. 
So that's why you can see little bit a better percentage. But -- so but value-wise, 
yes. we definitely are very sure that it'll we be maintained or it will be better. 
Now, coming to your second question. On the realization product-wise, I mean, we 
can separately sit with you and explain you that which product realization is going 
up, where the product realization is going down depending on the product mix, but 
it is difficult to give those details right now in the call. 
Harsh Shah: 
Not in the call, but it's for everyone's benefit, if we can give volume data for all the 
3 segments in kilolitres terms. I know we must be having a lot of SKUs, but if we 
dumb it down to kilolitres that in Chemical Intermediates, we sold ex-kilolitres, in 
Specialty, even if it's aggregate and it can help us derive some numbers to work 
with. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Okay, understand, yes, yes. 
Harsh Shah: 
And last question is on the Chemical Intermediates side, you have mentioned in the 
PPT that the realization has gone down, but we've seen increase in the margin. So 
what was the reason behind that? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Basically the acetic acid -- as I explained, acetic acid prices are so low, you see the 
better margin in terms of percentage. 
Harsh Shah 
 
Okay. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
We need to focus on the value. 
Harsh Shah: 
 
Okay. So in absolute terms also we have maintained margins? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes. Value-wise, absolutely. 
Harsh Shah: 
 
Understood. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
First on the agrochemicals side, just wanted to understand a little bit more, is it that 
the customer were sitting on excess inventory and they're normalizing or do you 
think the higher interest rate is hurting the agrochemical player in terms of keeping 
the inventory and bringing it down? What is leading to this destocking? And when 
do you see the revival happening in the agrochemicals business? That will be very 
helpful. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Based on our discussion with our customers, what we understand, there are two 
reasons for this situation of agrochemical. One is the weather conditions in Brazil, 
U.S. and Europe in last 6 to 8 months have been very, very difficult, and that has 
actually reduced the demand. 
And the second is that the customers have piled up the inventory in anticipation of 
higher demand. So some of the customers have inventory up to even 10 months. 
You can imagine that this kind of inventory liquidation will take time. Though we 
estimate that this situation should be as per customers, it should be normalized 
sometime November, December. What we expect that the last quarter of our 
financial year should be the normal quarter. That is what we can estimate based on 
what our customers are intimating to us. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, that's quite clear. Just wanted to understand a little bit more, do we sell 
agrochemical more to the innovator-innovative product or it's more of a generic? 
Where does it find application for us? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Our product is sold to both generic customers as well as innovator customers. So 
we have products, which is sold to all the customers. 

 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. Just one thing here. When we are making a comment, it is more pertinent to 
generic side of business, or you are saying, this is really across the players and there 
is really no differentiation between the generic customer and innovator? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So some of our products, which are in the early stage of generic -- becoming generic, 
of course, there are differentiation. But in general, if you're selling a product, which 
is old -- it has got generic of 10 years before, then obviously it doesn't make 
difference whether you're selling to a generic customer or to an innovator 
customer. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And what will be the proportion for the generic in the overall agrochemical sales, if 
you can share that number? 
Moderator: 
 
Sanjesh, sorry to interrupt you, but we are losing your audio? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
 
Can you hear me now? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, I can get your question, but it is difficult to give that percentage as of now. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
 
No, rough number will be helpful, will it be 30, 40, 50? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
It's difficult. We can tell you later. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
 
That's fine, sir. Very helpful. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Operator can we take the next question please? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sir, my first question is on the Nutrition segment where we see that the margins 
are still much lower than the historical numbers despite the business, as we say, 
having normalized. So what is the reason behind that and what would be your 
outlook going forward? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
In Nutrition business, we have said in the past also, normally we take the orders for 
a quarter, right? So if the prices start improving, we don't see the impact 

 
Page 12 of 20 
 
immediately. It takes about a quarter or 4 months to seek to reach to the actual 
normalized situation. 
So last quarter, the improvement started mid of the quarter, if you remember, and 
we did not -- we could not enjoy the full quarter benefit. So now more or less, we 
are not still on the same level of last year, but we are now reaching to closer to the 
normal situation. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. So maybe the second half of the year, we should be seeing normalized 
margins of like maybe 18%, 20% range or any number that you can maybe help us 
with? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Again, the percentage is very difficult to talk. But what I can definitely say that even 
the ongoing quarter as well as the future quarters should be definitely better. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure, sure. Sir, my next question is on the Diketene plant that was commissioned. I 
mean, any number that -- any utilization number that you can maybe share, any 
ballpark number where it's currently operating? And how do you see the ramp-up 
going forward over the next year or so? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So the good news in Diketene is that now the demand is picking-up. We have 
reached to a level of 55% to 60% of our capacity utilization in Diketene. And we 
foresee that in coming quarters, this utilization should further improve. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, in that case, I mean, how are we placed on our next phase of Diketene 
expansion, any color on that? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So last quarter we had -- sorry, this quarter we have approved next phase of 
investment for two value-added products. We have planned to approve another 
investment during next quarter in Q3 for further two value-added products. So now 
gradually, as per plan, we are taking up the investments for the new value-added 
product because now our cost situation, our capacity and plant is running very well, 
and therefore, now we are taking up to the next value-added products in Diketene. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure, sir. And on the overall capex schedule, if we talk about, so almost INR2,000 
crores of capex was laid out for completion by FY '25. So how much of that is already 

 
Page 13 of 20 
 
commissioned and what part of it would be -- would we be seeing over the next 
year-and-a-half? And any deferments or delays that we can -- that we expect there 
because of the headwinds around agrochemical side of things? Details over there 
would be very helpful. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So in last 12 months to 15 months, we have completed the capex worth INR475 
crores. The capexes, which are currently ongoing is of the value of about INR450 
crores. So that's the number. And we are already taking up the under development 
and designing phase, over INR600 crores capexes are under design phase, which 
will come for approval in next 10 months to 12 months' time. So during next 10 
months' time quarter-on-quarter, month-on-month as and when our design 
portion gets cleared, we will bring those capexes and that value will be close to 
INR600 crores. And further, the work is still going on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir, sorry, but the line for the participant dropped. We move on to the 
next participant. Next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Hi, sir. Just one -- first question on the capex, so what is the number that we should 
work with for FY '24 and FY '25 in terms of the cash outflow? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
FY '24 should be between INR600 crores to INR700 crores. FY '25 will be close to 
INR500 crores, so far. If we find something interesting, it might go up a little bit 
more. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly now in terms of the capacity that we have commissioned in Specialty 
Chemical, we were supposed to commission three plants. So in terms of that, where 
are we in terms of ramp-up, and by year-end, will we be at around 35% to 50% 
utilization? How should we look at that? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
In fact, our Specialty Chemical, CDMO, non-GMP, GMP facilities are running very, 
very high level of utilization, because the demand is strong and we are close to more 
than 50% to 60% of utilization and it is ramping-up. In next couple of quarters, I 
think we will have a good position of utilization, and therefore, we will be quickly 
working on additional capacities for future. 

 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, is it fair to assume that by year-end, we will be at 70%-plus capacity utilization 
for this year? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Absolutely. Fair assumption. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Secondly, our Specialty Chemicals, just -- can you just give some 
percentage in terms of the volume decline that we have seen this quarter. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So Specialty Chemical, agrochemical volume decline is close to 20% to 24%, 25% in 
the quarter overall. And in Pharmaceutical, we have grown almost, let's say, 10% to 
11%. So net-net volume decline is there. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Sir, just one last question, in terms of the FSA coal we highlighted 
something in the opening remarks. But now are we getting the entire quantity that 
we were getting in FY '21 and FY '22 or it is still lower than those level? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No. So in FSA coal what happens that, you get -- so first of all, we are now getting 
FSA coal, but there are two ways you get FSA coal. One is through rail transport. 
Second is through road transport. Government has not opened up 100% rail 
transport. Once that happens, then you can say 100% normalization has happened. 
So we are getting FSA coal, but we are getting through road. I have said this also in 
the last call. So therefore, our cost is still not 100% normal. We are close to 20% 
higher than the normal cost if you get from rail transport. But that is seemingly now 
looking at to be opening up maybe this quarter end, the government is giving, lot 
of push to open up. We can see some easing up happening this quarter. So we may 
give you next quarter a news, which can be better than this. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
So my question is to Mr. Shyam Bhartia and Hari Bhartia given that we have this 
change in management, and typically in a manufacturing company, what we have 
seen is a person who has worked in an industry is typically being chosen. So in your 
case, you have gotten a person who has more of a consulting kind of experience. 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
So if you can just explain your thought process, what has gone behind this hiring? 
And any thoughts around this will be very helpful to us. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
This is Shyam Bhartia. Deepak Jain has extensive experience in the chemical 
industry and has worked in many specialty chemical and chemical industry for both 
taking their business to a different level. So he has an extensive experience in both 
chemical and specialty chemical industry. And in many industries, he has taken a 
very active role in taking through their development of their business. So he really 
has an extremely good understanding of the chemical industry and specialty. 
Having said that, of course, he has worked with many of the chemical companies in 
both in the manufacturing excellence, in the business excellence and also in taking 
the company to different heights in both specialty and chemical industry. 
Resham Jain: 
Understood, sir. Sir, the other question, again, when we look at your company, 
especially on the Specialty side, we've seen lot of agrochemical -- Pyridine is used 
extensively. But what we have seen is that a lot of projects where there are forward 
integration steps, especially on the fluorine side or fluoropyridine side. The project 
has been won by some other players, which are more specialized higher margin 
business. How would you think about taking Specialty Chemical to the next level 
whereby we provide N-2, maybe N-1 kind of product to the market? If you can just 
explain your thought process around this, that would be really helpful. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Yes, I can explain that. And basically, some of the industries, who have fluorine-
based products, because they have HF with them and they have a high capacity of 
HF. So they have a better position to derive that benefit from the fluorine in these 
products. But there are many chlorinated and brominated products, which is 
available for us and we are supplying in that segment, a lot of chlorinated and 
brominated products, which is also in high demand. 
So that's where we have a particular advantage. But of course, since we don't have 
HF with us, we don't have any fluorinated products. So people go to people who 
have HF only for fluorinated industries. But all are not fluorinated. There are many 

 
Page 16 of 20 
 
products, they are chlorinated, brominated and non-fluorinated, there we have an 
edge. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Sir, one request. Earlier, you used to give one slide which 
was very helpful for analyst on the capex updates. I think those slides are not 
coming from last two quarters. If it is possible -- because for a chemical company, 
it is very important to understand what kind of capexes are going and a continuous 
update around that would be very helpful. It is just a request, in case if it is possible. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
I think I would say that by the end of the year, it is better to give that rather than in 
every quarter. 
Resham Jain: 
 
Okay. 
Prakash Bisht: 
Every quarter, we are announcing the capexes, which we are approving and also 
which we are executing. I think it's better to announce the end of the year when 
the complete strategy is ready for this. For this year, already capexes, which have 
been approved, this will be executed sometime next year. And also for next year 
capexes also, we'll be ready with our strategy next year. 
Resham Jain: 
 
Okay. Fair, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, first question is on our Specialty Chemical division, sir. Last year, we have seen 
that though there was an increase in coal prices and lower availability of FSA coal, 
we were able to fairly able to pass it on to the end consumer and there was a price 
acceptance from the customer, because there was a high demand and the prices 
have gone up. But, sir, now, especially coming from the agro, the industry is 
witnessing the weakness. So though the coal cost is coming down, do we see that 
we may not be able to retain any benefit of the falling coal prices, and it has to be 
passed on to the end customer, and so that the margin in Specialty Chemical remain 
at the level at which they are? 

 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So first of all, what you see the margins today is not what we should have. That is 
the answer. But detail, if you see, not only the coal prices, entire commodities have 
been very lower. So customers, they know when the commodity is going down and 
globally even coal prices. It -- so one situation was that we were not getting FSA, 
but now even global coal prices are going down. 
So customers are expecting the price to be adjusted accordingly. And therefore, we 
have to also align to the customer expectation and -- which happens in positive side 
also. But again, answering your question, of course, we are aiming to be a better 
price realization -- EBITDA margin in Specialty Chemical, what you are seeing in this 
quarter. It should be better. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes. Sir should be. But definitely, given that the pressure on the agrochemical 
industry, the demand is still low. We have seen a roughly 25% to 30% volume 
decline in agrochemical. And agrochemical still contribute one-third of our Specialty 
Chemical revenue. So the question I was having that EBITDA margin in the current 
quarter was roughly as low as 8% in --in Specialty Chemicals has been as low as 7% 
to 8% - 16%, which earlier used to be roughly 20% to 22% range. So do we see that 
any near-term? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
No, 20% to 22% you're talking about one quarter or two quarter where we had 
some good positive news for one of the product, but in general, I have been always 
talking on our Specialty Chemical, product mix basis, our margin to be close to 16% 
to 18%. I've been saying that. So I think what you are saying 20% to 22% is still not 
there because we have to utilize our GMP facility completely, all the new products, 
which we have launched in CDMO have to come on commercial scale. 
So it will take a little time to reach to that 20% level, which is what I had said earlier 
also. But yes, this is not -- this is not the actual normal. Should be little better than 
this, which we are working on that. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, second question is on the Diketene, you mentioned that definitely now 
utilization rate will have gone to roughly 50%-plus, expect further improvement. 
But I think that as a business model of Diketene, the money and the margins will be 

 
Page 18 of 20 
 
made when we go in the value-added segment and when we put our second phase 
of capex. So as of now, how do you see that the visibility for that -- though you 
touched upon on that that you expect that commissioning of Phase 2. 
But given that agrochemical and Diketene is primarily catering to agrochemical 
where you are talking about the current weakness going to remain there for at least 
next three quarters to four quarters. So do we see that in kind of environment, we 
still will see a Diketene business ramping up and margins improving there with the 
commissioning of the second, say, next four quarters to six quarters? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
First of all, the volume increase in Diketene itself will improve our EBITDA, correct? 
But you are very right that as we explained in the past also, this is not our aim to 
utilize 100% with these products. Our aim is to bring new value-added products. If 
you are asking for visibility, I have explained in the earlier question that the two 
intermediates we have approved, this will be commercialized during this year last 
quarter. 
The next two -- another four intermediates we are working on, which should come 
in next two quarters to three quarters for approval. So going forward in a horizon 
of, let's say, 1.5 years, one year to 1.5 years, you will start seeing the improvement 
in overall profitability of Diketene as and when the new value-added product will 
start coming in. 
So this is as per plan. I think, if you see every time we have been talking that first 
task was to commercialize, utilize the basic building blocks and then bring up the 
value-added products. We are going with the same direction. So your question is 
correct and we are in the same track. But of course, it takes time. 
So that's why we don't want to unnecessarily tell you that it will happen next 
quarter or next to next quarter. But it is going very well because most important is 
stabilizing the building block production because that cost itself, we are assuming, 
this is a good achievement. Now, here onwards, you can only see the notch way 
going forward in terms of profitability. 

 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, just last question. On CDMO, if you can give some number for the current year 
how -- at what revenue from the CDMO we are likely to close for the FY '24? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
So again, we can't give you a specific number, but we have told earlier also that we 
are close to double-digit percentage of our total revenue is our CDMO business, 
that we have said earlier also in the past. So that we are trying to improve, but we 
can't give you exact value in terms of CDMO business. 
Rohan Gupta:  
Okay. Fine enough, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please 
go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, just one more question on the Specialty Chemical piece. We had highlighted 
that volumes declined anywhere by around 35%. So how much of this would you 
attribute to the destocking and how much would you attribute to the China 
dumping or China coming back where China was not present for the last 18, 24 
months? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Yes, there is -- so I would say, major portion is the destocking. But yes, you are very 
right, slight portion is actually speaking, if you see the global agrochemical 
phenomena also, it is China dumping, because I explained in my earlier question, 
that one was the weather problem, the second was excess supplies from China.  
People kept their stock because they were anticipating that like last two quarters, 
three quarters, China was slow in supplies, people started buying, and China has 
started dumping. So it's a double impact, which you see today. So you are right, I 
mean, both impact. But mainly, the major impact is from the excess inventory at 
our customer end. In fact, China is even today dumping, but there is no buyer today. 
They want to dump, but there is no buyer. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Also in terms of our cost of production, just a sense on Pyridine, what would be the 
differential between us and China? We would be evenly matched with China? 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Cost of production, we always claim that we are best in the world. Otherwise, if 
China does not dump the material, we also get an opportunity to sell in China. It is 

 
Page 20 of 20 
 
only when China decides to sell. If you remember, about 1.5 years before, there 
was a situation when China was being very, very modest in their pricing.  
They did not do the dumping about 1.5 years before, and that is the time we took 
some market from China. So unless they decide to sell lower than the cost, we are 
definitely best -- best cost situation in terms of Pyridine and Pyridine derivative. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay, sir. Got it. 
Moderator: 
 
Siddharth, do you have any follow-up questions? 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
No. That's it. 
Moderator: 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja for closing comments. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
We thank you all for joining on this call today. We hope we have been able to 
answer your queries. For further clarification, I would request you to get in touch 
with me. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Rajesh Srivastava: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
