Phone : 022 2270 8100 
022 2270 8400 
Website : www.newindia.co.in 
u117--gErr Trzh-TRT 
(Tr ii•tchR 'WT dListoi 
THE NEW INDIA ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. 
(Govt. of India Undertaking) 
fft  	
:9
-cT11141. 	
87, 	
- 400 001. 
Regd. & Head Office :  New India Assurance Bldg., 87, M.G. Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. 
CIN No. L66000MH1919G01000526 
Ref. No.: NIACL/CMD_BoardSectt/2023-24 
To, 
09th June, 2023 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalai Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540769/NSE - NIACL) 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 05th June 2023  
With reference to our letter dated June 01, 2023, intimating you about the 
conference call with Analysts/Investors held on June 05, 2023, please find attached 
the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Jayashree Nair 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
JAYASHREE 
ANIL NAIR
Digitally signed by 
JAYASHREE ANIL NAIR 
Date: 2023.06.09 
16:11:45 +05'30'

The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2023 
Management: 
• Ms. Neerja Kapur, Chairman and Managing Director 
• Mr. Titus Francis, Director and GM, CFO 

The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2023 
Moderator: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us today for The New India Assurance Company 
Limited Earnings call for Q4 & FY23. I'm Faizan, your moderator for this call. With us today are 
Ms. Neerja Kapur, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Titus Francis, Director and GM, CFO; 
and other members of the executive team. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone 
that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements based on our current 
expectations. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual 
results to differ materially. Please refer to our latest exchange filing for more information on 
these risks. At this moment, all participants are in the listen only mode. Later, we will conduct 
a question & answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press "*" and "1" on 
your telephone keypad. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to 
hand over the floor to Ms. Neerja Kapur for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
madam. 
A very good afternoon to all, and thank you for joining us today for the earnings call of the The 
New India Assurance Company Limited (New India) to discuss our financial results for the 
financial year. '22, '2322 23. I am Neerja Kapur, Chairperson and Managing Director of the 
company, would like to begin by first of all expressing my gratitude to all our valued 
shareholders, analysts and investors for your continued support and interest in our 
organization. 
We have all been witness to the remarkable growth in the Indian insurance sector over the past 
few years, thanks to the country's growing affluent, strong economic growth and an expanding 
middle class leading to rising levels of disposable income, young population with high digital 
penetration as well as dynamic regulatory developments and support of the government. The 
sector expanded at a compound annual growth rate of 17% over the previous two decades. 
And it is forecast that premium volumes will grow by an average annual rate of 12% to 14% per 
annum over the next decade. At this rate, India will be the 6th largest insurance market in the 
world by 2032, ahead of Germany, Canada, Italy and South Korea. 
India has made improvements, but in terms of insurance penetration and density, it still has a 
long way to go. At 1% non-life insurance penetration in India last year was significantly below 
the global average of 3.9% and the protection gap as we all know ranges from 35% to 95% 

across different lines of business. The Indian Government as well as the regulator are giving 
utmost priority to formulate appropriate strategies to address this and close the protection gap. 
IRDAI has implemented a number of regulatory reforms recently in the last 1 year with the goal 
of increasing penetration. These reforms aim to simplify insurance products, to facilitate 
product innovation, to lower the premiums and strengthen distribution channels. Focus is also 
on facilitating ease of business and moving from a-rule-basedi44€44450-yregulations to a principle-
based-i4444444-yregulations. As per market analysts, it is expected that lead segments of growth 
would be health, property, casualty, motor and agriculture. These sectors are expected to 
benefit from the government focus on infrastructure development, increased awareness and 
the introduction of new products. 
Market for health insurance in India is quickly expanding with the rising costs for high quality 
healthcare, rising income level, longer life expectancy. Post pandemic, people are now more 
conscious of life uncertainties and unpredictability. As a result, over the past 2 years, there has 
been a considerable change in the health insurance sector in India. Coming to the performance 
of New India in this financial year, New India continued to be the market leader with the highest 
market share of 13.42% in the non-life insurance industry in India. Gross written premium 
increased by 5.3% for New India as the company pursued its strategy of growth with 
profitability, which meant that the company had to let go some businesses where the price was 
inadequate or the terms were unfavorable. This conscious call and efforts taken by the company 
to weed off loss making accounts of approximately Rs. 800 crore in Group Mediclaim and 
approximately Rs. 900 crore of crop insurance has resulted in a lower market share in 
comparison to last year, but set off by a large improvement in the performance of that segment. 
Profit after tax has increased to Rs. 1,0655 crore in this financial year as compared to a profit 
after tax of Rs. 164 crore of the previous financial year, an increase of nearly 543%. 
aUnderwriting results were negatively impacted in the fourth quarter to an extent of Rs. 224 
crore due to adverse development of claims pertaining to the previous years in the crop line of 
business. Some tax 	
CAT  losses in foreign operations in the fourth quarter also negatively 
impacted the results with the full year results getting adversely impacted by Rs. 107 crore due 
to these losses. An-d4The company's guarded approach to Group Mediclaim will continue. Strict 
implementations of the guidelines framed by the company has enabled the ICR of Group 
Mediclaim to reduce to 1205% in financial year '23 from a very high of 120% in financial year 
'22. The company has rolled out price increase in retail health also after many years, and the 
company's focus is on increasing its footprint in the retail health. 
After the muted performance, we are also seeing good growth in the motor portfolio once 
again after many years and steps are being taken to reduce loss ratio in this segment also. 
Increase in repo rate augurs well for New India as incremental deployment of funds in fixed 

income is happening at around 7% plus. In financial year '23, the company absorbed the entire 
impact of the wage arrears and additional provisioning on account of employee benefits to the 
extent of Rs. 3,445 crore. Despite this, the fair value change continues to remain in excess of 
Rs. 198000 crore as of financial year '23. 
In financial 	
year 24, we aim to grow 	
by 12% or in line 	
with the industry growth with targeted 
reduction of 4% to 5% in the combined ratio. We have continued to enhance our product 
offerings and expand our distribution channels to better serve our customers. Some of the new 
product offerings which you have seen in the market in the last few months are my cyber 
insurance, surety bonds, drone insurance, pay as you drive under the motor line of business, 
the credit card  guardpolicy covering critical illness. Our strong relationships with agents, 
brokers and corporate clients have enabled us to deepen our market penetration and to 
capitalize on emerging opportunities. 
Additionally, we have placed a strong emphasis on digital transformation and technological 
innovation, enabling us to streamline processes, improve customer experience and to drive 
operational efficiency. These initiatives have positioned us well for the future, ensuring that we 
Titus Francis: 
remain agile and adaptive in an ever-evolving industry landscape. I would like to take this 
opportunity to express my appreciation for the unwavering dedication and hard work of our 
employees and our dedicated force of agents. Despite a restructuring of the corporate 
structure, their commitment and professionalism have been instrumental in accomplishments 
and have played a very crucial role in delivering value to our stakeholders. 
Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic about the prospects of our industry 	
dnd-our 
ability to navigate the challenges that lie ahead. We will continue to focus on strengthening our 
core business, exploring new growth avenues and further enhancing our customer centric 
approach. I am confident that there with our strong fundamental, dedicated team and strategic 
vision, New India is well positioned to achieve sustainable growth and generate longterm value 
for our shareholders. 
Before I conclude, I would like to express our commitment to transparency and open 
communication. We are here to address any questions or concerns you may have during the 
question & answer session that follows our financial presentation. Once again, thank you for 
your participation in today-'s call. I will now hand over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Titus, 
to present the financial highlights of this quarter and this year. 
Good afternoon to all. Thank you for joining the call. 12_,rn Titus Francis here. I would like to 
briefly present the company's overview and the financial results of the company for the year 
ended March 1'23. So, we are th e largest general insurance company in India with an established 

brand and expansive multi-channel distribution network and a strong international presence. 
We are #1 in India in terms of net-worth, domestic gross direct premium, highest number of 
offices and maximum number of claims settled. We are into the 104th year of operations. We 
have 
already issued 30 million policies in FY22, '23. We have 1800 offices plus offices in India and we 
have a presence in 26 countries through international branches, agency offices, subsidiaries 
including a box at Lloyd's London. 
We are the market leaders. We continue to be market leaders with a 13.42% of the domestic 
share in the market. We are leaders in almost all the lines of business, fire, marine, engineering, 
motor health, including PA, as well as aviation. As already mentioned, we are the largest non-
life general insurer in India with the highest market share of 13.42%. We are consistent in the 
market leaders in terms of network, domestic gross direct premium and we are multi-product, 
multi-channel and having a global presence as mentioned in 26 countries. We have a diverse 
product portfolio and a multi-channel distribution, dominant market position, consistent 
market leadership and growth, and we strive to be excellent in customer service and 
technology. 
Coming to the key highlights, our gross return premium global, we have completed Rs. 38,791 
crore against Rs. 36,835 crore with an accretion of 5.31%. Though we were lower than the 
market, but it was a conscious call to grow with which can be seen in the incurred claims where 
the last year's incurred claims was Rs. 28,750 crore, this year it is Rs. 28,909 crore with a very 
small increase of 0.55%. Commission witnessed an increase of 5%. Expenses Rs. 4,300 crore 
against last year's Rs. 4,114 crore, an increase of 7%. 
Investment income has increased to Rs. 10,442 crore from Rs. 6,666 crore. This was to take care 
partly for the wage arrears. So, our profit before tax is Rs. 1,245 crore against Rs. 160 crore last 
year, 678% accretion and a profit after tax of Rs. 1,055 crore against Rs. 164 crore, 543.29% 
accretion. Our incurred claim ratio because of the conscious efforts to get the correct price, the 
claims ratio has come down to 95.59% against 99.46% last year. Commission ratio has more or 
less been the same at 7.7%. Expense ratio is 13.82% against 13.49% earlier, a-combined ratio 
or saw a  3% drop from 120.66% to 117.15%. 
If you look at our business mix, most of our business is coming from the health and PA segment 
with a 45.38% ratio. Motor will be around 26%, fire 16.60%, and marine is 2.72% and others 
8.66%. If you look at our channel mix, we have brokers contributing 33%, direct 30%, agency 
28%, dealer 8% and bancassurance 1%. We have adequately provided and this can be seen in 
the movement in technical reserves and we have as on FY23, Rs. 47,547 crore. If you look at 

our gross return written  premium impact against Rs. 36,835 crore, we have completed Rs. 
38,791 crore, an impact of Rs. 164 crore last year and impact this year of Rs. 1,055 crore. 
Coming to our key ratios, our incurred claimsratio have come down from 99.46% to 95.59%. 
Our commission is almost the same at 7.75% against 7.70%, and our expense ratio at 13.82% 
against 13.49%. As already mentioned, our combined ratio has come down by 3% to 117.15% 
from 
120.66%. Our solvency has improved from 1.66 to 1.87 and ROE has also improved to 5.53% 
from 1.22%. We are striving to get to double digit figures. 
And coming to the balance sheet highlights, the net worth is Rs. 19,919 crore against Rs. 18,232 
crore. Net worth including fair value is Rs. 37,957 crore against Rs. 38,191 crore. General 
reserves at Rs. 15,791 crore against Rs. 14,785 crore, and an investment assets at market value 
Rs. 86,111 against Rs. 83,372crore. Solvency ef-is 1.87 against 1.66. 
Coming to the segment information. We will see that we have grown in all the lines of business 
except in others, basically because of the crop line of business. Last year, we had aR 
underwritten almost Rs. 900 crore, this year it was very insignificant amount. The accretion is 
5.31% so we have completed Rs. 38,791 against Rs. 36,835 last year. As already mentioned, 
our ICR has improved from 99.46% to 95.49% and basically because of health and PA ICR coming 
down  from 120.59% to 103.33%. 
Our future strategy is increasing the return on equity and maintaining the increased market 
share and leverage benefits of economies of scale driven by growth, rationalization of operating 
offices, maintaining healthy solvency margin and increasing digital penetration. We also aim to 
leverage technology to drive customer satisfaction, profitability and growth. 
Madam has already given her comments in the opening address. So, we are ready to take 
ea-Asouestions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question & answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Uday, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Uday: 	
I jtist have one question. How do you see the growth and competiiW  intensity in the motor 
segment and what is your plan in that sense? 
Neeria Karim 	
This is Neerja here. I'll take this question. Like, I mentioned in my opening remarks that we are 
seeing a growth in the motor segment after quite a few years and we are seeing good growth 

in the region of nearly about 15% to 17% and we expect this growth to continue looking at the 
economy doing well and the motor segment as a whole doing very well. 
And what about the competitive in terms of pricing? How do you feel the claims ratio and 
combined ratio will move in this segment? 
Uday: 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, this segment, traditionally, the losses have been quite high in the motor OD, that is own 
damaged segment. Like you know, there are 2 segments in motor, there's an OD segment and 
the TP segment, and the OD segment has t+aditionally-19seen high claim segment usually-offset 
by the third-party segment, the premium coming from the third-party segment. So, a lot of 
competition happens here. Overall, our pricing is extremely competitive. As far as New India is 
concerned, our pricing is very, very competitive and we are in line with the market, but we have 
found that last year, the claims experience has been adverse due to some increase in the 
standalone OD segment. So, we are taking steps to take corrective action there, and in this 
particular year, we are having a segmented discount structure and segmented pricing structure 
based on the claims experience in individual regions and that will be dynamic process which 
will be carefully graded throughout the year, which will be watched, analyzed and graded 
throughout the year. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Arjun from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Arjun: 	
Madam, continuing with the previous question, post expense of management being 
implemented from this year onwards, especially in the motor OD segment, do you believe 
discounting, etcetera, has normalized? Has it helped in normalization of pricing in OD segment? 
That is no. 1? In line with this, does this expense of management give you an advantage to pay 
more to your retail arms like health, etcetera, where you also had mentioned would be driver 
for growth in the coming years. So probably till now, there was a 15% commission on retail 
health book. Going ahead would you be aggressive in retail health? Does it give you an 
advantage? These are my first 2 questions. I'll follow up. 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, thank you again. I'll take this question. So, when it comes to EOM, we have actually publicly 
thanked the regulator for bringing a level playing field to the entire insurance industry by just 
one stroke of introducing the new  expenses of management  (regulations). So, as you are aware, 
last year, being a PSU, a public sector undertaking, we were not in a position to pay anything 
other than the regulatorsily allowed commission. And so, we did face a disadvantage in the 
sense that even though we were offering one of the best prices in the market, the attraction 
was for pushing the offers made by other insurers who were able to offer differential incentives 
to the intermediaries. But going forward from this April, since introduction of expenses of 
management, New India is finding that it brings us a level playing field in the markets. And since 

our total expense of management, if you see what Titus had presented in the financial year 
results are total combined expenses of management are in the range of 21.20%. So that gives 
us substantial ground for incentivizing our intermediaries to bring us the healthy proportion of 
the motor business as also the health business and which will we expect improve overall 
incurred claim ratio. Of course, the ICR is higher and when the combined ratio of the 
organization is high, it will put the brakes in making payments for additional expenses of 
management, but we do expect that giving the attractive expenses of management in the right 
segments will attract the right kind of business also, which will improve the ICR and overall 
improve the combined. I hope that answers your question. 
Yes, madam, very much. With respect to fire, there has been a price correction in the primary 
market that is happening at the same time, at least domestic reinsurer indicates that they have 
ensured that the prices go up or the reinsurance cost has gone up in the fire segment. So, from 
the primary sales perspective, what would be the growth outlook? Do you see price correction 
happening? What would be the impact on growth? On loss ratio, what would be the impact 
because the reinsurer also has indicated that the reinsurance price has gone up? Your 
comments on that please? 
We have seen the reinsurance market globally hardening and maybe it's going up and I think 
all insurers have paid substantial increase in their reinsurance premium outgoes in the current 
year. And so, yes, this will have an impact on the kind of discounts that many of the insurers 
were giving to their clients. But New India has actually moved to a risk-basedoccupanty specific 
pricing even in property category. We have been grouping them into risk category based on our-
experience. And even earlier, we had not shied away from charging rates significantly higher 
than what IID rates were, the rest of the market was charging wherever we felt that it was 
	warranted-due-to-the adverse claimc experiencein a  particular  segment or a cuih segment..So, 	 
this underwriting philosophy will continue and wherever the claims experience is favorable, we 
will be able to offer better terms and prices; where it is unfavorable, we will have to also harden 
our rate in line with the reinsurance market. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
Sir, my question is regarding what is our targeted combined ratio for FY24as well as for FY25? 
Arjun: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Neerja Kapur: 
We are targeting a reduction in combined ratio by at least 5 percentage points every year. This 
year, 5% and the next year also further 5%, of course depending upon what I-say-here would 
depend on the market realities and situation. But that that is our target for this year and the 
next year. 

And ma'am, regarding the ROE point, so when we say we are looking to increase the ROE, could 
you like quantify at what targeted ROEs do we have in like next 2-3 years or anything? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Our CFO, Mr. Titus, will take that question. 
Titus Francis: 
As of now, we understand that ROE is slightly on the lower side. So going forward, we aim to be 
in the double digits. So slowly, we aim to get there 1 step at a time. So, in fact, our first step is 
that we should bring it up to at least 10 and then bring it to 12 and so on. So initially, we will 
try to slowly get to 10. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Vinod Aggarwal, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Our bancassurance business is only about 1% of our total distribution. How do you plan to grow 
this? And our margin guidance for the next fiscal year, where do you see the growth coming 
from, which segment, fire or OD, vehicle insurance, which segments would the margin guidance 
come from for the next fiscal year? 
I'll answer your first question. Regarding bancassurance, yes, the business that we get from the 
bancassurance segment is very, very nominal. It's around 1% and we are making efforts to 
improve this particular segment. We have current bancassurance tie ups with a few large banks 
like Canada Bank, I DBI, Central Bank, Punjab & Sind Bank and Axis bank. Civil. Very recently, the 
tie up with Axis Bank. And we also have the large number of cooperative banks which are 
regional centers. Also in our recent restructuring, we have carved out a lot of positions for 
strengthening our marketing for the bancassurance sector and we expect that this particular 
segment will grow quite healthily in this particular year and going forward in the coming years 
also. 
Your second question was, which line of business we expect growth from? We are seeing good 
growth coming from the health and the motor segments. These are the 2 dominant sectors 
currently in the insurance sector and we will also be focusing on these. Along with the other 
lines, we are also focusing on our property, casualty sector, liability sector. But these 2 are the 
ones which have the predominant growth potential. 
Vinod Aggarwal: 	
One more question, ma'am. What is the contribution from the corporate client and the retail 
client percentage wise of the total premium that we receive? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Around 40% from our corporate sector and about 60% is from the retail segment. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from lnvestec. Please go ahead. 

Nidhesh: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Firstly, in the motor segment, the expense of management has been implemented from 1st of 
April. So, have we started seeing any change in market conduct already in terms of market 
payout or we hope that we will see those in future? 
Right now, no, we are not seeing any particular impact of EOM on this segment because IR DAI 
is in the process of consulting various insurers and bringing in certain guidelines in this 
particular segment. A lot of discussions have happened with the insurers, with the 
intermediaries and with the MISPs and with the dealers. So, the regulator has to take the final 
call. We are awaiting final guidelines on this. 
Nidhesh: 	
Secondly, our motor own damage loss ratio for the last year is 110% and combined ratio will be 
higher than that. So how are we looking at this segment? And if we are talking about increasing 
growth in this segment, will not that be profit deteriorating. 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, I did mention earlier that the motor OD segment, the own damage segment, yes, it is above 
100% and we are taking steps to bring down the ICR there. But we do not look at this motor OD 
in isolation. We look at the entire motor book holistically, a combination of both the own 
damage as well as a third-party premium. For instance, a new vehicle, when it is a new private 
car, for instance, when it is purchased by anybody and they take the insurance, they pay, 1-year 
OD premium and 3 years TP premium at one go. So that third-party premium is the one which 
is actually the cushion for the OD segment because they're getting the 3 years third party 
premium at one go and that acts as a buffer for the Edwards claim ratio of OD. Of course, we're 
trying to improve the ICR and the ID segment and we are taking a lot of steps there. 
And what will be the quantum of advanced premium as of March 23? 
It is Rs. 907 crore. 
And lastly, in the in the corporate lines of business, I think you have also briefly mentioned 
about the insurance rate hardening and market pricing changing. So how do you see the impact 
on the profitability in the corporate lines in Fy24 versus FY23? 
Nidhesh: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Nidhesh: 
Titus Francis: 	
Can you repeat the question, please? 
Nidhesh: 	
How do you see the profitability of commercial lines moving in FY24 versus FY23 given that 
	
 reinsurance rates are hardening and pricing methodology is also changing? 	
 

Neerja Kapur: 
Nidhesh: 
Titus Francis: 
So, what we do see is at least our corporate clients, not just the corporate clients, the entire 
sub-segments of retail clients as well as the difference occupancies. But predominantly, the 
corporate clients, the entire portfolio has looked at in a holistic manner and their claims 
experience are not just 1 year is taken into consideration because you could have 1 bad year 
and you could have 5 good years and 1 bad year or 10 good years and 1 bad year. So, we look 
at the claims experience of the customer for a certain period, 5 to 7 years or 7 to 10 years in 
case of larger clients. And based on that experience, the pricing is done. Of course, the 
reinsurance price will have an impact for a very large corporate client, but then we have to 
remember that the net retention of New India is also quite high. So, we take both into 
consideration, the net retention, our own capacity as well as the reinsurance pricing for what 
exceeds our capacity. And then the combined rate is worked out for the client. 
And lastly, have you done any restructuring in terms of operating cost, employee cost, because 
I think in last couple of years, we have seen sharp increase in pension. Because of pension, we 
have seen sharp increase in employee costs in one off the year. So are we planning any 
restructuring there? 
The restructuring is happening in the offices, in the sense that the 3 tier or the 4th tier structure 
has been made as a 3 tier structure. So in that sense, there is a restructuring happening, but in 
the sense of the employee cost, in fact, there is a lot of retirement every year. So you will find 
that going forward there this pension cost will come down to a great extent. So as of now, we 
feel that we may not be having such a great impact on the salary cost as compared to earlier 
years. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Mahendra Chauhan from Capital Market. Please go ahead. 
Mahendra Chauhan: 	
First of all, my first question is historically, the crop division has been a volatile segment. What 
is the management strategy going forward? 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, the crop sector, like you have said, it is a very volatile segment and this is one in our sector 
which we had stepped into sometime in  2015, '16 and  '17, '18, and we actually burnt our fingers 
there. So, we took the decision since we are not a specialist in this particular sector, we do not 
have adequate experience in the sector, so we decided to leave it to the expert, which is 
Agricultural Corporation of India. And so, we are right now not on our own venturing into this 
sector. If there is any good coinsurance coming from AIC, we will probably consider it 	
last 
year itself, our crop segment premium has been reduced by nearly Rs. 900 crore because of the 
decision we have taken to not participate in the segment for last year. 

Mahendra Chauhan: 	
The second question is, what is the quantum of gains that you have booked on your equity 
investments? Realized gains that you have booked in FY23? 
Titus Francis: 	
This is Titus here. So, we have booked Rs. 6,105 crore as profit on sale on equity current year. 
Mahendra Chauhan: 	
The third question being the incurred claim ratio for every segment except the motor has seen 
an improvement. Could you please throw some light on why there has been an increase in ICR? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
You're talking of increase in ICR in the motor segment, right? 
Mahendra Chauhan: 	
Yes. 
Neerja Kapur: 	
So yes, we have seen a healthy improvement in all the sectors. Motor own damage was one 
particular segment where like we mentioned till last year, we did not have the facility or the 
advantage of making any expenses of management payment and so like I mentioned, the level 
playing field has only happened from this financial year. Till last year, we were not in an 
advantageous position and we were not able to despite good pricing, despite reaching out to 
the entirely different corners of the country and reaching out to different dealers across the 
country, we were not able to get the best class of business. And to that extent, we did get a 
little more of standalone OD premium, that is own damage premium and we did not get the 
right mix of third party as well as own damaged premium. So, we are seeing a correction this 
year and that was the main reason why our claim ratio was it was in the last year as regards 
motor on damage. 
The next question is from the line of Arjun from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Ma'am, can you give the split between domestic and overseas combined ratio? 
Yes. Just give me a second. So globally, our combined ratio was 117.15, also with the Indian was 
118.03 and from the foreign segment, our offices in the foreign segment it was 108.8. 
Moderator: 
Arjun: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Arjun: 
Titus Francis: 
Moderator: 
With respect to wage revision, has it been completely observed or there will be subsequent any 
other recognition that we would be doing this year? 
Now actually, we have already observed the entire wage revision impact in current year. So 
there won't be any additional impact in this year. 
The next question is from the line of Kaushik Bajaj, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

Kaushik Bajaj: 
Neerja Kapur: 
My first question is, what are the management's plan to further expand its global footprint? 
Are you planning to open any international branches going forward? 
Thanks for the question. And we have a number of branches and offices in nearly 25 countries 
across the globe. And as of now, we are trying to strengthen each and every office of our New 
India, in whichever country it is. We have to remember that in each country, we have to not 
only comply with the regulations of IRDAI since it's New India Assurance Company. We also 
have to comply with the regulations of the foreign country, which can be quite a tough task. So, 
at present, we may not be thinking of opening any new branches maybe at least a year or 2, 
but we are strengthening all our branches across the globe. 
Kaushik Bajaj: 	
And my second question is, could you please provide the business contribution between 
corporate and retail clients? 
Neerja Kapur: 
Kaushik Bajaj: 
Neerja Kapur: 
I think we already mentioned this earlier. Our corporate business segment is about 40% of our 
overall premium and 60% comes from the retail segment. 
And my last question is, where do you anticipate future potential in your business segment and 
what plan do you have in place to capitalize on it? 
We expect to grow heavily in each of our line of business, but we expect since the industrial 
growth is happening in the motor and health segments, we expect these to grow more. Also, 
we are expecting a growth in the property and casualty segment because of the infrastructure 
development which is happening in India and the push which the Government of India is giving 
in these segments, so we expect to see a growth in all these. We would expect a growth of 
about 10% to 12% in this financial year. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from the line of Rahul, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 	
My question is that we are saying that we are the market leaders in non-life segment, but it's 
been observed that from last 5 years the percentage has dipped. So, as compared to other 
PSUs, the dip percentage for New India assurance was very less. Still, our market share has not 
increased. And with more and more competition coming up, especially IRDAI is giving license 
to other insurance companies also. So, what steps we are taking to make sure that we remain 
on top and we do not lose our business, especially to the private players? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Our focus has been and will be always not just to grow the top line, but also to grow the bottom 
line. So, we cannot grow on the top line at the cost of the bottom line, that has been our 

philosophy. And last year, I mentioned in my opening remarks, we took a conscious decision to 
let go off some certain segments and sub-segments where we were finding that the claim ratio 
was highly adverse. For instance, in group medical insurance, we found that some of the policies 
over a period of quite a few years, they were giving us extremely high claim ratio. So, we 
decided to let go off those. So that itself was a premium of about Rs. 800 crore, which we let 
go. That led us to actually show an improvement in the performance of the health segment. 
Also, we mentioned earlier that the crop segment was also not performing very well as far as 
New India's performance was going. So, that is another segment about Rs. 900 crore, which we 
had consciously taken a decision not to renew. There was another segment of Pradhan Mantri 
Yojana about nearly Rs. 800 crore premium, which had covered the COVID warriors, that was a 
special policy which we had issued through the Government of India to cover all the COVID 
warriors across the country. So, that was another policy post the pandemic, which did not get 
renewed. So, if you take these 3 last segments, you will see that that is one of the reasons why 
our growth was not substantial last year because of these 3 segments, which we consciously 
took a decision not to continue. 
Rahul: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Rahul: 
Noted. Just want to add 1 observation here. So, what we are doing to increase our visibility and 
to penetrate more, especially the youth? Because the youth, they don't care more about New 
India Assurance, NIACL. Only limited, if I ask 10 people, 10 youth, only 2 or 3 people are aware 
of who is NIACL. What are we doing to increase our visibility so that everybody, even a child or 
even a teenager knows that yes, there is a company called NIACL and I need to buy insurance 
from this company? 
So, actually regarding visibility, this is something which in the last few years due to COVID, I 
think that that was one of the reasons there was not much scope for doing any publicity. But 
post that we are we are coming out with quite a few advertisements, et cetera, and we're trying 
to focus on the segments, the publicity segments, which will give us wider publicity at less 
expense. So, we are focusing more on the social media segments and we are also tryingto focus 
on other for instance radios and other media, which would give us more visibility at more 
competitive pricing also. And in this regard actually, we are tying up with the GI Council as a 
General Insurance Council where all the insurers put together will be coming out with combined 
advertisements to inform about the sector, to give more details about the sector and to 
generally create insurance and awareness across the country. 
Before I wrap up, one last question that on 1st of August, Bima Sugam is launching, correct? So 
how you see that that specific application would be a game changer in the insurance industry 
and how much impact or how much benefit NIACL will be? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Definitely, it will be a game changer and that is something which the regulator is promoting in 
a big way. We have been one of the first insurers to give our assent to be part of the promoters 

in Bima Sugam, and we will be actively participating in that. It will be a platform where various 
participants will be on the same platform, the insured, the insurers, the TPAs, the surveyors. 
So, everyone will be on the same platform and the definitely it will afford a lot of visibility as 
well as penetration to all those who are participating on the platform. 
Moderator: 	
Next question is from the line of Rishikesh from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
Titus Francis: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Rishikesh: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Rishikesh: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Moderator: 
My question is that since we have absorbed much of the wage provisions, so there will be no 
wage arrears in FY24. So, do we expect a significant jump in profitability in FY24 given a normal 
situation? 
Though we had the wage arrears impact in FY23, but we could absorb the impact. So, we don't 
foresee any further high impact in FY24. So, although we may not have great profits, but we 
expect to have normal profits in '24, so which we aim to have little more than the current year. 
I will just add to what Mr. Titus has mentioned that it was our endeavor that we do not start 
the next financial year with carry forward from the previous year, additional amount that we 
need to provide for in our books at the very beginning of the new financial year. So, that is the 
reason why we decided to take the entire cost, entire burden of the Rs. 3,000 crore on wage 
revisions and pensions last year itself. 
Also ma'am, with the regarding the retail health, there's one thing mentioned in the PPT that 
the price increases are happening after a gap of 6 years. So, could you like, pinpoint the effective 
date for the price increase or like from which month the price increases have happened? 
So, it's from 1st July, the price increase will happen for the renewals. and new ones already 
started, but for the renewals, we have to give notice to our clients, that is why for the renewals, 
it will be from 1st July, whereas for new policies, it has already started from 1st of April. 
And can you like give any quantum for the price increase if possible? 
It ranges from 20% to 35%, averaging around 25% to 30%. 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Neerja Kapur for 
closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Neerja Kapur: 
Thank you, Faizan. And thank you, Gaurav, from Concept IR for organizing this conference call. 
I would like to thank all the participants again for attending our call, taking time out from their 
very busy schedule and going through our presentation and asking questions. If you have any 

further queries, I would request all of you to please get in touch with us. We would be very 
happy to address them all. Thank you once again. 
Titus Francis: 	
Thank you. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you, Ms. Neerja Kapur, Chairman and Managing Director. On behalf of the The New India 
Assurance Company Limited, we appreciate your participation in today's earnings call. If you 
have any further questions, please send an e-mail to francis.titus@newindia.co.in. Thank you 
for joining us and have a great day. You may kindly disconnect your lines. 
