  
                                                                                                                                                  
 
    August 1, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department  
        Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
        Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
 
 
        Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
                     Mumbai 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001.   
 
 
                     Scrip Code: INDHOTEL 
Scrip Code: 500850 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the IHCL Earnings Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023  
 
Dear Sir, 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the IHCL Earnings Call for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023 held on July 27, 2023. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at:  
  
https://investor.ihcltata.com/files/IHCL_Analyst_Call_Transcript-Q1_FY_2023-24.pdf  
 
                                                                                                                                              
You are requested to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
BEEJAL DESAI 
Executive Vice President 
Corporate Affairs & Company Secretary (Group) 
 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKU
MAR DESAI
Digitally signed by 
BEEJAL 
AKSHAYKUMAR DESAI 
Date: 2023.08.01 
16:05:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“The Indian Hotels Company Limited Q1 FY2023-24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNEET CHHATWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, THE INDIAN HOTELS 
COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. GIRIDHAR SANJEEVI – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, THE 
INDIAN HOTELS COMPANY LIMITED 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Indian Hotels Company Limited Earnings 
Conference Call for Q1 FY2023-24. 
On the call we have with us Mr. Puneet Chhatwal - Managing Director and CEO, IHCL; and 
Mr. Giridhar Sanjeevi - EVP and CFO, IHCL.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the management commentary. Should you need assistance during 
this conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Chhatwal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining our global conference call for Q1 ‘23-24. 
To begin with, we are extremely delighted to inform you that Taj has once again been recognized 
as India’s strongest brand across all sectors for the third time by Brand Finance in last four years. 
This achievement is a testament to our commitment to excellence, customer centricity and 
innovation. We are grateful to all our patrons and our colleagues who have made this possible. 
Also, Rambagh Palace, Jaipur has been rated by TripAdvisor as the world’s number one hotel 
in the 2023 Travelers Choice Awards. On this call, I would like to just present to us seven key 
takeaways from the quarter that has gone by. 
So, let me start with the macro on the India story being the number one. As you all must have 
read IMF has recently raised India’s growth forecast from 5.9% to 6.1% citing robust growth, 
driven by domestic investment, India’s per capita GDP is expected to more than double in the 
next 10 years, leading to a surge in disposable income driving higher discretionary spends, which 
will directly benefit the travel and tourism sector. The government’s focus on developing 
infrastructure and destinations and mission mode is yet another key positive for our industry. 
With more than 80 new airports expected in the next five years connectivity and thus tourism is 
bound to significantly improve. Hospitality up cycle continues with hotel demand growth 
continuing to outpace supply. And we believe that this is a trend that is going to stay with us at 
least for a few more years. Indian Hotels with industry leading growth, profitability, balance 
sheet strength and brand scape is well positioned to benefit from the macro and industry 
tailwinds.  
On the number two takeaway, Indian Hotels delivers best ever Q1, we are very pleased to share 
that our record performance has continued in Q1, making this the fifth consecutive quarter our 
best ever performance for IHCL. Our consolidated revenue grew 17% year-on-year to 1516 
crores, we always report as a listed company our consolidated we don’t report like other global 
majors’ system wide or what you call enterprise revenue if we had to say that then the growth 
would be North of 20%. EBITDA growth 13% year-on-year to Rs.459 crore, yielding EBITDA 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
margin of 30.3%. More importantly, our PAT grew by 31% to 222 crores, we delivered robust 
performance across all our brands, and demonstrated RevPAR growth year-on-year across our 
brands in the 15% to 16% range.  
The third key takeaway for us is our portfolio growth. Our growth momentum continued during 
the quarter. In Q1 23-24 we signed 11 new hotels and opened five new hotels. Of the 11 hotels 
signed almost seven are conversions or brownfields so that you can expect these to open within 
a period of a maximum of 24 months. Our endeavor to maintain the space as well as the guidance 
that we have given, opening +20 hotels in this financial year 23-24 stays as communicated in 
the past during our capital market day. We continue to envelope India and are present in (+125) 
locations across 31 states and union territories. Our diverse brand scape enables us to be present 
in every geography, in every segment and at every price point, thus giving us greater degrees of 
freedom, as well as resilience.  
The fourth point that I want to take up one of the favorites of my colleague, Giridhar Sanjeevi, 
CFO, is the diversification of top line with our new brands and businesses, as well as our asset 
light growth, we are embarked on a journey of diversification of top line. Our asset light 
businesses have doubled in top line from pre-COVID times and we remain focused on scaling 
up the new brands, Taj SATS, has been a great success story for us. The company has recorded 
its best ever Q1 performance, with revenues of 205 crores and industry leading EBITDA margin 
of close to 25% which comes on the back of 10 percentage point margin expansion over the last 
year. With 59% market share Taj SATS continues to lead the Indian airline catering segment 
which we also call hospitality in the skies. Our Qmin or amã brands have established a stronger 
customer connect and continue to scale up and as communicated on various occasions in the past 
this year, we are going to put a lot of emphasis in scaling up these businesses and we expect that 
trend to continue over the next year also.  
Ginger’s Enterprise revenue crossed 100 crores in Q1 this is also the first time and the Lean 
Luxe journey of Ginger is yielding results. With a proven and profitable business model Ginger 
is very well geared to scale up at a fast pace. And we maintain our guidance of opening the 
flagship Ginger in Santacruz in this calendar year, so the expectation is anywhere between 1st 
October to 1st of November depending on how long the rains and the monsoon period lasts. And 
we are very much looking forward to opening this property for our portfolio.  
Number five is our investment in our brands, assets and capabilities. In line with our objective 
of long-term value creation for all stakeholders as I just now said, we continue to invest in our 
brands, assets and capabilities. To aid the Lean Luxe journey of Ginger we are investing in the 
renovation of seven hotels, which will take the Lean Luxe portfolio to 70% from the total 
portfolio by the end of this financial year. We have launched J Wellness Circle, which used to 
be previously called Jiva. As our holistic wellness brand and the reimagined value proposition 
aims to capitalize on the wellness mega trend. They have also reimagined and scaled up our food 
and beverage brands. Examples include House of Ming in St. James Court in London, Rigs in 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Taj Mahal Hotel, New Delhi and we are also reimagining our Taj Club proposition. In addition 
to brand building, we continue to invest in our assets which will result in not like-for-like growth. 
We have multiple hotels coming back online post renovations, including Taj Mahal, New Delhi 
which has been fully renovated or let’s say 95% renovated a part of the facade and one outlet is 
left and this is also happened actually in early May. So, April was not the case, we got the rooms 
inventory back in the month of May. And then we would have fully renovated Taj Usha Kiran 
Palace in Gwalior which will formally open in the second half of this year. As I already 
mentioned, the Ginger Hotel at Mumbai Santacruz will open also in the third quarter of this 
financial year and we are taking various asset management initiatives in Taj West End which 
will further augment not like-for-like revenues. 
Our new spa in Lands End with another pool and at the roof should open within the next one 
week. And the new chambers as a heritage block will open in Taj West End. Our food and 
beverage brand Loya will open its second destination also in Taj West End in the next three to 
four weeks. All this should further augment the not like-for-like revenues. Simultaneously we 
continue to build capabilities. I said brands, assets and capabilities. So, simultaneously we build 
capabilities to drive direct to customer business. Tata Neu has now become a strong pillar when 
it comes to customer loyalty with total member base of 4.6 million  and 3x growth in active 
members since the program went live in April 2022. Our direct to customer contribution stood 
at a healthy 70% in Q1 23-24. 
With that I come to point number six or the six key takeaway that we have had to inform because 
of the LODR is the Pamodzi and Frankford transactions. I would like to highlight here that we 
have not signed or acquired either any asset or signed a contract for a lease. But under the new 
obligations which have come into force since 15th of July are in principle agreement with at the 
board level makes it mandatory on us to declare and that’s a declaration we have given. We will 
advise as and when we would be finalizing these deals and if they at all get finalized, but yes is 
the preliminary step towards getting these done. Also, I would like to highlight that Pamodzi is 
a hotel that is managed by us for almost four decades and we know and understand the P&L and 
the value proposition of this hotel quite well.  
Finally, Paathya our ESG Plus program recently completed one year and we have achieved 
significant milestone so far with our core ethos of doing business the responsible way. We are 
on track to deliver our 2030 ESG targets. Finally, we continue to stay focused on executing our 
Ahvaan 2025 strategy. Thank you so much for your attention and we now open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, in Q1 occupancy a 74.7 it seems we are in the peak season and we have seen in the past pre-
pandemic 75% occupancy always comes in the Q3 and Q4. So, can you talk about the kind of 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
demand momentum we have in the current quarter and the coming quarter, what is the level of 
occupancy we can see in Q3 and Q4? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Sumant, good evening thank you. We are seeing very good momentum including in the month 
of July till date, I would not like to make what occupancy level we will reach, all I can say is in 
light of the demand outpacing supply, which was one of the key takeaway I mentioned. And 
further demand boosting factors like G20, like B20, like Miss World Beauty Contests, like World 
Cup Cricket, and the expectation in general of the tourism sector that the international inbound 
arrivals will start slowly getting closer to the pre-COVID level. It’s been far behind that level. 
As of October, and November, we do believe that occupancy should stay stable and the rates 
should not only hold actually even increase further in the months that will come and as you 
yourself said that this kind of figures we were used to more in Q3. There is a general change in 
the hospitality landscape, in the thinking also of the travelers and India slowly becoming more 
a 365 days destination then a destination from October to March that was the traditional way of 
looking at it. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. Now coming to other expense side, it has increased significantly and can you talk about 
when we compare to Q4 or maybe the previous year same quarter what are the key changes, 
what are the key cost component we have seen a higher increase and is this momentum is going 
to be there for the coming quarter also, the other expense side and also employee cost side, any 
other accession item also in this other expense? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Sumant as we said during the capital market day, when people wanted us to the questions that 
came were asked always on the guidance on the margin. I would like to go back to that and said 
the management said we rather increase the top line and have a 33% under Ahvaan 2025 of a 
larger top line and having increased the top line on an enterprise level as I mentioned to North 
of 20 because, our management fee business is rapidly scaling up. But not all of that benefit 
comes when we report consolidated and at the same time we are also on a consolidated basis 
saying a 17% increase in revenue and getting us cross 1500 crores of consolidated revenue in 
first quarter which never happened in the history already last year was the highest and this year 
is even beaten that by 17%. I think we are in a very good space and with all the factors that I 
mentioned before, unless there is a black swan event anything that is beyond the reasonable 
control of the sector of Indian Hotels, we don’t see any reason why this buoyancy should change. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Prateek Kumar from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Question was so, occupancies during this quarter both had domestic enterprise level as well as 
standalone level as we see and like largely stable and very strong. But the pricing for the reasons 
of seasonality probably has slipped by 20% to 25%, but while we understand the seasonality is 
both in occupancy and pricing, but normally this is because the occupancies have remained 
stable why should the pricing drop by such a sharp number on a Q-on-Q basis? 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
You’re looking sequential and not comparing the same quarter last year. Because if you were to 
compare the same quarter last year, there is a double-digit growth in the average room rate. And 
the stronger brands in our portfolio have up to 15%, 16% so room revenue has definitely 
increased, the total room revenue has increased by 15% to 16%. And it’s largely driven by the 
average room rate. But if you compare Q4 with Q1 that’s, or Q3 with Q1 that will not work 
because the pricing power is the highest in Q3, second highest in Q4 and third highest in Q1. 
Although this year, it is quite possible that Q2 would also be very buoyant because of these one-
off events which start peaking in the month of middle of August going into September. So, we 
should not compare Q3 or Q4 with the Q1 and Q2, we should only compare Q1 with Q1 of last 
year. So, if I look at the Taj brand, the average rate increase versus Q1 of last year is 10%. The 
average rate increase in SeleQtions and Vivanta combined is 17%. And the RevPAR increase in 
all these three major brands is for all four is 15%, 16%. So, 15% for Taj, 16% for SeleQtions 
and Vivanta and 15% for Ginger. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Right, I understand sir. But my question was like, it’s been used by industry to induce demand, 
is that the case because the demand is otherwise remaining stable why should the, again.  
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Prateek, the change is what kind of business you are getting, the different quality of business 
that comes in the month of November and December, it is much higher paying, whether it’s 
because of Christmas, or it is because of New Year, or it is because of some special weddings. 
Now, because that’s the time you have those especially on the Hindu calendar the dates for the 
weddings, that’s a very different level of business, whether it’s for us or it’s for buying jewelry, 
or it’s for other disposable income or consumption, I would call it in general is a very different 
level. And this year, some of those dates have been missing in the first quarter. 
Prateek Kumar: 
All right, that makes sense. And just a follow up question on, like you added for like higher than 
double digit. Sir I was asking, in the analyst day we talked about a double-digit kind of RevPAR 
growth for FY24 maybe a low double digit would we maintain that in terms of expectation for 
FY24? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
I think so, because if you see what we’ve always guided, is that in the month of, as we guided 
in the capital market day, the RevPAR increase in this quarter has been about 11% and if you 
see what happens in Q2, we have the G20 starting in September so we expect you to also to 
show good performance, and thereafter we have the G20, the World Cup and all of those coming 
through. And historically, we’ve always seen between Q2 to Q3, there’s been about a 30% 
increase in terms of how the RevPAR moves. So, I don’t see a reason why the rates should not 
go up. And so, it is totally possible that the RevPAR growth will be a double-digit growth 
actually. 
Puneet Chhatwal:  
Also important for us Prateek, is we are a high growth company today when hotels open, then 
you don’t achieve the same amount of RevPAR as you have with stabilized properties. So, we 
have opened five hotels now, last year we opened 13, we expect to open 20 so as a high growth 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
company it will dilute a bit. So, you have to look at it as a like-for-like and a not like-for-like 
growth. So, maybe we will also as of next time start giving, we have it on the presentation you 
can see on the like-for-like it is 12%. So, which proves which is Slide #54 on the presentation. 
So, you can take figures from there, which is higher than the reported RevPAR growth so this is 
proof of what I just now said. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Right. And my last question on your other cost as percentage of revenue in your presentation 
you have highlighted two third of increases is variable and mentioned few items like license 
fees, storage and supplies and number as a percentage has gone from 26.9 to 28.5 on an year-
on-year basis. So, anything here, just to understand this better so percentage increase why is this 
inflation particularly been here? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Some is inflation, but some is again in line with guidance with our capital market day, we are 
doing more marketing activities especially with new businesses, both on the personnel side, we 
have created a new team for new businesses and we will be aggressively marketing these 
businesses going forward we have started with that already now. And it’s the right thing to do 
that’s what we said in capital market day that we have to look at these businesses in three years 
from now, five years from now. And maybe 10 years from now what is the potential and as you 
have all seen yourself look at the journey of Ginger where it was and where it is now. And where 
it is going with the opening of just let’s say just one Santacruz is going to change a lot. So, 
continuous investment in these new business is important and then we set Qminazation of 
Ginger, which means every Ginger will slowly get an all-day dining, and we are already at a 
score of 20. All day dining, which is called Qmin, so that these brands complement each other. 
And a lot of those costs, whether we renovate or we do is not all capital expense, it’s also other 
expenses, repairs and maintenance expense, whether you are painting a wall, you cannot 
capitalize the paint. So, there are such examples where we think it’s the right thing to do, and 
it’s the right time to do so that we are very well positioned from a hardware, software’s and 
people ware perspective to take these brands, scale up these brands to the next level. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
My first question is about the industry supply growth of 6.7%, as we discussed in the capital 
market day, I am not sure if it is possible for you to sort of break it into the greenfield, brownfield 
and the conversion. Also, also not too sure if you can please break it into the further category 
wise like what was the growth in super luxury category, luxury category, extra. That is year first 
question please. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
So, we’ll have to call some industry consulting specialist, because they track the industry wide 
data, we can only give you from our own perspective on how our pipeline looks like for example 
as I just said in my opening remarks that out of the 11 contracts signed in the first quarter seven 
would definitely open within the next two years. And then I can tell you under which brands 
they would open, but it’s very difficult, we don’t track the entire sector. All I can say to you is 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
what I’ve heard from some of these big consulting groups specialists specializing in hospitality 
is 50% of the pipeline is not in the top 10 hotel cities for India’s or top 10 metros of India which 
are important for the hotel sector, a lot of this supply is coming from Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. 
And if you have the number, this statement was made today to me by Mr. Thakar of Haworth, 
please feel free to contact him. And I’ve taken his permission to use his name. So, you can call 
him and he is compiling this data. But there are others also, other consulting groups, they will 
give you similar story, there is another one who came out with a monthly newsletter on what’s 
happening. So, they come out every month on it, but we as Indian Hotels will not keep track of 
the entire hotel supply in India. 
Achal Kumar: 
Sure, that’s fine. That’s really fair. My other question was, what kind of not sure if you can 
disclose sort of the kind of contribution from G20 meetings in this quarter and have you got 
some kind of advance bookings or at least the discussion with the ICC regarding the booking for 
the Word Cup yet. Any thoughts, any color on that please? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
ICC, I would not say anything, because there’s a lot of things going on. In the newspaper people 
writing, I don’t know whatever they are writing. What I will say is that, what is very good for 
the country, what is very good for our sector, and what is very good for Indian Hotels is that we 
are having these two major events happening and they are definitely boosting demand whether 
in Q1 or Q2, this is not just the G20 there is also a B20 then there was a tourism summit in Q1 
in Goa of the B20, so there is a lot of activity which is happening and not restricted to just the 
big G20 under that there are many other things that are taking place and it is driving demand, 
and it is driving the positioning of India from a tourism perspective and all these pictures are 
showed in the rest of the world. So, these events should help in marketing India as a destination 
on a longer term and not just this year. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right, fair enough. In terms of Taj SATS, you are at 59% market share, clearly you are a market 
leader there do you have any targets going forward, how far can you go, your EBITDA margin 
24.5% so do you think with that kind of market share, do you think that’s a kind of gap now or 
you can grow further and if yes, what is the best industry, what are the best margins in the air 
catering industry? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
See in airline catering business this is very high margin, this is maybe the highest I’ve seen in 
my career. The reason we are sharing this information is to show that Taj SATS alone in Q1 
performance is doing what possibly traditionally, we would have done, in a month of a quarter 
on EBITDA basis, so as the entire IHCL if you go back 10 years into history. So, from that 
perspective it is nice to see that not just a Taj brand, but also a Ginger or a Taj SATS, everyone 
is contributing towards the journey which we commenced in 2018, where we said we will grow 
our margins by 800 basis points to 25 and then we went to Ahvaan to 33 how each of these 
businesses is contributing. So, it’s the operating leverage in our iconic traditional assets, and the 
fee based business and our share of profitability in businesses like Taj SATS. The combination 
of the whole is creating the sustainable profitable growth that we have guided all of you on. 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
Right. So, you mean you think that this is sustainable and it would grow further? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
If I just build on it Achal, see if you look at the SATS business, what are the drivers of 
profitability so number one is, if you get more international customers in the airlines that’s the 
driver of profitability that’s number one. Number two is that, places like Taj SATS which is lot 
of startup businesses in places like Goa. And these startup businesses have been slow because 
of the pandemic and now they are coming back. This is the second one, third is there are 
synergies that we are trying to develop between SATS and the Taj our hotels in terms of supply 
of basics, is the third one. The fourth is the entire non-airline business which is getting developed 
actually. And the fifth I would say is that the concept is changing internationally in terms of 
central kitchens which kind of go to sort of supply cooked food like a biryani as an example to 
the different kitchens, which has just been reprocessed before supply chain. So, these are all 
things which are anyway happening in industry, and also of course the entire areas of synergies 
with Air India and Vistara and all of those coming in, to be honest actually. And so there is a 
number of trends, which look very positive for the airline sector actually, for the air catering. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Add to it, non-aviation catering, a lot of institutional catering is an opportunity. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. Fair enough. Next question is about Slide #14. So, that attracted me quite, it looks very 
interesting what exactly, what message are you giving on Slide #14, for example ARRs are up 
sharply in your Taj and SeleQtions brand and occupancy level also up while the growth was 
slightly lower in Ginger. Does that indicate that ARR occupancy levels were low Q1 last year 
and hence the sharp increase in this or do you think there has been a shift in the passengers, in 
the customer space choice and they are ready to pay higher for even? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
I will give you, I understood your question Achal sorry to interrupt you. But, when we had this 
quarters last year, every quarter people said it’s pent up demand. The message we are giving is, 
if that was pent up demand is still is a little bit pent up because it’s still going up. And we always 
said that the best is yet to come, we’re still in the luxury sector. I was talking to someone 
yesterday, our iconic assets, average rates are maybe 10% to 20% of rates in Paris or London, 
or New York or Boston. You can go online and verify it. So, we provide better service, we have 
better quality assets we may never have 1:1, we may never get to 100% of those rates, but we 
should have the ability to charge 30%, 40%, 50% and we’re not even at 10%, 20%. So, that is 
the, the messaging here is that there is still a way up and Ginger is a bit tweak because I just 
know mentioned that we are converting almost 70% of our portfolio we will get into Leak Luxe. 
So, when rooms are out of order, it has an impact on both occupancy as well as the rate. But as 
and when they keep finishing, we will keep seeing this growth, although there is still a strong 
growth on RevPAR.  

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Achal Kumar: 
Alright. My final question is about Ginger. How do you compare your Ginger brand alone versus 
Lemon Tree Hotels? Do you think you can reach Lemon Tree; your Ginger can reach Lemon 
Tree. So, how do you compare yourself with Lemon Tree? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
It depends, Lemon Tree is positioned a bit higher than Ginger. And it’s not appropriate for me 
to talk about another listed company on our call, all I can say is that Ginger growth is going to 
be something which you should all watch and see. And, last year was a good proof of it. And 
going forward we are very excited with the opening of Ginger Santacruz which should 
revolutionize this kind of positioning of the brand from budget or cheap, how it started at Rs.999 
to a smart property or a Lean Luxury kind of a property and very kind of a happening place with 
the Qmin all day dining. So, that’s the journey we commenced on embarked on. We are almost 
hopeful by end of this year to get 70% into it in our total portfolio. And hopefully by the end of 
next year 100% and then let’s see what the results show.  
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
And it’s a perfect brand Achal in terms of the overall growth in the economy and the 
consumption, because the mass travel, Ginger will benefit from the mass travel. And so we are 
quite excited on Ginger actually. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aishwarya Agrawal from Nippon India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aishwarya Agrawal: 
Just want to understand the challenges associated with the ramp up in the managed room. So, 
we are going to add up more than 1000 rooms every year, even more than that. So, where do 
you see the challenges, is it an easy thing and about the profitability on a per room basis and 
how that profitability can be improved? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
No, as far as the managed property growth is concerned they will continue to happen. And as 
we have said, we’ve already signed about 11 contracts in this quarter and open five hotels. So, 
we will be planning to open about 20 hotels. So, we don’t see a challenge in terms of signing 
new contracts. I would sort of say that do not look at it in terms of managed fee for room. Because 
it’s coming across different brands, you need to look at we have given details brand wise split 
in terms of how the rooms are opening. So, management fee per room is probably not the way 
to look at it because it’s not in a single brand. If this is something if you want more details, we 
can talk offline in terms of talking about it. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
At a higher level we can say versus a couple of years ago our management fee income total is 
going up by 2.5x. It used to be around 215 crores and even in Q1 FY20 the management fee was 
47 crores and in Q1 FY24 it’s gone to 98 which is more than double, that’s something which we 
are very pleased about and as we said Q1 and Q2 are not the strongest quarters as Q3 and Q4. 
So, if you look at it that way, it should increase by 2.5x versus two, three years ago. 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Aishwarya Agrawal: 
So, in this context, what potential it stops us to ramp up even faster, these kind of rooms where 
you have the strong cash flows and no capital investments? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Well, nothing stops us if we would have gone faster but there was a lockdown and there were 
construction stops and there was bad weather in Delhi with mandatory stops were there and then 
obviously people who are investing may not have been only hotel investors, they may have had 
other businesses which were impacted. So, there is some delay, but we are giving a guidance of 
20 hotels a year in opening, it’s more than like 1.6 Hotels a month. So, we have to also see the 
company never did more than one hotel a year or maximum two in its history till five years ago. 
So, that’s almost a 10x increase. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalin from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shalin: 
So, buying hotel in Zambia and taking another one on lease in Germany, are we thinking about 
expanding internationally, what’s the thought process? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Yes, so Shalin in the Q1, we signed two management contracts in Dhaka one for Taj and one for 
Vivanta. Vivanta is only for Indian subcontinent. So, very much in line with our strategy. Having 
strong presence with Taj brand in Indian subcontinent has been a part of our strategy. Pamodzi 
is just like we acquired at that time 100% shareholding in Cape Town which we were managing, 
which is turned very beneficial to us and we have paid down the debt and it was a US dollar 
debt. And we were having mark to market issues. So, now it has become profitable, we feel a 
similar opportunity exists with Pamodzi where we also have a management contract, we don’t 
have a shareholding. And these are in principle approval, we know the property inside out every 
wall, every bathroom every this thing because as I said, almost four decades, we have been 
running that property, we are very well established with that. And it’s always a question at what 
terms you agreed to things and we have in principle agreement to explore that. And we are in 
the process of doing so on. On Frankfurt, we always guided yourself and everybody else that we 
are not going to do single asset acquisitions worth $50, $100 million elsewhere in the world. 
That is not a part of our strategy and we want to stay true to that. The institutional capital 
available in Europe comes at a very different yield, at 5%, 6%, 7% maximum, and it makes no 
sense to use your own capital, especially if you’re debt free. And that’s why we would enter into 
a lease. If, as I said, if in principle approval actually leads us that far to actually signing an 
agreement. So, we have taken in principle approval, it’s an ideal fit, the asset with our portfolio 
and it’s time that we added a hotel in UK or another part of Europe, and somewhere in Southeast 
Asia, because you cannot be one of the strongest hotel brand in the world or India’s strongest 
brand and miss some of these markets where, almost everyone flies through for a connection to 
US. So, you have Air India flying daily and you have Vistara flying three, four times a week. 
So, there is a lot of opportunity out there. Then a very strong Indian business presence, growing 
presence of Indian businesses in Germany unlike in the past. 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
And the other thing to note Shalin is that a hotel like in Frankfurt is just about 135 rooms. It’s 
not a 500-room property, it’s in a location where Vistara and Air India fly in any case, and Indian 
Embassy, TCS, Europe offices, it’s all there. So, you have a situation where base occupancies 
will come from all of these factors. And it’s a legacy kind of a property perfect for a Taj kind of 
a brand actually. So, it’s not going, it’s not something and it’s not an acquisition, it’s a lease. So, 
hence, it’s kind of well thought through in terms of very low level of investment, and good size 
of property being manageable with good base occupancy. So, that’s the way to look at it actually. 
Shalin: 
No, I completely agree. And I actually do believe that you need to have a network of hotel 
properties, if you really want customers to come back and use it, that’s what actually the Marriott 
does. That’s the right efficiency and the network game they play. But that means that you will 
need to look at more such opportunities in your applied, because that will kind of brand recall, 
not just for the Indians, but even for the foreigners as well. You won’t be able to stop just at 
frankfurt, but you would like to think about maybe something in Switzerland. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Absolutely the Indian thing we said for the base business, you have to have some form of base 
business. And there is enough of that available in Frankfurt or like you said yourself in 
Switzerland, but it will be one step at a time. This is not now that this quarter we announced 
Frankfurt, next quarter of Switzerland, that’s another quarter three is something else, that will 
not be the case, we are taking this step of entering into detailed negotiations after a very long 
time for an asset and we said once we have our home front, our domestic front, absolutely firing 
on all cylinders then we will take selective contracts as opportunity arises. But our focus was, is 
and will remain pan India definitely in the short term. 
Shalin: 
Right. On question Giri, on the cost side. So, we could see some of the cost going up in form of 
employees, as well as some of the other expenses. How should we think about it, it’s largely we 
have reached the base or there is a component of discretionary angle to it because we are kind 
of putting it for other new businesses which may kind of taper off after some time, or you think 
that’s going to be a sustainable cost base for next maybe two, three years at least? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
So, as you saw two, three points here. So, number one is that from a manpower perspective, yes, 
there has been an increase in manpower but if you look at it, between this quarter and last year 
first quarter, last year first quarter the ramp up has not completely happened, because we were 
recovering from COVID norms. So, to that extent, there is a base adjustment which has happened 
between last year, first quarter and this year quarter. But manpower increase also includes for 
instance, some of the wage settlements which have come in. But if you look at some of the 
subsequent slides, where we have given staff to room ratios, the staff to room ratios is still below 
the pre-pandemic level, which means the focus on productivity continuous actually, that is point 
number one. On the other cost, where we have said some two thirds of the increase is largely 
variable costs, which is true, a license fee and NDMC goes up with the rise in revenue as an 
example. So, most of it is actually rising in line with the business actually, and some of the 
discretionary spend, that we will do, some expenses will have to invest ahead, and some 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
expenses we will have to pay as you go. So, some of these will be there, but nothing sort of will 
skew the numbers significantly. It’ll all be managed in a way where the overall cost increases 
are kind of under control. So, that is the way you look at it. There’s nothing which is going to 
be unusual to sort of throw things out of gear actually, nothing at all. And very important thing 
Shalin, productivity is a very important thing. Take corporate overheads as an example. The 
same network now, kind of the same corporate overhead level, are now managing a very big 
network as compared to say, four, five years ago actually. So, productivity focus is very clearly 
there. 
Shalin: 
Understood, fair point. Last bit any color on July, August, adding to you if you want to give? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Its not a question of July, August, basically it is that the outlook remain strong, as I said in my 
comments, which was the comment number one, both India story with the growth in GDP 
corrected upwards as well as the hospitality up cycle continuing with the demand growth, this 
should work well. And domestic consumption global events, as you have said in the press release 
and revival of international arrivals should further boost demand growth in principle because 
that is what it should do. So, don’t see any reason why it should not keep remain strong or keep 
getting stronger than to be the other way around. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sir my first question was, on this international operation process clarify this a lease agreement 
and not a management contract. And just in terms of, say future opportunity that you get, which 
of the two would be the preferred option to expand? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
Also depends on the geography Nihal, for instance in places like Dubai, Bangladesh we prefer 
to take management contracts. In Europe, as Puneet explained there is an institutional ownership 
of what do you say the real estate, and their leasing works better, because as an institutional 
holder, which could be a pension fund, they don’t like to have people on their rolls actually 
unlikely, supposing we have a management contract in India, the people, everything in the rolls 
of the owner. In this case, in Europe with institutional ownership, the lease is a better option. 
And so that’s the way, so it really depends on geography circumstances. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
And cost of capital is very different for these funds. And also, for us, if it works out well in 
management contract, we’re only consolidating management fee. And this way, we get the 
benefit also of the top line, all we have to do is create a design and manage it so efficiently that 
we are also profitable. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Absolutely. Just looking at some of the historical example, even the P&L volatility is something 
that is maybe a little more than what it is to even domestic operation so from that perspective 
you still believe lease is a better option? 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Yes, and no, it depends which countries you talk about. Historical examples may be of countries 
where volatility levels are very high, we have to see countries which are constantly low inflation, 
low interest rate, there the volatility levels are not that dramatic. It might have happened like 
once in 50 years because of a Russia Ukraine war for some time. But generally speaking, this is 
not, these are not countries where you have huge ups and downs. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Okay, sure. The second question was you mentioned about the. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Sorry, and if they have high volatility there would not be a lease, lease markets are the ones 
which have low volatility.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
That is helpful. Mr. Chhatwal, the second question was you mentioned about the events that are 
lined up specific interested in just understanding about the World Cup, why I’m asking that is 
that this time, it obviously comes in part of our peak season. So, is it something that is beneficial 
if we lock up a lot of the rooms, assuming a lot of traveling teams come in there, or how to look 
at this event, because not certain of how it will play out, because unlike the last time it was the 
offseason, this time it’s coming in the peak season for us. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Should help the rates generally speaking, it should help both rates and occupancies not only the 
players have to stay all the people who will travel to watch certain preferred matches, and a lot 
of that is being written about already in the press. It should normally assist, it’s not a derailleur 
it’s an enabler.  
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
We all need businesses from different segments. So, all good, all of this is good actually. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
So, the contracted rooms wouldn’t be at any kind of rate, which was in a way at a significant 
discount at? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
No, Nihal we don’t do these kinds of things. Why would it be at a significantly discounted rate? 
Why you asked this, I’m just trying to understand so, I can give you a more qualified and a 
correct or accurate answer. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Absolutely, where I was coming from was the fact that I believe there are certain associations 
that you would have had signed contract, if rooms are let out say to player but there will be a 
certain discount to what the rates are in the peak season irrespective of the season. So, that is 
where I was coming from, that say given we are the largest brand and if say most of the stay 
happens during the event in most of our properties, it is just that it may take away a lot of the 
lucrative rules which will be available at that time of the year. 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
No, Nihal, What’s happening in Ahmedabad newspaper reports in terms of the Indo Pak match, 
rooms are going at one lakh actually. So, which means you don’t look at it when the demand in 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
general for a match people are traveling actually. So, hence I don’t think these will be great 
overall will not be negative at all. It’ll be very positive actually. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sir firstly earlier this week, the parent company of one of the nearest peers announced their plans 
to demerge the hotel business. In light of this development, and with increased focus by the 
management team of this entity. How should one think about the competition increasing in the 
management contract business and as a result, how should we think about take rates for the 
management contract business is it safe to assume that rates will see some compression? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
No Karan, if you remember that management contract business is a 20-year relationship. When 
we talk about these long-term relationships, people don’t enter into a relationship with a brand. 
Because somebody is offering a 1% cheaper kind of take rate, actually. So, remember that, so 
we don’t anticipate any take rate related challenges at all that’s number one. And number two, 
if you look at the way management contract growth is happening, we have 125 cities in towns. 
And so there is growth all over actually, it is not a winner take all market which kind of leads to 
great compression that you talk about actually, there is enough opportunity for all players to do 
that. We have been leading of course in terms of our agility and the way we are dealing with 
owners. And we expect to continue leading with the 35% market share in terms of what we have 
so that will continue.  
Karan Khanna: 
Sure, thanks for the clarification Giri. Second, talking about your international business. Where 
United overseas continues to lag while St. James London has seen a significant improvement. 
So, what are your expectations from these two businesses in terms of growth and margins. And 
as a follow up Marriott has given RevPAR growth guidance around 6% to 11% for CY23, would 
you expect the same for your international portfolios as well? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
If you look at international portfolio, now two, there things, London obviously has done 
extremely well, and London historically has done well. And it will continue to do well, especially 
with the product changes, and renovations. So, we continue to do all that. So, places like London 
will do very well. As far as the US is concerned. We are currently in two markets, which is New 
York and San Francisco, San Francisco as a city has kind of struggled, as you know from public 
reports, in terms of what’s happening there. And therefore, our property is at this point of time 
being impacted because of this, but it’s one of those key cities in the US. So, we do expect that 
the bottoming out has probably taken place, and therefore that should improve in any case that’s 
a smallish property, historically it’s been about $25 million in terms of top line. Now, if you 
look at New York, New York is a very good market. We have seen rate increases anyway happen 
there. And we continue to, it’s a lease and so overall the US market should do well, both from a 
domestic tourism perspective in US banquet is very strong in our property and the international 
tourists also going, international business and tourists going to peer also benefits and the Indian 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
diaspora also going to the US, they stay with us. So, longer term we are quite happy in terms of 
longer-term recovery, actually. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. So, last two questions from my side on the FTA recovery, in your FY23 annual report, you 
spoke about FTA reaching 80% to 95% of pre-COVID levels in CY23. In that context the 
feedback that we are receiving is that the FTA recovery has been sluggish in June and July. So, 
what are the month-on-month trends you’re seeing in terms of the actual bookings by 
international travelers and the travel agents? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
If you look at the overall mix of international travelers in India, it is still under 20% actually, so 
that is what is currently happening at least from our hotels perspective. But the longer-term 
trends are still very medium and long term trends are very positive, because let’s be very clear 
that the number of international passengers FTAs in India are about 10 million or something like 
that which is nothing. In fact, there was a recent CBRE report, which said that by 2030 it will 
more than double and by 2040 more than double from that level actually, and with all the focus 
in terms of the number of airports, the tourism infrastructure, government own thrust on tourism, 
having all of these very positively actually, the numbers as I said are abysmally low, 10 million 
is absolutely nothing actually. So, FTA thing should come back and second half should see that 
actually. 
Karan Khanna: 
Sure. And finally, if you talk about Slide #54, where you highlighted that Goa and Rajasthan are 
among cities or other states which have seen the lowest ADR growth Y-o-Y, are these 
indications of any softness that you are seeing in the ledger demand because that’s also a 
feedback basically? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
No, See we have always indicated, when people have asked us in terms of growth in ARRs, 
we’ve always indicated that the scope for increase in business ARRs is much higher. Leisure, it 
will go up, but less than proportionately, and that is what we are seeing actually. But also bear 
in mind, the other fact, you should look at it like Rajasthan will not benefit from the FTA who 
are coming in the second half, and FTA should improve that’s number one. And number two, 
places like Goa are also becoming 365 day destinations actually. So, there are some fundamental 
differences in terms of how these markets are panning out. So, what we see a softness in ARRs 
is pretty much in line with our expectations actually. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nikhil Agarwal from VT Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Sir my question was regarding the G20 and the Cricket World Cup again, like any ballpark 
numbers for the full year, what kind of revenue it would generate any percentage of the top line? 

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
That’s not the way to look at it, the way to look at it is that G20, is a platform where there is 
business, which comes in during the conference periods. And there’s business which follows 
actually. So, that’s the way to look at it.  
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir, till now what has been, the response has been really good I believe it’s been generating 
quite a good portion of the revenue right? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
As Giri said, we cannot look at it just like that it creates extraordinary demand, then in normal 
circumstances, that means the occupancies rise when the occupancies rise, your ability to charge 
increases, does not necessarily have to be every event although we have been doing the majority 
of the events for G20 and we will be doing so going forward for B20 also. But even if we were 
not doing an event for some reason, because we were sold out and we didn’t have hall availability 
and the business went elsewhere. That creates high occupancy in another property, that means 
the other competitors or the other peers in the similar market will have the ability to sell the 
rooms that they have to other people who need the rooms at the same time, or who need the hall 
at the same time. And that sort creates in general buoyancy through such events, or it’s a cricket 
or whatever else is happening, we did last year this event, the Christian Dior collection launch 
at the Gateway of India. And the way the Taj Mahal Palace got showcased with all that coverage 
of that event across the globe, you cannot just calculate only on the value of that event. Of course, 
after event party was with us, most of the models and the entire team was staying with us. But 
also it helped our other hotel, which is the President in Mumbai. And it also had other hotels, 
which are not ours from other companies, because we were sorted out. So, these events whether 
they are happening with us or with any of our competitors, or peers or who so ever it is generally 
create very high level of occupancy and the high level of occupancy then starts driving the rates, 
and everybody tends to benefit from it. 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
And one of the comment I’ll make is that you saw yesterday the Prime Minister inaugurating the 
Pragati Maidan, so with Pragati Maidan coming the Reliance Jio Convention Center in BKC, 
India is now getting some really world class, large convention capacity, which will help in terms 
of driving demand. And as we have always said, if you’ve got 2000 additional rooms on top of 
your regular city demand, you don’t have the hotels in terms of absorbing capacity actually, 
those factors also play a big role in terms of driving the change. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Got your point sir. And sir just one more question like I wanted to know what is the average 
room rate difference between the normal Ginger hotels and the renovated Lean Luxe Ginger 
hotels and the Ginger hotel of the Santacruz that is coming up? 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
It is around 30%. The renovated and the Lean Luxe is 30% higher than the old Ginger that you 
know off. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Okay.  

 
The Indian Hotels Company Limited 
July 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
In certain markets like you said, Mumbai it could even be 40%. But that’s a one off because 
Mumbai is very, very strong as a market in terms of occupancy and also that property will be 
absolute flagship. 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Any roundabout ARR number for that? 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
You look at the IBIS Santacruz is possibly an indicator. Any last questions or we just.  
Puneet Chhatwal: 
We have overshot the time.  
Moderator:  
We have no further questions; you may go ahead with any closing comments. 
Puneet Chhatwal: 
Thank you very much, everyone for joining. Thank you for your support and patience and also 
the questions that you’ve been asked, and we look forward to sharing information with you at 
the end of next quarter. 
Giridhar Sanjeevi: 
And in between, of course post this call if you have any further questions don’t hesitate to reach 
out to our Investor Relations Team we’ll be more than happy to clarify anything else that you 
want. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of the Indian Hotels Company Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
