 
Regd. Office: E-18, Defence Colony, New Delhi 110024, Ph No.011- 44114411 www.medanta.org, info@medanta.org, CIN: L85110DL2004PLC128319 
    18th August, 2023 
 
   Ref:- GHL/2023-24/EXCH/46 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543654 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: MEDANTA 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday,                        
August 11, 2023, hosted by JM Financial, for the Quarter ended June 30, 2023 results, is 
enclosed herewith. 
The Transcript is also available at our website: https://www.medanta.org/investor-relation  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
For Global Health Limited     
 
 
 
 
 
Rahul Ranjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A17035 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
RAHUL 
RANJAN
Digitally signed by 
RAHUL RANJAN 
Date: 2023.08.18 
19:35:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Health Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. NARESH TREHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. PANKAJ SAHNI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND DIRECTOR – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. RAVI GOTHWAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. CYNDRELLA CARVALHO – JM FINANCIAL 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Global Health Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho from JM Financial. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I, Cyndrella Carvalho, on behalf of JM Financial, welcome you all 
on the quarter 1 FY24 Earnings Con Call of Global Health Limited, Medanta. At the outset, I 
thank the management of Global Health Limited for giving us this opportunity to host the call 
and looking forward to have an insightful interaction on a strong earnings performance. Today 
from the management team we have with us Dr. Naresh Trehan, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Pankaj Sahni, Group CEO and Director, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Group Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Ravi Gothwal, Head Investor Relations. I now hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks. 
Dr. Naresh Trehan: 
Good afternoon to all of you and welcome to Medanta's Q1 F24 earning call. As you are aware, 
the results were published yesterday and the company has reported strong operational and 
financial performance during the quarter. The details of which of course Mr. Pankaj Sahni, our 
group CEO will give you later. But in the meantime I will walk you through some of the 
developments.  
Our performance in the Q1 FY24 is on the back of delivering the highest quality of medical care 
with highest ethics and Medanta continues to replicate this model as we go across other parts of 
the geography. In the network hospitals, we have five hospitals and the sixth one, that is Noida, 
is on its way and hopefully in the next 18 months or so, we will be functional there too. 
Furthermore, most of you already know the fact that we have announced the partnership between 
Medanta and DLF in developing a hospital in GK1 in Delhi. For a long period, there has been a 
huge demand because being aware of Medanta's ethical and quality practices, people in Delhi 
have been actually requesting, demanding that we develop an institution over there also. 
 
We welcome this partnership, that is Medanta and DLF, to start work on this hospital which will 
be a 400 plus bed hospital situated over 2 acres in GK1. It will have about 20 or more super 
specialties and also a great emphasis on oncology, that is cancer. It will of course benefit a large 
number of patients not only from Delhi, but across Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan and other 
neighbouring states. In addition, we have a very strong demand for our services from 
international traffic and we shall also be able to fulfil that between our existing facilities which 
is in Gurgaon and the new one that is coming up in Noida and also addition of Delhi will make 
it a seamless operation across the NCR region. This is actually very much in line with our 
strategy to build a long-term sustainable platform and deliver, or I would say continue to deliver, 
the highest quality of healthcare in this region, not only in this region, but across the heartland 
of India. 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
I would like to hand over the call to our group CEO, Mr. Pankaj Sahni, to provide an update on 
the quarter results, performance and new initiatives. Thank you and over to you Pankaj. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you Dr. Trehan. Good afternoon and welcome everyone to our Q1 FY24 earnings call. 
We have concluded our first quarter of FY24 on a strong note with the highest ever quarterly 
Total Income of INR 7,945 million, registering a growth of 26.8% year on year. The company 
continues to deliver strong year-on-year and sequential growth driven by higher patient volumes 
and improvements in realization. 
We are grateful for the continued trust of our patients placing us across our network. Needless 
to say, none of this would have been possible without the tireless commitment of our doctors, 
nurses and other caregivers. 
Now coming to some of the highlights for the quarter:  
Both the matured and developing hospitals continue to deliver year-on-year and sequential 
growth. We have delivered consolidated total income of INR7,945 million, which is a growth of 
26.8% year-on-year and 8.6% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, driven by higher patient footfalls 
and improved realizations in this quarter. EBITDA of the quarter was at INR1,993 million, 
registering a growth of 40.7% year-on-year, with EBITDA margins improving from 22.6% in 
the first quarter of FY ‘23 to 25.1% in the first quarter of FY ‘24. Our profit after tax was at 
INR1,020 million, a growth of 73.7% year-on-year.  
During the quarter, we have added 28 new beds in Patna, taking our total bed capacity at the 
group level to 2,725. These additional 28 beds are dedicated ICU, which we have built at our 
Patna hospital. In terms of our operational performance, average occupied bed days for the 
quarter increased by 16.2% year-on-year, representing an occupancy of 58.1% on increased bed 
capacity. 
ARPOB grew by 7.1% to INR63,148 in Q1 FY 24, driven in part by increased tariffs at our 
Gurgaon unit, as well as the increased complexity of work in Lucknow and the scale up of our 
facility at Patna. We continue to witness strong patient volumes across all facilities. Inpatient 
count increased by 19.4% year-on-year to 37,000+. Our outpatient count increased by 17.5% 
year-on-year to ~6.6 lakhs in the first quarter of FY ‘24. 
In terms of developing hospitals, that is Lucknow and Patna, the total income increased from 
INR1,468 million to INR2,297 million, a growth of 56.5% year-on-year. EBITDA of the 
developing hospitals increased from INR331 million in Q1 FY23 to INR720 million in Q1 
FY24, representing a growth of 117.6% year-on-year. Our developing hospital revenue share 
also increased from 23.4% in Q1 FY23 to 28.9% in Q1 FY24. While our developing hospital, 
EBITDA share increased from 22.6% in Q1 FY23 to 31.4% in Q1 FY24. 
During the quarter, international patients' revenue also increased by 45% to INR477 million 
driven by increased volumes and realizations. Our in-house outpatient pharmacy business 
revenue increased by 43% from INR186 million in Q1 FY23 to INR266 million in Q1 FY24.  

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Additionally, a few key developments during the quarter: 
First of all, Medanta Lucknow launched its tele-ICU services with tie-ups across ICUs and 
nursing homes and hospitals in Jodhpur, Maharajganj and Prayagraj cities. We have also 
launched our comprehensive oncology program in Lucknow with the installation and launch of 
our new Siemens Varian Edge radiosurgery machine for radiation oncology. It was inaugurated 
by the Honorable Chief Minister of UP. 
We also launched our first multi-service out-of-hospital retail pharmacy in DLF Cyber Park, 
Gurgaon, which offers doctor consultations with Medanta experts, medicine deliveries, as well 
as lab services to corporate employees. 
In addition to the financial and operating numbers, as Dr. Trehan outlined earlier, we have 
entered into an understanding with DLF to form a company to launch a 400-bed multi-super 
specialty hospital to provide highest quality of health care in the heart of Delhi in Greater Kailash 
1. Both Medanta and DLF will own 50-50 equity in the new company. DLF will be the strategic 
investor and Medanta will run the hospital and have operational control. 
This new facility will strengthen Medanta's presence in the national capital region of Delhi. 
Medanta already operates Gurgaon facility there as well as our upcoming Noida facility and we 
believe that the Gurgaon, Noida and Delhi facilities collectively will integrate in a seamless 
manner to be able to link our 1,391 bed flagship hospital in Gurgaon, our 550 bed hospital in 
Noida and the new 400-bed hospital in Delhi to deliver the same high-quality seamless care 
across the entire NCR region. With that, we are happy to take questions from the participants. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Bino from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of quick questions regarding the DLF joint venture, what's the 
timeline for the beds to come up? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Like with any other hospital, it will probably take us somewhere in the three to four years’ time 
frame. Obviously we need to get all the regulatory approvals initially and then typically it takes 
about three years to construct. So three to four year is what we anticipate. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Is there a land already in the JV? Land and building? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
 
I'm sorry, could you repeat that question? It wasn't very clear. Is there land where? 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Is the land already identified and acquired by the JV? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay, so the land has already been identified. The JV is not necessarily going to be acquiring 
the land. It will most probably be a leasing or a rental construct, but yes, the land parcel has been 
identified and as Dr. Trehan had mentioned earlier, it's about two acres of land. 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay, got it. Second question, in your P&L, there is an item called loss on impairment of 
financial assets. What does that refer to? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
 
Let me just hand over to Sanjeev to take that. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Impairment is actually a provision for doubtful debts, which has increased in this quarter, in line 
with the increase in total debtors which have increased by almost INR50 crores. And out of that, 
almost INR30 crores is on account of the state government dues, and around INR12 crores is on 
account of TPA. Some of the collections, which are from the government side have been slower 
and therefore we have created a provision for doubtful debts. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. I'm sorry, just one follow-up question on the DLF deal. So the investment into 
building the structure and the hospital, would that be borne half-half by DLF and Medanta? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
 
Yes, that is right. That's right. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bansi Desai: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So just on this expansion, which is announced, sir, if you 
look at the Delhi NCR landscape, optically Delhi seems to have slightly lower bed density but 
when we hear about people and large private players, your competition, all of them seem to have 
aggressive plans of expansion into this market. So looking at that, how do you, what prompted 
you to basically look at this market and how confident you are of this capacity getting absorbed 
as you ramp up this facility? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay, let me take that in a couple of ways. First of all, to mention, or to reiterate rather what Dr. 
Trehan had mentioned, given that we already operate a large 1,300 plus bed facility in Gurgaon, 
which is close to the South Delhi area, we already had a very strong brand presence, brand equity 
in the region. And in fact, we run a clinic that is not too far from this location in South Delhi and 
there has been for many years a demand for us to open out facilities there. This demand comes 
from a variety of reasons.  
First of all, people want to be able to access the kind of high quality and high integrity care that 
we have come to be known for, whether it is for emergency care, whether it is for more day-care 
types of procedures, for example, chemotherapy, radiation oncology, where people feel that, it 
may be more convenient to get that care delivered a little closer to where they are in that 
community. So the demand has actually been there for some time. We also have a number of 
clinicians, who have practiced in that area for many years before they joined us. So we do have 
a good sense of confidence in the demand that, we will receive from this region. 
The second point is that, when you look at our plans in the NCR region, we already plan to open 
up a Noida facility, which will be 550 beds in sector 50 in Noida. So if you literally look at the 
line drawn from the Gurgaon facility to the Noida facility, in fact if you actually just drive that 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
road, you will find that this new site comes almost bang in the middle of that road, really 
connecting the two sites. So it allows us to create a strong network effect across the three sites. 
And given our full-time and our kind of model of care that we deliver, we do believe that, we 
will be able to develop significant synergies, both in terms of clinical as well as operational, 
across these three facilities across the NCR region. So that is how we thought that this was a 
good opportunity. 
We have of course been engaging with DLF for some time on this. We have strong relationships 
with them as well. And so this is not something which is new and just suddenly coming out of 
the blue. The other thing is that Medanta has always tried to focusing on making sure that, we 
put our head down and deliver the care that we're known for and deliver the kind of operational 
excellence that we stand for and not overly worry too much about what is happening on the left 
and the right. And that if we do that, we have seen across our units that the patient community 
responds in a positive manner and our intent is to continue to adopt this approach. 
Bansi Desai: 
Okay, this is helpful. And my second question is on, if you can throw some color on, how our 
Patna unit has done, we know it has broken even last year, but how has been the performance in 
this quarter? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So let me give you a little bit of context just before I jump into that question. As highlighted in 
our last couple of quarterly earnings calls, that Patna is still very much in a ramp up phase. While 
we have been able to deliver EBITDA break even in the last financial year, and continue to show 
very strong financial performance in this quarter, I just also want to highlight that we continue 
to add in clinicians and we are continuing to build out that hospital. In fact, medical equipment 
is in the process of getting commissioned, new beds capacities in the process of getting added. 
So currently it is still not really in a stable state, so to speak. Whenever you look at the financial 
performance of Patna, you keep this in the back of your mind.  
That being said, our performance in Patna has been fairly strong. We have increased our revenue 
performance approximately about 20% when you look at it on a quarter-on-quarter basis, which 
is Q4 FY23 to Q1 FY24. We also see significant improvement in EBITDA levels. But as you 
may be aware, we don't report out the financial numbers for each unit on a quarterly basis, 
although you will see the full year financials for Patna once the annual report is published. 
Bansi Desai: 
Okay, noted. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. Next question is from the line of Cyndrella. Please go ahead. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So just want to understand, what is working for our Lucknow 
facility in specific. If you can highlight, what are the key, like, therapy-wise also, what are we 
seeing the key driving forces here in Lucknow and what has worked in our favor typically if you 
can highlight these two aspects will be very helpful? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me make an attempt to give you three or four levers. I don't know, which one specifically 
contributes how much but they all can work collectively to be able to deliver the performance 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
of our Lucknow unit. So first of all, as you are aware, in some of our earlier calls we had also 
mentioned that, this unit got off to a start right in the middle of COVID. And at that point in 
time, we were able to demonstrate to the community in Lucknow and to the community in UP 
that we were standing firm to be able to deliver this kind of high quality care in a very 
challenging environment right in the middle of the COVID pandemic. We started this facility 
literally a few months before the lockdown was announced. And right through COVID, we were 
able to stand firm with the community, not only in terms of delivering care to COVID patients, 
but also to deliver the much-needed care to patients in other diseases because you know COVID 
doesn't stop cancer from increasing, COVID doesn't stop heart disease from happening. So we 
were able to bring that balance in and that care to the community. 
The second aspect is, we were fortunate to be able to get very highly accomplished, highly 
skilled clinicians and care providers in Lucknow from across the Lucknow and UP region, but 
also clinicians coming in from other areas. We had doctors moving there from Delhi, we had 
doctors moving there from other parts of the country. And so we were able to assemble a highly 
capable accomplished team and that is evident, if you study over the last several months, the 
kind of quality or complexity of work that they have been doing whether it is neurosurgery, 
whether it is cardiac surgery, whether it is complex minimally invasive cardiac intervention. We 
have also got an exceptionally talented cancer team there, that is not only in the medical 
oncology or the radiation oncology field, but also surgical oncology, who are super specialize in 
a particular disease or a particular organ for treatment. 
So we have been able to build out that team. In fact, in the last quarter, as I have mentioned 
earlier, inaugurated our radiation oncology services with the new Siemens Varian Edge machine, 
which is only the second installation in the entire country and the first installation of this new 
model for this highly sensitive and highly precision radiation oncology machine. So with that, 
we now have the complete suite of cancer services. We expect that the cancer work should also 
grow as we build that out over that area.  
Overall, it has been a combination of these three, four factors. And then lastly, what I would say, 
we have been able to do this because we maintain the same standards in our Lucknow or even 
in our other units as we have in our Gurgaon unit, the same standards, the same ethical practices. 
Structurally, we have the same models in terms of full-time doctor employment, in terms of the 
way in which we think about quality, think about standards. 
And so that has translated into a very positive response from the patient community. And let's 
not also forget that, and this is of course one of the reasons for choosing Lucknow and UP to 
start as we are dealing with a state with a population of over 22 crores. So there is lack of critical 
care infrastructure, at least in the private space, of this calibre and this scale in the entire state. 
And so therefore, we have become the destination of choice for complex healthcare. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thanks for that, Pankaj. And any color on the, you see the scope for enhancing further capacity 
in Lucknow from what we have already announced? Do you see the need for that? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
As you may have noticed in our investor presentation, we highlight that, we are currently about 
600 beds in our Lucknow facility. That facility itself is expected to scale up to about 950 beds 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
on the current infrastructure. In fact, this build out of that is already underway with respect to 
further fitting out some of the additional wards and beds for in the existing facility. 
Our first target will be to complete out the 950 beds before we actually consider a second facility 
in Lucknow. Although given UP is such a big state, I do absolutely feel that there is a need for 
a lot more healthcare in that area, and especially a lot more healthcare of a higher standard and 
a higher quality. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
This is my last one, and I'll fall back in the queue. Can you help us understand the Gurgaon 
outperformance this quarter, what worked for us in Gurgaon specifically? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
In Gurgaon, as we had mentioned in our full year earnings call, we have been focusing on what 
we call strengthening of the core and really building out additional capabilities in terms of 
bringing in some additional clinicians. We have added things like a new surgical robot for 
robotic surgery, brought in a new super specialist in terms of oncology, cardiology, respiratory 
and internal medicine, some leading clinicians, well-respected, well-known clinicians from the 
community have been brought in. So we kind of continue to double down our efforts on bringing 
in the talent and building out. We have also added in a new service which is our Women and 
Child Service, which we didn't have in Gurgaon. That has come in and that is starting to perform 
well now. But overall, we have also been looking at how we can further focus in on optimization 
across the facility. 
We are also currently looking at building out a new chemo day-care unit in the building. So 
renovation for that is underway. In fact, about 50 or more of the census beds are actually under 
renovation and are closed at the moment. So really just doing, what we have always said that we 
stand for, which is trying to continue to bring in high-quality talent and allow them to practice 
the highest end of medicine. In addition, we have done some things with respect to trying to get 
access and outreach to the community in general. That is through our clinics, through some of 
our home care and our lab businesses to try to increase the continuity of care to the extent 
possible. Those activities have been appreciated by our patients and our communities, especially 
near to the Gurgaon facility. And we do intend to continue to do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Mathur from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to probe a bit more on the Delhi 400 bed hospital. If I look at this 
way, from this hospital in GK1 and your existing Gurgaon facility, the airport will not be very 
far off. More or less it would be equal distance. Even for the Delhi market, if you're setting up a 
hospital in Noida, Eastern Delhi could well be served by that facility. 
Your Southwest and West Delhi can be serviced by your Gurgaon facility. And you have land 
bank available in Gurgaon and you're just setting up Noida. So I'm not sure, how to look at this. 
That too in a setup where you are sharing economics with a JV partner. So can you just throw 
some more light on what's the need of this hospital in such an affluent neighborhood in Delhi, 
where some of your existing networks in Noida and Gurgaon could also have well taken care of, 
whether international or upcountry, or even for that matter, local Delhi footfalls as well? 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, three-four points that we have found as the advantageous reasons for getting into Delhi. One, 
I will not go deep into the population and the current underserved area of Delhi, especially given 
the huge growth that is happening there. So when you look at all the density ratios, etcetera, 
despite what people talk about in Delhi, they're still pretty low for covering that population. So 
there's still a huge demand supply gap in Delhi. 
The second thing is that, if you look at this facility, it's about over 30 kilometres from our 
Gurgaon facility, approximately 25 to 30 kilometres from our Noida facility. So it's almost bang 
equidistant between the two. And as you rightly said, when you look at the servicing of the 
catchment area, although we do get in Gurgaon many patients from outside NCR, when you look 
at the servicing of the catchment area, and just in terms of a travel and a commute point of view, 
you will find that, Gurgaon does cater a little bit more to the South West Delhi market and Noida 
will cater a lot more to the Eastern Delhi and then of course, parts of UP market as well. 
Hence, South Delhi, Central Delhi area does at times find it challenging especially given the 
traffic conditions in the city to get access to the hospital on a very regular basis. Now this 
becomes important given what we see as the changing trend in healthcare. So if you look over 
the years, of course, barring COVID, you will see that the average length of stay continues to 
reduce in our Medanta facilities. And part of that reason is because more and more work is 
moving into a day care nature. So, whether I said before, whether it is chemotherapy day care, 
whether it is radiation oncology, patients from Delhi do find it at times inconvenient to travel an 
hour and a half in the car to get to their care. So, they have actually been demanding, and we see 
that in our Delhi clinic, they have been demanding access to this kind of standard of care closer 
to where they live. The other important point, of course, is emergency care. So, again, there has 
been a lot of demand for us to open up especially cardiac emergencies, stroke etcetera in and 
around Delhi. I think the feeling is obviously that there is a pull for the brand, there is a pull for 
the quality of medicine and the ethics of medicine that we practice. 
These are some of the reasons that we feel that this makes sense to us. In fact, one may argue 
that Delhi just being so big and continuing to grow, there are opportunities even beyond South 
Delhi and other micro geographies of Delhi. So, I think it's important to understand Delhi and 
this region operates very much in a micro market kind of way and we believe that this will be a 
very big boom.  
The other thing is that when you look at the complexity and the nature of care that we deliver 
many of our patients come in with highly complex issues, many times multi-organ issues. So, 
there is an opportunity to service these patients from a continuity of care point of view across 
units in a seamless manner. Just to give an example, you may have a patient who comes in with 
a GI surgical issue, but lives in Delhi and they come in for an elective procedure, but they 
actually already have a cardiac issue or they already have some other comorbidity which requires 
more continuous monitoring. They now feel that they can get that kind of seamless care of the 
standard that Medanta is famous for, closer to their home and across their network.  

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
So, this is what we found, and this is the demand really from our patient population. So, we 
believe it will be highly profitable, highly successful, and most importantly, much needed for 
the patient community.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Sir, if I may just hop a bit more on this, what you're saying makes a very strong business case 
and I think that's what it is looking like today. But if I fast forward three years, four years, in just 
not just five, six kilometre away, you have such massive expansion happening in Saket by one 
of your large competitors. With you also having 400 beds, do you think the things would look 
the same three years, four years out? I mean, today it might be sounding a very big, good business 
case, but with so much of beds coming on stream in a radius of 5 kilometres, 7 kilometres, that 
will still hold true three years, four years down the line as well?  
Pankaj Sahni: 
You know, 2-3 points; first, we've tried to focus our efforts always on making sure that we do 
the right thing and we operate at the right standard, rather than worry too much about what the 
others may or may not be doing and that has served us well so far. But I am also reminded of 
our journey, which I think now is about two years ago, when we started our entire IPO road 
show process and at that point in time, there was a lot of questions from people around all the 
capacity which is supposed to come up in Gurgaon, in our backyard. I mean, I haven't yet seen 
any of this capacity. And even if you look at Medanta history from the time we started in 2009 
till today, I mean, hospitals have opened and closed, and we're still standing tall. So, this doesn't 
worry us too much and like I said, there is a dire shortage of high-quality healthcare facilities. 
But finally, at the end of the day, we believe that if we continue to focus on doing the right 
things, which is practicing the highest quality of medicine, everything else in terms of the 
financial success will follow from that.  
So, the model has worked for us, it has worked for us in Gurgaon, it has worked for us in 
Lucknow. I was briefly mentioning this when I was in Lucknow at the launch, we also had many 
people in Lucknow wondering, what are you doing in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, but we have proven 
that to be successful and the same story in Patna. So, I think that we feel fairly confident on our 
capabilities and we feel that this also will be a strong and successful operation.  
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got it. And just final bookkeeping question. So, this will be consolidated line by line item and 
you will adjust it in a JV line item or there will be proportionate consolidation or you'll be paying 
a yield to DLF on this? How will the accounting work?  
Pankaj Sahni: 
I'll let Sanjeev take that. My understanding from the accounting rules is that since we are 
completely in operational control, we will be consolidating this operation in our holding 
company, Global Health Limited. 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Yeah, so at present, all the definitive agreements have to really take place. But as Pankaj said, 
our understanding is that in terms of the IndAS; the entity having operational control shall be 
able to consolidate it line by line and in our case Medanta will have operational control 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Great, sir. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumit Gupta from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Sumit Gupta: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I just want to know regarding the margin of the Gurgaon 
facility. Could you provide some like overall trend, what has been the like over margin for this 
particular facility?  
Sanjeev Kumar: 
So, as you are aware that we actually don't report our margin for each unit. And as far as Gurgaon 
is concerned, this is part of the standalone GHL, which is actually Global Health Limited. And 
this actually has the other two units as well, which is Indore and Ranchi. At present, if you 
actually look for this particular quarter, the EBITDA margins are at 24.7% for the standalone 
entity.  
Sumit Gupta: 
So, but Gurgaon facility would be having more margins? 
Sanjeev Kumar: 
Actually, in case of GHL, a large portion is contributed by Gurgaon.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay, sir. And sir can you provide us an outlook on the margins of the developing facility over 
the next one years or two years?  
Sanjeev Kumar: 
I would say that both the units are doing pretty well and they are having very healthy margins 
and there is no reason that at this point in time where we actually think that the margins will get 
impacted except to the fact that in case of Lucknow at present the entire margins that we are 
having is on cash and TPA basis. Once we increase the capacity from 600 beds to over 950 beds 
over a period of time, we do expect that we will be moving away from only cash and TPA to 
other payer categories as well. Once that happens, it may have some impact on the ARPOB’s 
and margins. Secondly, we also need to keep in mind that in case of Patna, at present, the 
business is largely from cash and TPA. In addition, this is a PPP project, 25% of the capacity is 
actually reserved at the state government rates, which are more or less on the lines of CGHS 
rates. We have not seen any significant patient inflow from that site and however we expect that 
probably in the coming two or three quarters, this will really pick up in a more meaningful 
manner. So, once that happens, that's also likely to have an impact on our overall ARPOB profile.  
Secondly in terms of the expenses, as our Lucknow and Patna facility now starts getting mature, 
some of the expenses in terms of your AMC, CMC etcetera will start coming in because at 
present, most of the equipment’s are new. Now, if you look at some of these expenses may 
actually go up, but the fixed costs which are there in terms of manpower, in terms of the other 
expenses etcetera, we will be able to apportion such costs it over a large capacity of patients and 
that should help us in margin improvement. Overall, I think based on all these parameters, we 
expect that our developing hospitals will continue have a healthy margin profile.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay, sir. And so regarding CGHS patient, so was there any price revision undertaken by the 
government or was there any contract change?  
Pankaj Sahni: 
Can you just repeat the question? I'm sorry, I missed the first part.  
Sumit Gupta: 
So, regarding the CGHS patient contracts, so was there any price revision which was 
undertaken?  

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yeah, so CGHS announced a price increase a couple of months ago. So, that price increase has 
of course translated into whatever it is, the standardized rates for CGHS, those are applicable 
typically across the country as well as some of the public sector undertakings which use those 
rates. So, that of course has led to beneficial revenue or upliftment for the hospitals and for the 
industry in general.  
But I just want to point out, if you see in our investor presentation as well, we have a significantly 
lower share of CGHS in the business. About 85% of our business continues to be consistently 
quarter over quarter from cash and TPA. So, while it has benefited us, keep in mind that it's only 
for about 10%, 12% of the overall. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay so one more regarding the industry point of view just wanted to understand about it the 
majority of the hospital chains are focusing on Delhi NCR market. So, like why not they're 
focusing majorly on the like West area like Western India like Rajasthan or Gujarat, so just 
wanted to understand on that why is Delhi NCR the core focus area for majority of the hospitals 
from industry point of view like if you can...  
Pankaj Sahni: 
If you look at the industry I'm not exactly sure whether your hypothesis is correct. I would 
assume actually that South India has a far higher percentage of private hospitals than North 
India. It is possible that some of the groups which you may be referencing may be the ones which 
are listed and therefore are more in the public domain in terms of communication.  
But if I look at the industry as a whole, I think that South India has a far higher density of hospital 
beds and also private hospital beds. Of course, these vary from established unlisted chains to 
listed chains to maybe smaller hospitals which maybe have just a few hospitals which are 
operating under their bed. In many cases, those would be unlisted. So I don't necessarily think 
that it's only the north, the city of Delhi, which is having demand for hospitals. Hyderabad, 
South, Bangalore, Chennai, a lot of these metro cities, but also some of the Tier2 cities are having 
good build-outs. As far as the West goes, you do see movement there as well. Obviously, one of 
the big constraints in hospitals, especially bigger hospitals in terms of size, is land.  
So, land is, of course, less easily available in a city like Bombay, maybe than a city like Delhi. 
And obviously, the more you move out to Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, I'm assuming that the land 
availability would be easier. So maybe that's why you're seeing the growth there. But yes, Delhi 
has always been an attractive market. It has also always been a market which is talked a lot 
about.  
I think the combination of being a high population, slightly maybe better structure in terms of 
its layout for scale out and build out because Delhi has expanded in almost concentric circle 
beyond what it was which is maybe a little challenging for Bombay to do. So you've seen Delhi 
grow as the city, population grow and therefore the demand for health care grow. So I think 
these are some of the factors, but I do also see growth happening in many, many other cities in 
the country.  
Moderator: 
Thank you Sumit. Next question is from Dheeresh Pathak from White Oak Capital Management 
Consultants LLP. Please go ahead.  

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Dheeresh: 
Yeah, hi, this is Dheeresh. So on this 400 bed in Delhi, just to understand, so DLF is bringing 
the land, sorry I missed the opening commentary so you might have covered it there. So in that 
partnership with DLF of 400 beds in South Delhi, so DLF is bringing the land to the SPV or 
what else? They are bringing capital and then you will buy the land? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I think I mentioned in a question which came earlier, so we are forming a company with DLF, 
so it will be a new company that is established. DLF will provide equal equity participation as 
will Global Health Limited. And Global Health will run this company and run the operations 
and have control over this company. And I think somebody had asked whether that will be 
consolidated and our belief is yes, it will be with GHL. So, we will have complete control to run 
the business operations. This entity will lease land for the hospital operations, I don't think that 
we will be buying this land. So the new entity will be in entering into some kind of an operating 
lease or rental kind of an arrangement to run the hospital. Right now the definitive agreements 
have to be finalized, the company will be incorporated, etcetera, and only once the company is 
incorporated, the lease will be executed by this company. 
Dheeresh: 
Okay, so land will be on lease and building will be constructed, and what is the capex outlay for 
this? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, we haven't finalized the business plan obviously because that will be approved by this 
company's board as well but if I just go by what we're seeing in in our Noida facility, which is 
currently under construction I think today given the escalation in construction costs, you're 
talking about fully loaded somewhere around INR1.4 crores to INR1.5 crores per bed. If you do 
that math on the 400-bed hospital, you're probably talking somewhere in the INR600 crores to 
INR700 crores range in terms of this facility. 
Obviously, in Delhi, you may have slightly higher construction costs and as we move from today 
to a couple of years down the line when the construction will really be in full swing, there may 
be some escalation in construction costs, etcetera. Although, a lot of it depends because we did 
see this in Noida, the steel, cement prices really badly escalated during the immediate post-
COVID times and then they rationalized a little bit. But that's what we're assuming it to be 
somewhere around that number. 
Dheeresh: 
This was earlier asked also, I think, why are we sharing 50% with them? They're just bringing 
the capital. So we are not constrained by capital, right? So INR300 crores, we could have done 
it ourselves right, their portion of the capital because you are going to be running it, you are 
going to value creation. I just feel that we should have got 100% unless they are helping with 
the land or something. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
As you are obviously aware, in any partnership, there are a number of factors that go into how 
things get concluded the way that they do. I would only say that our belief, given DLF, given its 
reputation, and given its strength that we believe that this is an exceptionally strong partner to 
have not only for us in this particular operation but well into the future. Both the parties, both 
the companies feel that we have similar thought process in terms of how we want to take this 
relationship forward. 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
And we believe that there are a huge number of opportunities in the healthcare space. So for us, 
we see a strong ethical and values-based partner in DLF, and I hope that they see the same. And 
that is why we believe that this partnership is not something that we are looking at as a single 
transaction, but as a longer-term successful partnership for many, many years to come.  
Dheeresh: 
 
Understood, thank you. Thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alankar from Kodak Securities. Please go ahead.  
Alankar: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first question, how many beds are we planning to add in 
Lucknow in this fiscal? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
If you look at our investor presentation and I think we've mentioned it in the year-end one also, 
it will be about 150 beds. We have actually started the construction for almost four floors or five 
floors because of the way in which the building is. So just the interior fit out is done. And then 
depending on as the demand scales up, currently we are planning out three floors, which is, I 
believe, just short of 150 beds. And then it depends on how quickly the demand scales and what 
is the minimum optimal number of beds to construct one at a time. 
Alankar: 
So in that case Pankaj, you had earlier mentioned that once you cross 700 beds in Lucknow, 
broadly that's when we will start having some scheme patients. So would it be fair to assume 
that by the end of the fiscal, somewhere around maybe first quarter of FY ‘25, when our scheme 
makes the institutional patients will start coming in Lucknow? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Little early to conclude on that I think that as a responsible healthcare provider, we do feel that 
we have an obligation to service the broader community. I think right now, what we see is a very 
positive response from the community. We are treating patients from across the socioeconomic 
strata. We are very fortunate to be able to get a good amount of support in terms of the numerous 
schemes that are available, not only at the state government level, whether you talk about things 
like the CM Relief Fund, but also other state patients who come in. So there are opportunities 
for us to serve across the spectrum. 
I think that we will take this on almost like on a contract-by-contract basis. So there are a certain 
number of PSUs that may be operating a certain way. There may be a certain number of patients 
that we bring in at slightly different tariffs, which may not necessarily be scheme tariffs, but 
maybe a little bit somewhere in the middle, or there's some combinations of those. So there are 
many opportunities for us to look at this. I don't think it's definitive that I cross a certain bed 
number and then I turn on switch on and off. I think this is an evolution as things change as we 
are able to serve. 
We also are cognizant of the fact that we should be affordable. One of the things that we have 
not yet done is taken a tariff increase in Lucknow at all really, since we started the hospital. And 
at present, at least we haven't really made any plans to do that. So I think when you look at the 
overall payor mix and you look at the overall tariff and revenue structure, it's a far more nuanced 
approach and one that we evaluate almost on a quarterly or monthly basis but I don't think that 
there is a goal in mind to say, once this happens and you'll do that. What I did articulate earlier 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
was that when we reach this number of 700, 750, you kind of are able to then fully utilize the 
baseline infrastructure and thereafter, the build out typically is dependent on what services are 
more in demand. 
I had mentioned it in the last call that sometimes you may over-index in cardiac, or sometimes 
you may over-index in cancer. In the case of Lucknow, certain specialties which we didn't 
anticipate having a very high demand have started demanding more beds. So these are all the 
ways in which we kind of decide how to build out. So that is really where we go. We have a 
certain set of specialties and infrastructure in mind, till about 750 beds and thereafter I think it 
is linked a little bit to how the demand plays out. 
Alankar: 
Fair enough, that's clear. My second question is at present how many beds are being reserved 
for the EWS patients in Gurugram? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Our lease requires us to keep about 5% of the beds available for EWS patients. That being said, 
we have never stopped any of the patients from coming in. The various government authorities 
that send across patients to us are all accommodated. And we have also never yet received that 
many number of patients either. So as and when they are sent across, we are treating them fully. 
In fact, if you walk around the hospital, you would not be able to tell which patient in which 
ward is EWS, because we don't have any dedicated ward. They all get treated in exactly the same 
way as any other patient.  
Alankar: 
Thank you. And maybe one final question if I may. Just wanted to understand the reasons behind 
this delay in the PPP inflow in Patna. I assume that it's already started but you said that it would 
kind of ramp-up over the next few quarters. So how quickly should we expect the intake to be 
what's causing the delay any inputs there would be really helpful. Thank you. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Some of the reasons for this delay, I think are just you know kind of operational and tactical 
challenges that the authorities may have had. One of the things that I am aware of that they had 
requested us to do was assist them with building out the digital website and portal which will be 
used for referring patients. So we have actually completed that last quarter and handed that over 
to the government. They had some operational challenges and sought our help to build that out 
on their behalf, which we have done. We have handed over access passwords, etcetera, for them 
to refer patients because they want to keep a track and a log and have a database for all of this. 
The second is obviously these are hospitals and authorities across the state that need to be lined 
up and sent in. We have been engaging very closely with the government and supporting them 
in whatever information they want, awareness, information, etcetera. I can report that the first 
patient has been admitted through the PPP portal which we had handed over to them. As to how 
this flows and how that information disseminates across all the government officials in the state 
of Bihar, I'm not sure. What I can tell you is that at the senior most levels in the government, 
there is a strong enthusiasm to push this. We are all hopeful that this will scale rapidly so that 
we can serve this population. 
Alankar:  
 
Sure, thank you and all the best. 

 
Global Health Medanta Limited 
 
 
August 11, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you. Let me take a minute to say that while we are very happy and pleased with the 
financial performance of the first quarter of FY24, we do continue to focus in on the things that 
we believe matter with looking at slightly longer-term perspective on ensuring that we build out 
the right capacity in the right manner with the right standard. As well as operate that capacity 
with the right ethics and the right focus on delivering high-quality care. While we are pleased 
with our quarterly performance and continue to focus on driving that on a daily basis, we do 
look at this slightly more holistically and in the long run. And we hope that all the participants 
appreciate that this business is slightly different from many other industries. We continue to 
ensure that we focus on doing the right thing, practicing the right kind and right quality of 
medicine. And believe that the results of that will speak for themselves both in terms of the 
reputation as well as the financial performance. 
Thank you very much for listening and for your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of JM Financial that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Global Health Limited 
 
