 
 
  28 July 2023 
 
The Manager, Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Manager, Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. c/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) call 
 
Further to our intimation dated 21 July 2023, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor(s)/Analyst(s) 
call which is hosted on the website of the Company at https://www.mphasis.com/content/dam/mphasis-
com/global/en/investors/financial-results/2024/transcript-of-earnings-call-q1-2024.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record as required under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking you, 
                             
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Mphasis Limited  
                                 
 
Subramanian Narayan 
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347
NARAYAN 
SUBRAMA
NIAN
Digitally signed 
by NARAYAN 
SUBRAMANIAN

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Mphasis Limited 
Q1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITIN RAKESH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH DUGAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MPHASIS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thanks for joining the Mphasis Q1 FY 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call. I am Aman, your moderator for the day. We have with us today Mr. Nitin 
Rakesh, CEO of Mphasis; and Mr. Manish Dugar, CFO. 
As a reminder, there is a webcast link in the call invite mail that the Mphasis management team 
would be referring to today. The same presentation is also available on the Mphasis website, 
www.mphasis.com, in the Investors section under financial and filing, as well as both on the 
BSE and NSE websites. Request you to have the presentation handy. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in the Q4 results release that has been sent out to all of you 
earlier. 
I now hand over the floor to Mr. Nitin to begin the proceedings of this call. Thank you, and over 
to you, Nitin. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you, Aman, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Hopefully, we 
will all get an opportunity soon to meet in person. I trust you had the opportunity to review our 
earnings release documents. I would like to take time today to share with you our perspective on 
recent developments, markets, technology, people as well as highlight our quarterly performance 
and how this is setting the base for FY '24. 
Let me begin by showcasing the highlights of the quarter, especially as it relates to the various 
initiatives that we have been executing towards. One, we have set a strong pace of the deal 
closures with record TCV wins of USD707 million this quarter, providing a visibility of growth 
for future quarters. We would be double clicking on this in the slides ahead. 
Two, our vertical cohort strategy is showing encouraging results. Our vertically aligned, yet 
account-centric GTM units have aligned well since we announced the re- org design earlier this 
year, to create growth diversification by expanding growth to accounts beyond Top 5 and Top 
10, to newer verticals as well as to new clients acquired within the BFS limit. 
Three, I'm glad to report that we are leaning in on AI with 1/3rd of TCV originating from AI-
centric deals in this quarter. We have key AI partnerships in place that have enabled us to open 
up a solid book of business within a short time span. 
Four, a significant percentage of our TCV and pipeline now emanates from beyond the Top 10 
accounts, including newer accounts. Our diversification strategy is showing results, particularly 
as our Top 30 clients outside the Top 10 accounts and outside BFS in our new vertically aligned 
GTM structure are scoring well on leading indicators of revenues. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Five, while recent quarters have been challenging for us in view of the pressures in the mortgage 
market and selectively in the BFS segment due to discretionary spend cuts, we believe that the 
business is bottoming out. Incremental stability in mortgage together with early signs of pickup 
of decision-making at top banking clients and visibility from record-breaking TCV in this 
quarter will help us return to growth through the remainder of FY '24. We will elaborate more 
on this in the summary outlook. 
As mentioned, our TCV in Q1 '24 at USD707 million reached an all-time high. There are a few 
things that I would like to highlight. TCV wins in this quarter are more than twice our quarterly 
average on an LTM basis. Nearly 1/3rd of this is from AI deals, including a USD100 million+ 
deal. As you are aware, we launched Mphasis.ai, a first of its kind business unit that seamlessly 
integrates AI capabilities into existing technology landscape of our clients, as well as powers all 
of our Technology Tribes, since they were designed to be Cloud First and Cognitive Native. 
This is starting to pay off well as we will discuss shortly. 
We have won seven large deals in this quarter, of which five are in the non-BFS verticals, which 
shows that our vertical cohort strategy is working across the board, including within new BFS 
clients as 2 of these deals are in BFS, with one over USD100 million in TCV. 4 of the 7 deals 
are over USD100 million each. Notably, significant TCV wins in this quarter are from non-BFS 
segments as well as from beyond our Top 10 accounts and over 70% are in the application 
service line. 
Specifically, I would also like to cite our significantly increased traction in Canada, where we 
signed a USD40 million+ deal and several more are in the pipeline. Our pipeline in Canada has 
grown 500% year-over-year, and revenue has doubled sequentially in this geography. 
Almost all our pipeline continues to be Tribe-driven, archetype-led and is up 6% sequentially 
and 23% year-over-year despite record conversion from pipeline to new sold TCV in the last 4 
quarters. Our pipeline is also well distributed across verticals. While BFS continues to generate 
the higher share of pipeline at just over 40% of the pipeline, other verticals have a 
disproportionate share of pipeline compared to their revenue contribution, suggesting that our 
investment in generating pipeline aimed at aggressive growth diversification is working. 
Our pipeline generation in some of the smaller verticals such as healthcare has been particularly 
robust with pipeline in this vertical up 63% year-over-year. Our accelerated GTM motion in AI 
builds on the AI TCV in this quarter and helps build a strong inflow deal engine for future 
quarters. 2/3rd of our pipeline is application-centric, further reflecting the strength of our 
Application Transformation and Modernization Engineering practices. Our pipeline is also well 
distributed across key themes such as data, modernization, cyber security, Agile Ops and 
platforms. Expertise in these themes is resident in our tribes as we have discussed with you in 
the past. 
We have mentioned in prior calls that we were seeing a lengthening of the sales cycle in 
converting pipeline into TCV and TCV into revenue due to greater scrutiny of the tech spends. 
While the TCV to revenue conversion cycle is still elongated, we are seeing early signs of some 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
normalization of the pace of decision-making as reflected in the deal closures this quarter. We 
expect further improvement during the course of FY '24. 
 
I'm personally thrilled with the opportunity of Artificial Intelligence to maximize business 
outcomes. At Mphasis, cloud and cognitive-led solutions have been central to our unique 
Front2Back approach to transformation. The Mphasis.ai business unit delivers various benefits 
to enterprise clients that include offerings that drive business outcomes, starting with an AI 
Advisory unit to help assess and identify key AI interventions to complete archetypes such as 
contact center transformation, customer experience transformation, etc; Access to an array  of 
Mphasis patented AI assets with over 250 ready-to-use models available on Hyperscaler 
marketplaces and frameworks created at Mphasis Next Labs, an in-house research and 
innovation lab, that can be seamlessly integrated into existing systems and processes; Access to 
state-of-the-art conversational AI platforms powered by generative AI technology and large 
language models to transform customer experience management, employee engagement, as well 
as to drive operational efficiency and increased NPS scores; Access to Mphasis Sparkle 
Innovation Ecosystem, which has enrolled over 50 domain specific startups, including ones that 
are AI focused, that can also accelerate the co-creation of robust go-to-market solutions for 
enterprises. 
Examples from the business unit suite of intelligent service offerings have now been created as 
additional Deal Archetypes in true Mphasis fashion. Examples include Generative AI Advisory 
Engagement Model, which is an offering that is targeted to help enterprises to assess where AI 
can have the biggest impact in chosen areas. The output of this engagement can help drive the 
AI strategy and for plans to leverage Mphasis.ai to execute this strategy. Contact Center and 
Customer Experience Transformation is a solution that helps enterprises deliver great customer, 
agent and employee experiences, reducing digital leakage and delivering operational efficiencies 
by introducing AI-based interventions into the ecosystem. 
We have partnered with several Hyperscaler as well as specialized market-leading AI platforms 
and solutions companies such as Kore.ai, Work Fusion, and Databricks, as well as all the cloud 
providers. We do expect additional deal archetypes to continue to get robust as we expand on 
these offerings. 
We continue to push for revenue growth, which is anchored in our strong client mining model 
and tech-led offerings. Our Q1 FY24 revenue came in at USD398 million, impacted primarily 
by softness in banking. On an LTM basis, we grew the Direct ex-DR business at 11.2% in Q1 
FY24.With growth becoming more diversified and uptick in mortgage volumes, we see stability 
in performance going forward. 
Our core service line enterprise apps constituting over 70% of revenue was flat year-over-year 
in Direct, impacted by the tightness in discretionary spending in some of our clients and 
weakness in select BFS pockets. The BPO segment. Which has suffered from the downturn in 
the mortgage segment over the last 4 quarters, declined 33% with Y-o-Y decline in this segment 
increasing for the past 3 quarters. Our anchor geography, the U.S., was flat ex-DR on Y-o-Y 
basis. Direct at USD378 million declined 3.2% quarter-over-quarter in constant currency terms 
and 7.2% year-over-year in Q1FY24. Direct ex mortgage was nearly flat year-over-year, 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
reflecting tightness in discretionary spends in some of our banking clients, as well as some 
regional bank pressures. 
Our Direct business accounted for 95% of our overall revenue in Q1 FY 24. DXC's contribution 
to our revenue is 3.5% as of Q1 '24. The mortgage business declined further sequentially in this 
quarter, though to a lesser extent compared to that in the prior two quarters. The contribution of 
Digital Risk, our mortgage BPO subsidiary now stands at 6.3% of overall revenue in Q1 '24 
versus 12.7% a year ago in Q1 '23. As mentioned, we see incremental stability in this segment 
with visible uptick in volumes in some service lines and are starting to see capacity build up 
requests from clients in advance of recovery in other segments of the mortgage business. 
Moving quickly to vertical performance, our mainstay vertical, BFS in Direct ex-DR had a 
negative 1% growth year-over-year. It was down 14% on overall basis weighed down by 
mortgage. Our smaller verticals in Direct such as healthcare are growing quite well as reflected 
in ~13% revenue growth in Q1 '24 in the others segment. The TMT vertical within Direct also 
grew well with a 6-plus percent sequential growth in Q1, reversing some recent weaknesses. 
While growth rate in insurance has lagged, impacted by client specific issues, sequential growth, 
TCV wins and pipeline in this vertical look healthy, and we expect to continue to the trend on a 
sequential basis. 
As mentioned, to ensure scalability and facilitate the next phase of growth, a realigned 
verticalized GTM structure has been implemented with the following principles in mind: Align 
the GTM organization to derive better sales synergies, especially as we focus our energies on 
deepening our wallet share and market share with our named account strategy for existing and 
new clients. Enable scalability and repeatability with a vertical focus powered by Deal 
Archetypes providing a set of win themes and propositions. 
Reorient account cohorts to seed new growth opportunities and retain our hi-touch service 
delivery model with clients. With a vertical based GTM cohort model, we're able to bring 
vertical and industry points of view to bear, consolidate capabilities and learnings within a 
vertical across accounts and cross-pollinate more effectively. 
Our Top 5 clients declined 2% year-over-year (on LTM basis), going down by mortgage 
business pressures in the past 3 quarters and tightness in discretionary spend. Notably, our Top 
11 to 20 client segment grew 12.7% year-over-year, indicating the increasingly broad-based 
nature of the growth. Clients 21 to 30 grew a healthy 18.5% in Q1 on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Our New Client Acquisition revenue continues to grow well, sustaining its double-digit growth 
trajectory in the first quarter as well. Client mining stats remain steady Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y, 
movement on 1 client in the 75 million and 100 million plus categories is purely due to mortgage 
softness playing through for the fourth quarter in a row. We expect this to come back as mortgage 
spends resume their up cycles. Even as some of our key clients have tightened discretionary 
spends, which has impacted us, we continue to strengthen our wallet share with all of them. 
Coming to our financial metrics. Our margin philosophy affords us the flexibility to manage our 
profitability in the face of revenue headwinds. In this quarter, our EBIT margin stood at 15.4%, 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
within the stated margin guidance band of 15.25% to 16.25%. An operating profit decline of 4% 
Y-o-Y on a reported basis is due to revenue headwinds. Losses in cash flow hedges impacted 
margins in Q1 FY '24 by 50 basis points. Our EPS of Rs 21 for this quarter is a marginal decline 
of 2% sequentially. Cash flow generation at USD54 million, adjusting for the one-offs, stayed 
solid at 90-plus percent of PAT average. 
In summary, I'll leave you with 5 points. One, we are seeing signs of bottoming out of recent 
revenue trends, thanks to stability in mortgage, visibility of growth given the highest ever TCV 
of USD700-plus million and some return in pace of decision-making by clients, especially in 
discretionary spending projects. We have seen a record seven large deals in this quarter with 
four of them being over USD100 million each. 
Two, the majority of our TCV and pipeline originate from newly created verticals as well as 
from beyond Top 10 clients, underscoring the early success of our vertical cohort strategy. Three, 
our AI centric deal propositions are paying off with nearly a third of our Q1 TCV from AI-led 
deals. We are focused on establishing a path of AI acceleration with our full-fledged Mphasis.ai 
business unit. Further, we have key GTM and solutioning AI partnerships in place to make the 
most of these opportunities. Four, despite some tightness in discretionary spends with some of 
our key clients, we continue to strengthen our wallet share with them. And five, despite the 
challenging revenue situation of late, our EBIT margins of 15.4% stayed steady and in line with 
the stated target operating margin band. Tighter focus on utilization, pyramid optimization and 
some increases in offshore leverage helped maintain margin performance. Our operating cash 
flow adjusted for one-timers, stood at 100% of the net profit for the quarter. 
Coming to our FY24 outlook. We enter FY24 on the back of an expanded pipeline, albeit marked 
by lengthening sales cycles and slower contract conversions. Cloud, digital transformation, cost 
optimization and consolidation type opportunities characterize the pipeline. As noted on our last 
call, we expected to have a soft start to FY24 as we work to deal with some slowdown in BFS 
and delayed contract conversion in this segment. We expect strong sequential growth going 
forward with an expectation of acceleration through the remainder of the year. 
The good news in the mortgage segment is that we have seen green shoots of activity with an 
uptick in volumes across select segments, as well as pickup in client requests for capacity 
addition besides an increasing pipeline and new deal constructs. As this plays out for FY24, we 
believe the mortgage segment is likely bottoming out in Q1, and we expect this segment to be 
incrementally sequentially growth accretive through much of FY'24. 
As also noted on our previous call, we now have visibility to stability in the DXC segment and 
expect that headwind to abate on a sequential basis. On margins, we retain our message of 
margin stability, expecting to hold the EBIT margins in the 15.25% to 16.25% range in every 
quarter of FY24, with a continued focus on operational rigor, giving us increased confidence on 
the trajectory of our performance and hence an upward bias in margins through the remainder 
of FY24. On that note, moderator, let's open it up for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead.  
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Kumar Rakesh: 
My first question was on how are you classifying the AI deals? You talked about 1/3rd of the 
TCV are in the AI deals. So suppose if we classify into 3 segments, preparatory work for building 
AI models or consulting and development of AI models or testing of those models. How would 
you be classifying your AI deals? And where are you seeing the most part of the demand coming 
from? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Kumar, I think there is more to AI than just GenAI. That's the first point. I think a lot of the deal 
making and the activity that we are undertaking right now is in essentially helping clients 
implement orchestration platforms and third-party products that actually enable them to roll out 
these models across the enterprise. Of course, they are going to continue to use the publicly 
available LLMs, open source LLMs. But at the same time, those LLMs need to be trained. They 
need to be configured. They need to be set up with the right security protocols, as well as 
integrated with their existing application stack. So I think that's kind of the first big area of 
opportunity that we tapped into. 
Second, as you start thinking about areas that these solutions will impact in short order before 
enterprises really fully integrate, for example, a Copilot or a CodeWhisperer, I think the 
immediate opportunity actually starts showing up in areas where there is digital leakage, whether 
it is experience, automation, whether it is creating a highly digitized engagement model for 
internal employees or partners or end customers. So, combining Conversational AI with GenAI, 
I think, is where the immediate opportunity has been for us. 
And the third area is, we have also started to see significant embedment of AI in operations 
optimization and transformation, which is much more than what RPA was. I think this is a 
massively more powerful ecosystem of platforms that are being deployed in helping truly 
transform the way you run business operations, ongoing processes, document management and 
more importantly, things that require significant training of models to detect things like fraud, 
anti-money laundering, sanction screening. So I think there's a significant opportunity in the 
whole governance, risk, compliance and documentation phase. So those are, I would say, the 
early wins that we've seen in the last 2-3 months. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Quite helpful. My second question was on the deal win side. So there's quite a phenomenal 
increase that we have seen. Can you give some color on, are some of these deals already part of 
the DXC channel or all of this is entirely incremental deal that we are seeing? And how is the 
pipeline looking like post the deal closure that we have seen? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So Kumar, we don't really include any DXC deals in this TCV disclosure. This is all direct TCV. 
This is a business that will continue to have an impact on our direct revenues. So as such, those 
two are completely separate and always have been. The uptick really is, if you go back the last 
2 or 3 quarters, we've had an expanding pipeline. But obviously, the pace of decision-making 
was a little bit slower. We've seen some unclogging of that in the last 3 months. 
We've also seen some opportunities where we were fairly nimble and jumped right in to actually 
construct deals where we thought client had urgent needs. Some of them are in the nature of 
transformation we talked about. Some of them are in the nature of accelerating the adoption of 
both cloud and cognitive because it is a time bound, for example, a data center retirement 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
strategy and they need to get certain goals by certain time periods, especially in this constrained 
environment they cannot afford cost overrun. So I think those have created significant 
opportunities around legacy modernization, application transformation using cloud and 
cognitive. And of course, we've given a breakout of where the pipeline sits today in terms of our 
tribes. 
The health of the pipeline is actually still pretty healthy because we've grown at 6% sequentially 
despite this level of conversion and it's up more than 20% on a Y-o-Y basis almost across all our 
segments except BPO. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JPMorgan. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Just maybe to start with, Nitin, could you maybe elaborate on this TCV that you've been able to 
achieve this quarter. Clearly, it's been very healthy and very strong. From what I can see, the net 
TCV announced is more than the revenues in the last 12 months and of course, we've seen some 
challenges in terms of conversion there. So, could you maybe highlight if there's any change in 
your confidence of the conversion going forward, which is driving your confidence on growth 
returning? And if it's possible to sort of also break out the moving parts within DXC, DR and 
the rest as it translates to the contracts you've won? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So, Ankur, there are 2 things to think about. I think you mentioned that our TCV closure in the 
last 4 or 5 quarters has been almost one to one because it's Direct TCV. The way to think about 
it is while that has a definite impact in providing revenue visibility, the leakage of discretionary 
cuts, the leakage coming out of mortgage units as well as on a Y-o-Y basis, of course, we've 
declined the DXC business- all those three obviously have been headwinds to revenue on a run 
rate basis. 
The fourth thing that I want you to think about is that in the current environment, not only are 
we seeing tightness in spend, but there was a pretty significant pressure any time you had a 
project closure or you delivered a program, it got harder and harder to find shorter-term organic 
growth programs to fill that bucket. So I think that will definitely revert back to mean once 
discretionary spend gets a little bit more normal. It's not quite there yet. 
The conversion of sold TCV to revenue has also been slow as you probably heard from the rest 
of the industry participants as well. The early signs are actually fairly encouraging. Of the TCV, 
we've closed in Q1, we have seen already impact in quarter -- obviously, towards the later part 
of the quarter. So, it will play out in the run rate through Q2, and which is what gives us the 
confidence of the fact that we seem to have formed a base and a bottom in Q1. 
Ankur Rudra: 
In terms of growth, I just wanted to clarify that... 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I am sorry. Manish wants to add something. 
Manish Dugar: 
To your question, Ankur, on the color regarding DXC, DR. Like Nitin mentioned, we are not 
only seeing contract closures, we are also seeing conversations from customers on volume 
increase as well as starting to build for capacity, and that gives confidence that mortgage is 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
certainly bottoming out. And in DXC, based on our conversations and the various negotiations 
that we are having, we believe that we will be able to hold the current run rate on a stable basis. 
Ankur Rudra: 
The follow-up was on organic growth this quarter. What were the revenues recognized from this 
Kore.ai's professional business that has been acquired? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Ankur, I think it's not fair to talk specific clients. We basically signed a fairly large partnership 
on professional services, product engineering and solutions development. I think there is an 
element of that in the numbers, but we are not going to break out individual client numbers. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Fair. And the question was more in terms of organic growth because there was an acquisition 
that was mentioned in the notes to accounts. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think acquisition is more from a capability acquisition. There wasn't an M&A transaction here. 
Ankur Rudra: 
But there seem to be -- you will have be paying USD60 million on a next 3-year basis for this 
professional services business has been taken over by Mphasis? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. I think what we have done is we basically created a construct where we are embedding 
their solution in our deal archetypes and there is an arrangement that we've constructed with 
them that will create an ability for us to actually get bulk licenses for us to be able to rebundle 
those solutions. So think of this as a solution construct with a build-by-partner is our approach. 
There are things we build, there are clients we partner with. I mean, it's not unusual for us to go 
do the same thing with multiple other partners including hyperscalers. So I think it's a fairly 
comprehensive 360 partnership across both firms. We have a platinum tier status with them, and 
we've made certain joint commitments into the partnership on both sides. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. Then the last one, I think, is more around the AI announcements you've made. I mean, it 
sounds very exciting that you've won USD250 million worth of AI deal. Just help us put this in 
context. The biggest company in the industry, Accenture, has announced that the total AI 
revenues they have at the moment or GenAI revenue is about USD100 million. How do we make 
sense of your number, which is 2.5 times that? Is this a very different definition that you are 
using versus what they were using,? 
And also, maybe you can clarify how much of this is generative AI versus analytics, which you 
had anyway from before. And sort of in terms of the large deals, normally, large deals take time 
to win, to construct, as you know. Has there been any sort of retagging here because AI has 
become more relevant to the clients now and hence it's important for them to call this AI? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Not really, Ankur. This is why I said it's not AI powered, it's actually pure AI, basically, 
implementation of things that I explained to Kumar earlier on in the question, there is no element 
of existing revenue being reclassified as AI in this case. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay. And I mean, just as a follow-up to that one. You mentioned the industry has had this leaky 
bucket problem, and everybody else has in the last 6 months. Do you think generative AI can 
accelerate that or make it tougher, especially on the BPO side of the business, some of the more 
legacy applications, maintenance side of the business? 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think , every new tech platform is an opportunity and a threat. We've seen the same thing play 
out in infrastructure services over the last 10 years. While it's been a headwind for people who 
manage those infrastructure assets and data center services, it's been a huge tailwind for players 
like us who are always asset-light and focused more on the application as well as transformation 
side. So similarly, whether this is a threat or an opportunity is a reflection of what your current 
portfolio of services is and how you can actually construct transformation deals without 
necessarily focusing on immediate impact on these services because there may be an element of 
transforming what you deliver to the customer because if you don't, somebody else will disrupt 
it anyway. 
So I think we are very forward leaning on creating propositions and being very proactive with 
clients in applying those services and technology assets in our current book of business. And 
we've won great amount of wallet share in the last 5 years using that strategy. So for us, it's 
definitely a tailwind. We are, as I mentioned, being very proactive in constructing almost every 
tribe led deal archetype or powering it with AI, whether it is app dev, whether it is modernization, 
I think there are some really interesting use cases in modernization, there are some really 
interesting use cases in cloud led transformation. 
We talked about, IT assist, customer experience support and of course, business process 
operations. But I think given that in many of these areas, we have a fairly forward-looking view. 
And in some of these areas, we don't have a large share of wallet, we can definitely expand our 
share of wallet using these capabilities. So this is an interesting way to wedge open opportunities 
that we were hitherto not really playing in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So I had a couple of questions. So I think first is, on the Digital Risk side, you mentioned a 
request for increase in capacity. So I'm just surprised that it has happened so early because the 
rates still seem so high. So contextually what's really happening here that it's sort of picking up 
earlier than one would imagine? So I think that's the first question. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
You have to think about not just the new originations. I think the rate-sensitive part of the 
business is first mortgage and refinance. There are four other lines of business that are not so 
rate sensitive. One is the whole home equity line of credit. We talked about that in the last 12 
months. There, given that housing prices have remained fairly stable, there is an opportunity that 
consumers are tapping into to take out second loans or home equity loans. So that uptick is the 
first uptick that became visible over the last few weeks or the later part of the quarter, and has 
carried into the current quarter as well. Second, there is a pickup in diligence activity because 
loan books have started getting traded. I think we are already, we had actually called for that 
towards late spring, early summer. So that doesn't surprise us. Go back to the call, I would say, 
6 months ago, and we actually did say that the market will not stay locked forever. So that trading 
activity leads to diligence services. We do expect that to continue to tick up as well. 
And third, as the interest rate cycle enters its late phase, banks are also gearing up for loan 
restructurings, as well as servicing those loans both on an inbound basis as well as proactively 
reaching out to consumers because, in the end, banks want to deploy the capital they have, they 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
want to extend those loan tenures and so on and so forth. So I think that's what's driving the 
current uptick in volumes. There are still ways to go before we see any major uptick in refinance 
for sure.. mortgage probably will recover before that because the housing market has actually 
stayed fairly robust. The issue is more on the commercial real estate side in the U.S., the 
residential real estate, the rents, all of that has been fairly robust. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. That's very helpful. Second was on the ramp-up, right? So one is the earlier deals, maybe 
Q3 and so forth. Have they started ramping up? Or do you think that begins to ramp up? And 
second, the deals that you have won today, do you think they sort of ramp up on time? And by 
when do you see them sort of ramp up? So that's on the ramp-up side and... 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes. Go ahead, go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. The second part was on the existing book of business. So excluding mortgage, within BFS, 
do you continue to see sort of headwinds on revenue as we saw this quarter, continuing for some 
more time and sort of tempering down growth despite the accretion from new deals. Yes, those 
are the 2 questions. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think on the first one, as I mentioned, as Manish calls them the 3 phases, origination, closure 
and conversion. Origination actually was fairly robust over the last 12 months. That's the reason 
pipeline has grown this robustly on a Y-o-Y basis as well. Closure, I think, was a little bit muted. 
That's why our TCV was trending in the 300 to 400 range for four quarters in a row.  
But that seems to have definitely picked up because I think there is a point at which the execs 
have to make some decisions and move on because there is a finite amount of time with which 
they need to implement certain programs. And of course, our ability to blend their needs with a 
proposition is something that's come in very handy with the proactive nature of our pipeline. So 
I think the closure has definitely picked up, and that's the first sign that we are seeing that 
decision-making is starting to revert a little bit out of that frozen zone. And the conversion, while 
it is not where we expect it to be, we still have a proportion of deals that are taking fairly long 
time to convert.  
It depends on client situation, the business cycle that a customer is in, as well as the ramp-up 
schedule that they originally agreed to versus what they want to re-baseline it to, so there is a 
lengthening that has happened there. But given just the experience in the last 3 months through 
the quarter, it progressively seems to get a little bit better. So we do have early signs that not 
only is origination and closure are getting better, the conversion is starting to get a little bit better. 
So we are cautiously optimistic, too early to tell, but early signs are encouraging. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure. And on the banking financial services, existing book of business, do you continue to see 
headwinds there on a going-forward basis ex mortgage? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Yes, I think this was probably the crescendo quarter when it came to bubbling up of all the issues 
that came up in the banking sector starting in March and probably culminating in the crisis 
getting resolved at least for now through, I would say, middle of the quarter. So right now, I 
think it is status quo, it seems to be stable, we haven't seen any major ramp-down requests in the 
recent few weeks. But I think –in another 2 or 3 months, the 2024 budgeting cycles will start. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
So we will see some pent-up demand or unspent budget kind of starting to open up between the 
Labor Day to Thanksgiving season. 
But at the same time, it's a little bit too early to call whether it's across the board activity because 
there are segments of banking that are still fairly stressed, especially on the CIB side. On the 
consumer side, things have been fairly stable and continue to be stable. Wealth and asset have 
been fairly stable because that's been a bright spot actually across the domain, and we just talked 
about mortgage as well. So I think increasingly, as we see resolution of cyclical issues, we will 
see opening up of spends on the discretionary side in the very short run. That actually will give 
us some short burst revenue and clearly are important for consistent growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, I have 2, 3 questions. One, if you could talk a little bit about the tenure of the TCV that gets 
closed at 700. So say, for comparison sake, Q1 '23 versus Q1 '24, how we should see the tenure 
thing? And second is related to the split of BFSI decline that we saw in 1Q. So what target 
mortgage and how should we see between regional bank, mortgage and core business? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
So on the first question, there is no major change to call out in terms of the tenure of large deals. 
However, there is a little bit of drying up of shorter duration small deals, and that's tied to the 
discretionary spend pattern that we talked about. I think, as such, the seven large deals, the 
duration, the multi-tower nature, the transformation-type deals, all of that is fairly consistent and 
has felt fairly steady over the last 4 quarters. The only change to call out, as I mentioned, is the 
small organic growth type deals. For example, when you roll out a project or if you lose 2 or 3 
people, backfills get stopped. So I think that's probably the only thing to call out for in the –
break up  of the TCV. 
On the second question around Direct ex-DR versus Direct BFS. I think that, that data has been 
published in the deck. I think Direct ex-DR was almost flat on a Y-o-Y basis. Of course, on a 
sequential basis, I think it (Direct BFS) had a decline, approximately 8%. The DR business also 
declinedin this quarter, not to the extent that it had in the last 2 quarters, but it's definitely still 
little bit head-winded. I think it's not fair to break out the impact from segments of banking. So 
I'm not going to answer what impact was from regional versus non-regional because then we're 
starting to get very client specific. But all puts and takes together... 
Mohit Jain: 
So regional banks, are we done with the cuts, etc, that you were anticipating? Or do you think 
some of that will flow through into 2Q as well? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think on a consolidated basis, bulk of it is behind us, and that's the reason we mentioned that 
we are cautiously optimistic, but it's hard to call exactly the bottom in a segment that is so 
exposed to macro. So at this point, I think all I'm going to tell you is bulk of the cuts are behind 
us. Mortgage definitely seems to have bottomed. And that's kind of what was one of the biggest 
headwinds to our BFS business in the last 4 quarters. And I think we will look forward to 
additional data points through Q2 to see if we can truly call a bottom in the entire banking. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. And one last, again on Q2. During the quarter we announced a DXC subsidiary transfer. 
So I assume that will be consolidated in Q2. So how should we specifically look at Q2 growth 
outlook given that some of the tailwinds are also coming through? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think it is hard to give you specific Q2 guidance. We are, as we mentioned, we think we had a 
base formation and a bottoming out in Q1. At this point in time, it looks like that we will see 
sequential growth, but it probably will accelerate as we get into Q3 and Q4. 
Mohit Jain: 
So when you say sequential growth, sequential growth plus whatever the subsidiary adds up, 
right? That's the... 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Over the Q1. Over Q1. 
Mohit Jain: 
So sequential growth plus something from DXC subsidiary which will flow through? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
You are asking me to answer something that I'm not willing to disclose at this point in time only 
because, as I mentioned in the past, I would not like to discuss specific contractual arrangements 
with the outside world. It's something that we have to kind of guard against. All of this is baked 
into the guidance I just gave you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
A couple of questions. First, about the deal intake. I just want to understand the nature of 
competition, which we faced. For 100 million plus deal and I think another large deal, which 
you indicated, 40-odd million in Canada. So if you can provide some sense about nature of 
competition, and you indicated non-BFS. But if you can provide some sense about the type of 
work which we do, and if possible some of the industries where we are trying to provide 
offerings and whether it is part of Non-top 3 kind of focus areas in terms of some of the emerging 
verticals, which we indicated. 
Second question is, you indicated some one-timer in cash, so can you provide some more detail 
about one-timer you are referring to? And last question is about DXC subsidiary-related 
transaction. So how one look at it? If I look last few years of that subsidiary performance, 
remains very inconsistent, both on revenue and margin performance. So first about the 
capability, how we see synergy with Mphasis offering? Second thing is what are your growth 
plan? And last is, what is the current revenue around that entity running at? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Manish, why don't you take the last 2 questions, and then I'll talk about the pipeline outside and 
the wins and the competitive intensity. 
Manish Dugar: 
Dipesh, Manish here. Taking the question on the cash first, the onetime is essentially three  
things. You would have seen in our balance sheet, our classification of non-current assets. That's 
a structured contract and the finance cost of delayed collection is baked into the commercials. 
But it does come up in the DSO and the receivables. And then there is a collection that was 
erroneously sent from the client of an amount close to USD25 million (SWIFT code error), and 
then that got reinitiated and it hit the Nostro Account after the third of July. And then because 
the weekend happened and it was a long weekend for 4th July, some of the collections came in 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
late. If we were to normalize for these, we are talking about almost 13 days impact on the DSO. 
So without these, we would be at 64- 65 days of DSO. So that's what we have called out as one-
timers. All of this money,(except for the deferral) came in by the 7th of July, but we have not 
included that in our cash flow for the quarter ended 30th June. 
Second question on the DXC transaction. It's a capability acquisition, primarily helps us in 
building our relationship with Microsoft and capability that we can take to clients in 
implementing Dynamics. We looked at the asset from the perspective of synergy benefits and 
expansion of TAM that we can have in our client base, and we feel very good about the fact that 
it comes along with logos and revenues that also gives us a boost in our Europe business. So at 
an overall level, wouldn't like to comment on what happened with that business within DXC. 
But we do believe that once we acquire, we will be able to create a lot of value out of the 
transaction. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Going back to your other question on the competitive intensity, especially on the large deals, I 
think it's not a surprise that almost every deal is hot pot. And while we may have had an element 
of helping shape the deal proactively, given the size of the deals and the governance mechanism 
at most large enterprises, banks included, there is a competitive process that everybody follows. 
So I think the usual players that you can think of from our larger peers in India to the global SIs 
to specialist consulting regional firms, almost all of them are present in many cases, many more 
than one are present as we go through the competitive process. 
To give you an example, there was a large deal in the banking segment where there was 7 people 
that were invited to the bid. And many of them were incumbents. We were not. And in that case, 
over a period of 3 months, we managed to run through the process. And at the back of our tribe-
lead deal archetype, we actually differentiated really well and came through the process to win 
the business. So I think almost every deal is very similar in nature when it comes to the 
competitive intensity. Yes, of course, some of them, we very proactively work to identify the 
opportunity, and that gives us a higher win rate in the proactive deals. So that's kind of typically 
the nature. 
There are, especially in times where demand is stressed, the competitive intensity actually does 
get higher. And couple that with slower decision-making, it is definitely a lot of hard work that 
goes into making these deals come to closure. 
Manish Dugar: 
Dipesh, to your first question on the industry and type of work in the TCV, majority of the 
growth in TCV over the last quarter actually came from outside of BFS. The good thing is that 
the work has got a lot of broad basing from a demand perspective. Geography-wise, as we talked 
about, the fact that it is a significant TCV from Canada given its proportion to the size of Canada 
business. From a service perspective, a large part of it is application centric. From a vertical 
perspective, it is actually reflective of investments made in building some of the other verticals. 
From an account perspective, a lot of this is from beyond the Top 10 customers, which is, again, 
reflective of the investments we made in NCA and our efforts to diversify. So if you think about 
it, it is actually helping us diversify across all dimensions- the clients, the verticals, the 
geography, and from a capability perspective, not to forget significant contribution from the AI-
led transactions. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood. The only follow-up question, which is, I think unanswered was on the DXC 
subsidiary I'm referring to, what is the revenue run rate? 
Manish Dugar: 
So we would not like to disclose that, Dipesh. It's like Nitin mentioned earlier... 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think the right way to think about it is Microsoft business applications is the reason we actually 
took over that book of business. It is part of strategy that we've been following up, building a 
string of pearlscapability. It is something that had been in the works for many months in terms 
of really identifying pockets where we could get to a business arrangement that works for both 
parties. And it is not material in terms of the overall size of our business. But at the same time, 
from a capability standpoint, it is definitely something that will, and it's already creating 
synergies because we actually integrated that pretty much on day 1. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Just 1 question. Nitin, is there any large client-specific issues still worrying you in any of your 
industry segments? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
As I mentioned before, the metric that we are mainly focused on is wallet share within a customer 
and expansion of TAM in every large customer. So these are two things that we continuously 
focus on as we drive the account plans. If I focus on these 2 metrics, I don't see significant areas 
of concern that give us a pause saying, we need to double down or we are not really well-placed 
in any of our top accounts. Of course, it also depends on the environment that those accounts are 
going through. 
And in some cases, we've had certain client-specific issues that have kind of lingered on for a 
little bit longer. But I think on an overall basis, it is driven more by what's going on outside our 
control versus the micro focus that we've been bringing to the table pretty consistently over the 
last 5 years. So I think we'll continue to execute the strategy. We'll continue to expand that cohort 
account planning based model to accounts outside the Top 5, Top 10, which is why I broke out 
the performance coming out of accounts in 11 to 20 and 21 to 30 as well as outside of BFS. 
So I think the 3 vectors of diversification, we will continue to expand. And of course, given that 
we are so focused on TAM expansion and wallet share expansion inside of our existing top 
customers, I think we will actually disproportionately benefit either through consolidation, 
which also has continued to show good promise or through return of spends. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. So my question was on that -- the path which you alluded. The issues in the large clients, 
which are outside your control, led by macro issues, those issues largely bottoming out, or you 
believe still it's early to call out that? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think it's too early to call it out at a group level. I think they are, as I mentioned, right, it all 
depends on the segment that we are operating in. Some of those clients, while we've actually 
grown the share of wallet in tech services, we've obviously lost revenue on the mortgage side 
because that just was so headwinded, it's the same customer. So I think it's more nuanced by 
LOB or by segment that you are operating in. Even within our very large customers, some of 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
them have been more exposed to the slowness in deal making on Wall Street, which has an 
impact on their spends in CIB versus their spends in consumer or payment or asset and wealth. 
So I think it's a little bit more nuanced right now, which is why I gave you guys an outlook by 
LOB or business segment within banking. I think that's the right way to think about it. Obviously, 
we are more comfortable today in many of those segments than we were 3 months ago. But I 
think it's too early to say that across the board, the demand has come back or there is a big bang 
change. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ashwin Mehta: from AMBIT Capital. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Just wanted to get a sense in terms of the USD700 million plus of deal flow. Any duration 
changes that you have seen versus earlier given that there were four 100 million-plus deals here? 
And the second question was in terms of our margin outlook as we go through the year, given 
that we have significant scope in terms of utilization, growth is also expected to improve. And 
the third one is on our Top 10 client cohorts because we've seen sharp declines there. So as a 
cohort, do you see that stabilize as you go forward and see a similar sequential growth that we're 
guiding for the overall company? How should we see that? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Ashwin, on the first question around duration, I think I just answered it a few minutes ago. 
Nothing to call out. The contract duration, multi-tower nature and transformation, all of that has 
been fairly consistent on the large deal side. So there isn't any significant change in any of those, 
that's the point number one. But I think a corollary to that was that we've definitely seen a 
downtick over the last couple of quarters in the smaller deals that typically do add up to in-
quarter revenue and ACV. So I think that is tied directly to the cuts and discretionary spends and 
the lack of opportunity to backfill or project rollovers that don't get refunded. So that's the first 
point. Second, maybe on margin, Manish, you can take the second one. 
Manish Dugar: 
So Ashwin, we talked about our philosophy of maintaining margin in a narrow bandwidth, with 
investing for growth. And we talked about the fact that there will be an expansion in the margin 
as we go forward. We did expand the margin, although a very small number, 15.4% from 15.3%. 
But when you think about it, this came despite the sharp decline in revenue and the pressure we 
had continuing from the prior quarters on a variety of metrics. Operating metric, as you rightly 
mentioned, continues to give tailwinds, whether it is utilization, whether it is pyramid, whether 
it is the value driven sales leading to better pricing environment. 
And we feel confident about the margin as we go forward, leading to us guiding that we would 
be reporting expanded margin as we go forward. I know that the environment is very different 
when we look at the peer group, but we feel reasonably confident that we will deliver the 
expanded margin, and we have done our bit in terms of making sure that that happens despite 
the investments that we want to make in the business as we go forward. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think your third question was around the Top 10 cohort and when do we see recovery. I think 
as I mentioned, I just gave a nuance on lines of business. I think as we've seen an uptick on the 
mortgage side that will definitely feed back into the Top 10 cohort because there are multiple 
clients where we do service them on the mortgage side as well as on the tech side. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Second, I think some of the large deal inflow will definitely feed in at an overall company level, 
but the large deal closures, the pipeline is fairly strong in BFS, as I mentioned, but I think the 
closures have to pick up a little bit more for us to start seeing that uptick. My sense is, there’s 
probably a little bit of a lag between, especially in some of those banking heavy top clients, but 
the confidence on second half acceleration really comes from an uptick in the Top 10 cohort as 
well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. It seems that we have lost line from 
Manik. We'll move to the next question that is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred 
Capital. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Congrats on the strong bookings. Just 1 question on the bookings. So I wanted to understand, if 
you can give a color whether these are wallet share wins? Or did we displace any competition? 
And second is, was there any change that you noticed in the closure timelines of these deals from 
the initial conversations to closure? What I'm trying to understand is, was there a bunching of 
closures or these were actually closed way before than you anticipated? 
Nitin Rakesh: 
I think on the first question around displacement of competitors, I think I answered that in the 
context of competitive intensity. Given that majority of these were outside of Top 10, you can 
actually easily say that many of them are wallet share gain deals because we've constructed 
propositions and effectively eaten into somebody else's share of wallet because we've, in many 
cases, bundled change and run our transformation in these deals. There are deals, for example, 
the likes of Canada that are pure greenfield, new client acquisition deals where we were able to 
really construct a proposition and create an opportunity. I think that's kind of, I mean, whether 
we call it wallet share or new customer acquisition, and I'll leave it to you to decide. 
There is obviously an element of, as I mentioned, a fairly high degree of complexity that is 
involved in getting a deal from origination to conversion, not just closure but conversion. And I 
think while there has been some uptick in that, it is very specific to certain segments that I think 
we would like to see that spread across other segments as well. Given that there is a significant 
portion of these deals that are also outside of BFS, I think some of that did play in.  
And we've called out deals in healthcare. We've called out deals in hi-tech. I think all of those 
continue to really help the overall strategy of diversification, as well as creating new engines of 
growth, both from a deal standpoint, and of course, subsequently on a revenue standpoint. Did I 
miss anything from your question? 
Moderator: 
Abhishek, does this answer your question? Sir, we have one last question that we received over 
the webcast. That is from the line of Haresh Alamchandani from Smart Money Financials. The 
question is, sir, I trust your leadership, vision and enterprise. However, can you please plan to 
deliver 15% growth in net margin by increasing revenue and cutting on opex? 
Manish Dugar: 
Haresh, thanks for the confidence. We have stated the philosophy of maintaining margin in a 
narrow band and investing for growth. We believe that, that delivers a better return to our 
shareholders, given the growth multiplied by EBIT eventually is the EPS. We will continue to 
look at the avenues for investing while making sure that the margin remains in a narrow band. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347

 
Mphasis Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Having said that, as the scale happens and as we grow, we believe operating leverage gives us a 
northward bias to the margins, and that's what's reflected in the expanded reported margin this 
quarter and the confidence of reporting an expanded margin as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to Mr. Nitin Rakesh for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Nitin Rakesh: 
Thank you all for your interest in Mphasis and your questions this morning. While the macro 
environment continues to remain uncertain, we are very pleased with the record breaking TCV 
as well as the large deal wins this quarter. And we continue to be cautiously optimistic. And at 
the same time, we'll continue to update you through the remainder of the year and look forward 
to seeing you all on the next calls. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Mphasis Limited, that concludes this 
conference. If you have any further questions, please reach out to the Mphasis Investor Relations 
at investor.relations@mphasis.com. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
DocuSign Envelope ID: BBBBE627-86C7-414C-B7AC-066AEAB08347
