 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLCO56696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 086 
 
July 25, 2023 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 21, 2023 
Ref:  Our earlier intimations under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 073 dated 
July 15, 2023 (‘Intimation’) and NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 082 dated July 21, 2023, 
titled as ‘Outcome and Audio call Recording of investor/analyst call held on 
Friday, July 21, 2023’ 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached 
transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Friday, July 21, 2023, for the quarter ended on June 
30, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website. 
 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q1FY24.pdf (persistent.com) 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: As above 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2023.07.25 
17:09:34 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
FIRST QUARTER, FY24 ENDED JUNE 30, 2023” 
July 21, 2023 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Persistent Systems 
earnings conference call for the first quarter FY24 ended June 30, 2023.  
We have with us today on the call, Dr. Anand Deshpande, Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra, Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Sunil Sapre, Executive Director and Chief Financial 
Officer, and Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi, Head of Investor Relations. Please note, 
all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the management’s opening 
remarks. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please 
raise your hand from the participants’ tab on the screen. While asking 
questions, request you to please identify yourself and your company. 
Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Sandeep Kalra. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, moderator. Good evening, good morning, good afternoon to 
all of you, depending on where you're joining from. We would like to start 
this call by thanking each one of our customers, partners and investors, as 
well as our 23,000-plus team members for their resilience and continued 
trust. Let me now start with our quarterly financials. We are happy to 
report yet another good growth quarter across major business and 
financial metrics, even as the macroeconomic environment remained 
uncertain.  
The revenue for Q1 came in at US$ 282.9 million giving us a growth of 3% 
quarter-on-quarter and 17.1% on year-on-year basis. In rupee terms, the 
growth for the quarter came in at 3% quarter-on-quarter and 23.7% year-
on-year basis.  
Coming to EBIT, our EBIT for Q1 came in at 14.9%. This translates into a 
growth of 29% on year-on-year basis. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, the 
EBIT margin declined by 50 basis points as the tailwind of revenue growth 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
was offset by higher visa cost, higher amortization cost and doubtful debt 
provision. Sunil will provide more color on the EBIT margin movement later 
in the call. 
We are happy to report that we have implemented salary increments for 
our global employees as per our regular cycle effective July 2023. We 
expect to offset most of the margin headwinds due to the wage increase 
through cost utilization measures, which are being set in motion from Q2 
onwards. We remain committed to our goal of improving EBIT margins 
over the medium-term. 
Now coming to the order book for the quarter. The total contract value for 
the quarter came in at US$ 380.3 million, with new bookings TCV coming 
in at US$ 237.2 million. The annual contract value component of this TCV 
is of the order of US$ 271.9 million, of which the new booking ACV 
component contributed to US$ 144.1 million. While the demand 
environment remained stable, there were a few instances of delays in 
customers’ decision making, owing to which some deals got pushed out to 
subsequent quarters, and we are hopeful of closing these deals in Q2 and 
subsequent quarters. Please note that as always, these TCV-ACV numbers 
include all bookings - small and large, renewals as well as new bookings 
across existing as well as new customers. 
Coming to the client engagement size, let me give you some color on our 
client engagement size. We are pleased to report that our top customer 
revenue saw a healthy growth of 13.4% Q-on-Q in USD terms. This was on 
the back of 30% plus growth in the previous quarter. We continue to 
partner closely with our top customers to help them achieve their digital 
transformation objectives, while also exploring meaningful opportunities 
for long-term transformation. Our overall portfolio of top-50 customers 
grew by a robust 5.7% during Q1. As you would appreciate, our base of 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
top-50 customers is a portfolio of our strongest relationships and different 
customers are likely to take leadership in driving growth of this portfolio in 
different quarters. We are excited to report that the progression of our 
clients across important revenue thresholds continues, with one additional 
customer moving into the US$ 20 to 30 million band during the quarter, 
scaling up from the lower client revenue bracket. The total count of US$ 5 
to 10 million customers increased to 21 from 17. The total count of greater 
than US$ 5 million customers is up to 38, compared with a count of 34 in 
the last quarter and 26 such customers in Q1 FY23. 
On the geography side, North America grew 4.9% Q-on-Q in USD terms, 
while India revenue grew by 1.5% Q-on-Q. Europe revenue declined 2.8% 
Q-on-Q on a smaller base.     
Coming to the people front, in Q1, we added 241 colleagues on a net basis, 
taking our total headcount to 23,130. We continue to increase the 
deployment of freshers on customer projects, though significant room still 
remains in improving fresher utilization, and this will be an important 
margin lever for us in the next few quarters.   
The blended utilization for the quarter came in at 78.3% as against 77.3% 
in Q4 FY23, aided partly by increased fresher utilization. On the trailing 12-
month attrition, we saw the quarter come in at 15.5% compared to 19.8% 
in Q4. Attrition has come down to a more comfortable band compared to 
the last few quarters. The decline in attrition should nonetheless be seen 
in the context of general moderation of hiring across the sector and 
positive outcomes from our employee value-related interventions by our 
HR.  
Moving on from operational metrics to certain strategic highlights for this 
quarter. A number of you have been inquiring about generative AI and our 
forays into the same, so let’s start with that. As a pioneering digital 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
engineering firm, Persistent has been committed to innovation and staying 
ahead of the curve across major technological developments. We have 
been working in the field of AI and the related technology segments for 
the last several years and have been working with several enterprise 
customers in their data transformation and AI programs as well as with 
technology companies in building the technology for enterprises. Our 
many AI practitioners, researchers and senior leaders have been closely 
following the Generative AI developments and are enabling us to 
strategically adapt to these evolutions in the field of AI and meaningfully 
participate in the growing opportunities of Generative AI.   
Over the last several quarters, we have been working on strengthening our 
partnership with leading hyperscalers, AWS, Microsoft and Google around 
their Gen AI initiatives, as you would have noticed from our earnings 
presentation and fact sheet. In Gen AI domain, our target is to train 16,000 
of our employees over the next several quarters. We have developed 
playbooks to be effectively use code assess tools such as AWS Code 
Whisperer, Microsoft GitHub Copilot to systematically boost productivity 
of our Gen AI use while resolving the privacy and licensing challenges, 
working closely with our hyperscaler and other technology partners. An 
advanced level training will focus on competencies such as AI engineering, 
enterprise architecture, deep understanding of IP, data privacy, security, 
product liability, trust and identity considerations as we move deeper into 
Generative AI. We have and will continue to train our architects and 
developers to build AI-infused applications from the get-go to ensure that 
AI is embedded into our work culture. 
We have also been leveraging Gen AI technologies in our own internal 
landscape as customer zero and are unlocking significant productivity 
across several use cases across functions such as HR, marketing and IT 
purposes. With all this, we are finding good momentum on the business 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
side as well and are in discussion with over 50 plus clients on Generative 
AI-related project opportunities. These are a combination of Gen AI 
Advisory, Gen AI Powered Payer Programmer, Legacy Code Based 
Migration, Conversational AI, Enterprise Search, Enterprise Data 
Modernization, Gen AI Security as well as Gen AI broader engagements to 
name a few. We expect the adoption of Gen AI to pick up significantly over 
the next several quarter and years. At this point of time, while the revenue 
from this may be smaller, the adoption of this should significantly increase 
over the next 3 to 4 quarters and in subsequent years.  
Coming to the update on the M&A side. At this point, all our earlier 
acquisitions are fully integrated and we are proud to say we are winning 
deals jointly based on the joint capabilities and these are fructifying 
through the combination of Persistent and acquired companies. We are 
once again active on the M&A front and will report progress on this front 
over the next several quarters.  
On the board front, we welcomed Dr. Ajit Ranade as an Independent 
Director to our Board of Directors. Dr. Ranade, a renowned academician 
and economist brings to Persistent his impressive experience of 32+ years 
to help guide our strategy and accelerate our growth journey. We are 
looking forward to working closely with him as well as our other board 
members for the next phase of Persistent’s growth.   
We have shared more details as a part of our Q1 earnings release for our 
investors’ reference.  
Coming to the updates from our AGM, we recently conducted our 33rd 
Annual General Meeting earlier this week on 18th July. I am pleased to 
share that all the resolutions that were put to vote have been approved by 
the shareholders with requisite majority. On behalf of all of us, I would like 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
to take a moment to thank all our retail and institutional shareholders for 
their support in this regard.  
Coming to the administrative updates, on the administrative side we 
opened a new office in Jaipur, India as our latest COE for Salesforce-related 
technologies, Krakow, Poland as an extension of our nearshore capabilities 
in Europe and Dallas, Texas as the latest hub for our Private Equity-related 
competency.  
In the coming months and quarters, our expansion plans include locations 
such as Kolkata, Kochi and Chennai. Our endeavor is to provide world class 
facilities to our employees in locations close to them and encourage them 
to work from office a few days every week. 
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in Q1 FY24 in a 
challenging business environment.   
I would now like to invite Sunil, our CFO to give a detailed color on the 
quarterly financials and related matters. I'll come back after Sunil's 
comments to give you some more details on key client wins, analyst 
awards, and other recognitions for the quarter. Sunil, over to you. 
Sunil Sapre:  
Thank you, Sandeep, and good evening and good day to all. Thank you for 
taking the time to join us today. Sandeep has given detailed update on the 
business side and the market perspective. Let me now take you through 
the details of financial performance for the quarter. 
Before I start detailing on the quarterly financials, I would like to call out 
some of the changes that we have made to our quarterly disclosures, 
which most of you would have noticed. We have provided additional 
disclosures in the nature of revenue contribution from top-50 clients, the 
total client base with annualized revenue in excess of US$ 250 K per 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
annum, effort mix between Global Delivery Centers and India, and Return 
on Capital Employed. 
At the same time, we are discontinuing certain data points including 
metrics across Services and IP business, such as the breakup between 
Services and IP revenue, Services and IP client base and Person Months, 
and as a result of that, breakup of Direct Cost between Employee Related 
Expenses, Purchase Royalty and Project Related Travel Expenses. These 
details are, of course, available in the detailed financials, on the face of the 
fact sheet, it is not there.  
As our business has become more complex, comprising of Fixed Price and 
Managed Services deals, the breakup across IP revenue is becoming less 
meaningful and hence the discontinuity of this disclosure. Moreover, you 
will also observe that post restructuring of one of the contracts with our 
top client some quarters ago, the IP-led revenue as percentage of total 
revenue has been less than 10%. It has been ranging between 7% to 9%. In 
view of the same, going forward, we will be reporting the total revenue. 
This being the quarter in change of disclosure, I would like to share that 
our Services revenue grew by 2.7% quarter-on-quarter and IP revenue 
grew by 8% quarter-on-quarter. The few other data points, which I 
mentioned above, which we are discontinuing is about the Revenue by 
Delivery Centers, the Billed Person Months and Onsite Offshore Utilization, 
while we continue to disclose Blended Utilization Rate including Trainees. 
As most of you are aware, we make the changes to our metrics at the start 
of the fiscal year, and we have made these changes as I have just called 
out, keeping in mind the industry practices and based on inputs we have 
received from the analyst community over a period of time.  
Let me now share with you details of the financial performance. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
The revenue for the quarter came in at US$ 282.9 million with a growth of 
3% quarter-on-quarter and 17.1% year-on-year in dollar terms. Revenue 
for the quarter in INR terms was INR 23,211.8 million, reflecting growth of 
3% quarter-on-quarter and 23.6% Y-o-Y. As I mentioned, Services revenue 
grew by 2.7%, while IP-led revenue grew by 8%.   
Coming to sequential growth for the quarter, BFSI grew 6.2%, Technology 
companies grew 3.3% while Healthcare and Life Sciences grew by 2.8% 
quarter-on-quarter. On the effort side, our blended utilization including 
trainees was 78.3% as compared to 77.3% last quarter and attrition was 
15.5%, reducing from 19.8% last quarter.  
As you are all aware and as Sandeep mentioned, we achieved US$ 1 billion 
in annual revenue in FY23 and it was only possible because of continued 
support by our customers, partners and employees. We had organized 
events across the globe to commemorate our journey with them and 
express our gratitude for their support. These events were well 
participated. The total one-time expense for these events and employee 
gifts amounted to INR 486 million, which impacted the margin by 2.1%. As 
you are aware, the board recommended a special dividend of INR 10 per 
share as a gesture of our appreciation of the support and continued trust 
by our shareholders.  
Let me now give you a walk-through of other details for the quarter. As 
you all know, this is a quarter where we do the H1B visa filings. This cost 
came in this quarter and accounted for 40 basis points of impact. We have 
been encouraging all our employees to work from office at least 2 to 3 days 
a week and during the last couple of years in order to be closer to our 
employees and also attract talent in various parts of the country. We have 
opened offices in Indore, Jaipur and Ahmedabad, and as you recall with 
our acquisitions that we did about a year ago, we have now presence in 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
NCR at Gurgaon and Noida. This coupled with expenses on food and travel 
due to increase in the offices, had an impact on margin by about 20 basis 
points. The slight increase in the doubtful debt provision had about 10 
basis points impact on the margin.  
With the above, EBITDA for the quarter was at 18.2% as against 18.5% in 
the previous quarter. Depreciation and amortization expenses were at 
3.3% as against 3.1% in the previous quarter. Last quarter, there was final 
allocation of purchase consideration for acquired entities, resulting in a 
credit of INR 40 million in amortization expense. In the normal course of 
business, there is an increase in amortization on account of investment in 
software tools for Learning and Development and for improved 
cybersecurity measures. As a result, in absolute terms, amortization which 
was INR 434 million in Q3 and had declined to INR 404 million due to the 
credit as I mentioned above, is currently at INR 476 million in this quarter. 
With this, the operational EBIT for the quarter was at INR 3,466 million at 
14.9% as against 15.4% in the previous quarter. 
Treasury income for the quarter was INR 154.58 million as against INR 
129.05 million, mainly on account of increased interest rates and treasury 
size. Forex loss was INR 64.1 million as against INR 189.1 million in the 
previous quarter. Profit before tax for the quarter was INR 3,070.5 million 
at 13.2% and if we adjust one-time expense for the US$ 1 billion 
celebration expenses, the PBT comes to 15.3% as against 15.1% in the 
previous quarter. ETR was 25.5% as against 26.2% in the previous quarter. 
PAT for the quarter was INR 2,287.7 million at 9.9% from a margin 
perspective adjusting for one-time expense, net of tax. Comparable PAT 
was INR 2,649.9 million before one-time expense, which is 11.4% of 
revenue as compared to INR 2,515.1 million in the previous quarter at 
11.2% of revenue. EPS for the quarter was INR 30.49 and adjusting for one-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
time expense, it would have been INR 35.32 as against INR 34.9 in the 
previous quarter. 
As I mentioned, we have disclosed ROCE for the quarter, which came in at 
30% as against 28.8% in the previous quarter. Operational capex for the 
quarter was INR 140.4 million. Total cash and investments were INR 14,089 
million as at 30th June 2023 as compared to INR 15,991 million as at 31st 
March. The cash balance at the end of Q1 was partially impacted by annual 
bonus payouts that happened in this quarter as well as AMCs and health 
insurance premiums, which is a seasonal item in this quarter. DSO came in 
at 67 days as against 68 days in the previous quarter. Due to long weekend 
in the US coinciding with the quarter-end, collections amounting to US$ 
9.8 million spilled over to first week of July, otherwise DSO could have 
come lower and more importantly it could have helped the cash. Forward 
contracts outstanding as on 30t June were US$ 230 million at an average 
rate of INR 83.53 per dollar. 
Let me explain the Working Capital movement and reasons for lower cash 
conversion during the quarter. As mentioned above, this quarter had 
payout of annual performance bonus to employees which amounted to 
INR 1,886 million. Software License purchases and Health Insurance 
premium renewals amounted to INR 890 million. There was an increase in 
GST receivable primarily on account of the software licenses, as mentioned 
above, and purchases of furniture and fit outs at our new Learning and 
Development Centre at Pune totaling INR 570 million. The unbilled 
revenue went up this quarter due to delay in receipt of POs from few 
customers, some of which have already been received in July and have 
been invoiced. As regards collections, as mentioned above, due to the long 
weekend, collections to the tune of INR 800 million came in the first three 
working days of July in the U.S. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
All these factors cumulatively impacted cash conversion during the 
quarter. You will observe that first quarter of the year is reasonably lower 
for us in terms of cash conversion, but this time, higher spend on software 
purchases, increase in unbilled revenue and higher spillover of collections 
bunching together impacted the cash. This is under focus and we expect 
the same to even out over the next couple of quarters. 
With that, I thank you everyone and hand it back to Sandeep. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you, Sunil. I'll now talk about the key deal wins for Q1 by industry 
segments, starting with the Software, Hi Tech and Emerging Industries. We 
were selected by a leading provider of a SAS platform for Customer 
Service, Sales and Customer Communication. This is a large deal for us 
spanning over three years in which we will establish an Offshore 
Development Centre to undertake engineering on existing as well as new 
products of the customer. Persistent was elected as a strategic partner by 
multinational conglomerate in Digital Communications domain for 
engineering and support of its network services orchestration platform. 
This is a multiyear, multimillion dollar deal and involves vendor 
consolidation and transfer of work from onsite to offshore over every year. 
Persistent was elected as a strategic partner by one of the leading 
hyperscalers to develop Generative AI strategy and proof of concepts, 
database connectors, etc for servers, and data integration. 
Coming to Banking, Financial Services and Insurance. Persistent was 
elected by the financial services arm of a Fortune-500 automobile 
company to drive digital transformation of its customer acquisition 
platform, sales journey platform, customer service and contact centre, as 
well as marketing automation platform. This is a multimillion, multiyear 
deal encompassing implementation as well as management. Persistent 
was elected as a digital transformation partner by a leading US-based 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
financial software company to migrate applications from the environment 
of one of its acquired businesses to the customer's platform and provide 
managed services for such migrated applications. Persistent was elected 
by the US subsidiary of a leading Japanese bank as a strategic IT services 
partner to develop data science platform for risk management, identity 
and access management applications as well as regulatory and compliance 
applications. 
Coming to Healthcare and Life Sciences. Persistent was elected by one of 
the largest Fortune-500 companies in the Healthcare domain to undertake 
engineering on data and machine learning platforms of the company as 
well as to partner with them in innovation and transformation broadband. 
This is a more than US$ 50 million TCV deal for us spanning across three 
years. Persistent was elected by a large UK-based medical equipment 
manufacturing company for building and managing a unified data platform 
encompassing supply chain, manufacturing, regulatory, product quality 
and finance functions. We were selected by a leading company specializing 
in the detection of early stage cancers to reengineer its platforms for 
curation, analytics and laboratory information management as well as 
migration of its Data Lake platform to the Cloud. 
Coming to the awards and recognitions for the quarter. Q1 saw us get 
continued recognition from industry leading analyst firms and associations 
to mention a few. Persistent was featured in Everest Group's 2023 PEAK 
Metrics Service Provider of the Year awards under the Top 10 ITS 
challengers list. Persistent was named as a Leader in the Everest PEAK 
Metrics on Payments IT services 2023. We were recognized as a Major 
Contender in Everest Group's Healthcare Data and Analytics Services PEAK 
Metrics Assessment 2023. We were awarded by the Times Power Brands 
2023 under the Excellence and Talent Acquisition category. We also won 
several awards from ISG including being named a Leader in ISG Provider 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
lens, Digital Engineering Services Quadrant U.S. 2023, a Leader in 
Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 ISG Provider Lens, and last but not the 
least, Top 15 Sourcing Standout in the Q1 2023 ISG Global Index. 
In summary, we continue to deliver top quartile revenue growth in Q1 
FY24 despite a challenging macro environment. We remain watchful of the 
macroeconomic situation and are proactively staying closer to our clients, 
aiding them and prioritizing the technology spend towards transformation 
as well as cost optimization and we are cautiously optimistic about our 
growth momentum. I would like to once again thank our management 
team and global team members who have persevered through these 
uncertain times and delivered yet another growth quarter for all of us. Our 
decision to go ahead with normal wage increase in this macro environment 
is a testament to our gratitude for the staff. 
With this, I would like to conclude the prepared comments and would like 
to request the Operator to open the floor for questions. Moderator, over 
to you. 
Operator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for 
a few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to 
restrict to two questions and then return to the queue for more questions. 
Please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen to ask 
questions. The first question is from Abhishek Bhandari. 
Abhishek Bhandari:   Yeah, thank you. Good evening, Management Team. Sandeep, I have two 
questions. First is, you have been talking in the past of your aspirational 
growth number of 3%-5% every quarter. Good to see you still doing around 
3% this quarter. But if I heard you correctly in the CNBC interview today 
morning, you alluded to 2%-4% to 3%-5% depending on macroeconomics. 
I couldn't quite get it. Are you saying that if the macro remains uncertain, 
you could go below your 3%-5% number? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
Sandeep Kalra:          So, look, we don't give the forward-looking guidance. But having said that, 
we have said it very clearly in a good economy will be between 3%-5%, in 
a bad economy we may get to 2%-4% and we have persevered through it 
even in the current macro. You have seen all our peer results, we have 
persevered and we have delivered 3%. So, our endeavor is to deliver the 
best growth we can and we are at it and our bookings et cetera, if you look 
at our traditional bookings, although this quarter was a tad bit lower, a few 
things slipped over, not necessarily lost but slipped over and have closed 
or are closing. So, our endeavor is to do what we have said and we’ll go 
from there. 
Abhishek Bhandari:  Sure, thank you for that. The second question is on the margin part. You 
know, given that probably the growth is slowing down a bit for us, do we 
still believe that this year we could have a margin expansion compared to 
last year? While I understand your medium term you want to go up by 200-
300 but more from the next 4-5 quarters, what could be the upward bias 
on the margin? And what would be the levers driving that? 
Sandeep Kalra:            Sure. So, if you look at the overall front and not just margins, our first 
priority is to make sure that we have a healthy growth momentum carry 
forward. That is our first thing and we are investing in our growth, whether 
it is on our sales and marketing side, whether it is on our capabilities on 
Generative AI or other technologies that we are dabbling in, Cloud, Data, 
Security management. So, that is the first priority. 
Now, we are not hung up on optimizing the margins in the next 2-3 
quarters. We have said our aspiration over the next 2-3 years is 200-300 
basis points and we are at it. In terms of the levers, we still have a 
significant amount of underutilization in the freshers that we took. There 
is 12-15 months that many people have spent with the company, they have 
been trained, they have been shadowing different programs. We have 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
significant dry powder in terms of talent. So, that is one lever obviously. 
Then there are other things whether it is our lateral utilization, which also 
if you look at it today, we are in the range of 78%. If we move from 78% to 
the highest that we have seen in the rate of 83%-plus, every percentage of 
utilization gives us 30-basis points and there are many others including 
revenue increases and so on. So, we have certain levers, but our first 
priority is to make sure we grow healthily and then we'll go from there. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Got it. Thank you, Sandeep, and maybe one small last follow up.  You know, 
while you hinted at some of the AI-related initiatives both from an internal 
and external perspective, but if you could give some idea about any large 
investment you think would be needed to probably grow the service line? 
And if so, is it going to be more in terms of acquisitions or how you're 
thinking about bolstering your AI capabilities? 
Sandeep Kalra:           Sure. I'm sure a lot of other people are also interested in this, so let me just 
spend a minute on this. So, if you look at Persistent, right from the get-go, 
we have been working on data. The name Persistent also comes from the 
persistency of databases and Anand himself is a PhD in databases. That's 
our genesis. Over the years, we have done multitude of AI products related 
work, whether it is for technology companies building the technology, for 
the hyperscalers itself we are working on their Machine Learning-related 
technologies, which is the underlying thing behind all this for enterprises 
in Healthcare Life Sciences. We have worked with them on doing platforms 
for tracking the progression of renal diseases and predicting the newer 
patients renal disease progression or diabetes progression or in Financial 
Services in trade finance and many, many, many use cases. So, this is not 
new to us. Now, it doesn't make sense for us to go and acquire another 
services company because this field is pretty new. Our own capabilities are 
pretty good. We are working with our hyperscaler partners. We are very 
closely collaborating with people like AWS, Microsoft and Google to 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
understand their foray. We are using ourselves as Customer Zero. If you 
look at press releases that we have done, we have collaborated with 
Microsoft to use Viva and Open AI in our own environment. Today for our 
HR, we are using that business case. Now for our own developer 
productivity, we have experimentation going on with AWS as well as with 
Microsoft. Similarly, in many of the customer environments we are 
working on, Bard or Open AI, we are working closely with Google on their 
technologies. So, there's a significant investment that we are doing in 
putting a team together, which is basically going to evangelize this with our 
customers and even internally and somewhere down the line in the next 
2-3 quarters, we would have trained all our engineers on the different 
technologies. whether it is developer productivity, whether it is building 
these LLMs or foundation models or deploying them in an enterprise. We 
are not going to do acquisitions as of now in this because there's nothing 
to acquire. Everyone is learning and we are ahead of them. So, that is our 
foray and we are putting investments into our own teams and their 
learning. 
Abhishek Bhandari:   Thank you, Sandeep, for the detailed answer and all the best for the year. 
Sandeep Kalra:           Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. The next question is from, Chirag. 
Chirag:  
Hello? Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, you’ll have to speak a little louder but you're audible. 
Chirag: 
Yeah. Sandeep, I have a couple of questions. During the quarter, one of our 
global peers reduced the guidance, so how are we reading that? And do 
we make any changes in our client strategy and all to mitigate such 
uncertainty, which can come during the year? Second, we are opening 
offices in Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns to attract the talent and all, so does it 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
give us a lever going forward that we will have a labor cost relatively lower 
compared to what we get at Tier 1 cities and town? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, let me start with the first question. See, as far as our global peer 
is concerned who reduce the guidance and so on, look, every company is 
different. We can't manage other people's guidance. All we can do is 
perform well and within the hand that is delivered to us, whether it's a 
good macro or a bad macro, we are trying to do our best and this is 
economy in which we have to be proactive. We have to proactively, based 
on our understanding of our customers and prospects, we have to take a 
cost optimization pitch and so on and that's what we have been doing. And 
this is the 13th sequential quarter for us for revenue increase and profit 
stabilization and increase. That should give you a proof point of we are at 
it. We can do better, obviously, and we will try and do whatever we can 
but we are not giving any forward-looking guidance, reducing or 
increasing. We have delivered well and we'll continue to execute. 
Now as far as the Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities are concerned, the basic rationale 
for us was as the pandemic happened, a number of our employees also 
moved back to their home towns and some of these Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities 
that we have opened offices in. Wherever we saw clusters of our own 
employees moving back and we also saw clusters of talent availability and 
to your point, yes, it could be a margin lever for us as we go ahead, because 
if we are taking our offices to where the talent is and not necessarily hiring 
in a high cost location like a Bangalore or Hyderabad or maybe even Pune, 
and we are diversifying our pool that we are getting the catchment area 
spread out to, that is the whole strategy and we are also expecting this to 
not just expand the pool but also reduce the attrition, both of which can 
be margin lever. 
Operator:                    Thank you, Chirag. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
Chirag: 
 
Thank you. One more question, if you allow. Yeah. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
I would request if you can join back to the queue. 
Chirag: 
 
Yeah, sure. 
Operator:   
Okay. Thank you, Chirag. The next question is from, Sandeep. You can ask 
your question. If you're on mute, unmute and ask. 
Speaker: 
Can you unmute, Sandeep Shah? 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah. Can you hear me now? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is, Sandeep, this 
time the impact on the growth looks like is more with the leaking buckets, 
not with maybe top clients but set of clients. Whether this phenomenon is 
correct and whether it is restricted to one or two verticals or is it broad-
based? And second, the projects which are actually getting stopped and 
paused, do you believe it may come back or clients are actually rethinking 
in terms of not starting those projects and those may be actually canceled?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, if one has to take a bigger picture of the organization, at an Uber 
level, it is not this that everything is getting impacted. There are different 
shades of customers. There are customers who are getting impacted in this 
macro a little more than others and so we have seen some of these, 
including some of the strongest hyperscalers, take care of their own cost 
ahead of whatever it is and so we had, for example, last quarter said one 
of the largest hyperscalers, we had a ramp down of US$ 3 million a quarter. 
And I can tell you without naming anyone else, it's not just us but most of 
their strategic suppliers went in with the same hand. Now, some of the 
weaker customers may postpone the deployment of capital. I don't think 
these are getting canceled. If there are any material things that get 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
canceled, as we declared last quarter, openly we will come and say it. So, 
there may be a little bit of a pushing out. In terms of new ramp ups, there 
may be a little bit of spend pullback. What we are hearing from our 
customers is clearly the next 1-2 quarters are where it is tough and then 
they are also expecting the market to open up for themselves and, hence, 
we are also hoping to see acceleration over the next 3-4 quarters. That is 
where we are. Nothing that we can say this particular vertical, this 
particular customer set is suffering more than others. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you, Sandeep. Next question is from Prajay. 
Prajay:  
Hello? Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Prajay: 
Yes. Sir, I just have a small question. So, when we are saying that it's a 200-
basis point to 300-basis points of improvement, are we talking about PAT 
margin or EBIT margin? Just want clarification on this. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, we are talking about the EBIT level, that’s what it is. 
Prajay: 
Okay, fair enough. Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Dipesh Mehta. 
Dipesh Mehta:     
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions.  First of all, I just want to 
get some sense about the vertical. BFSI, I think, most of peers indicated 
challenges in growth. We have very strong performance. HLS, we are 
seeing some weakness. If you can provide some sense how we look at 
these two verticals and Hi-Tech also? Second question is about the 
expenses side. Software License expenses has significantly increased as a 
percentage of revenue over the last couple of quarters. So, if you can 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
provide some sense what is driving it and how one should model it? Thank 
you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. I'll answer the vertical-related question and I'll let Sunil answer the 
software licenses-related question. 
Now if you look at the vertical side of it, while BFSI came in strong, first 
from our customer conversations, we can see that the next few quarters 
are going to be tad bit soft for BFSI and we'll see how it pans out in actual 
execution. 
Now from a Healthcare Life Science perspective, the degrowth that we saw 
was particularly restricted to what we call Scientific Instruments and 
Medical Devices segment. There are four segments in Healthcare that we 
deal with - Scientific Instruments, Medical Devices, Payer-Provider and 
Pharma. Now when we look at the Scientific Instruments segment, there 
are a few of our customers who had seen a windfall in terms of their 
revenues because of their play in the COVID value chain, whether they 
were people who were providing reagents or test kits or equipment in the 
whole value chain. So their revenues are now going down and they are 
recalibrating to their new reality and that includes some spend with us. If 
you look at our bookings, from our bookings, the largest deal that we won 
in this quarter was with a Payer and a Tech company in the Healthcare 
segment. So, if I look forward from what we know today, Healthcare Life 
Sciences is going to be a good growth segment for us, while it may have 
seen one quarter dip. Banking Financial Services will be a little tepid. As far 
as Technology is concerned, that is a segment where we have the strongest 
right to win and seat to the table. So, that is going to be a good forte for us 
going ahead. Hopefully that answers you and Sunil will answer the 
question on software licensing. Sunil, over to you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah. So, hi Dipesh, in terms of software licensing, there are basically, as 
you know, two items, one which is used in project deliveries for customer 
projects and the second for own use. So, own use basically we have made 
you can say, strengthened our own cybersecurity defense. We have also 
done some investments in Learning and Development related software. 
So, these are two areas where you can see there is an increase in that type 
of expenses. So, far as the delivery-related expenses are concerned, these 
are basically part of larger engagements where we use software of third 
parties, which are embedded in our deliveries.  So, that is the main reason 
for this. 
Operator: 
Thank you, Dipesh for your question. The next question is from Ravi 
Menon. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sandeep just want a sense of, you know, 
are things slightly improving or what do you think, you know, will happen 
with client budgets? What we've heard from other people is budgets get 
allocated, but, you know clients, are just not ready to spend as they're 
waiting for the macro to improve. So, any improvement in the 
conversations over the last three months? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, I would say incrementally over the last several quarters, it has been a 
little more pullback than actually decision-making getting accelerated. 
People have the money, but they are all delaying their decision. They're 
also, like you know a number of you are worried about the macros, they 
are also worried about the macro. So, there is definitely a delay in decision-
making, which is leading to a little bit of stress, if you may, on the sectors 
that we deal with and downstream, the revenues that we get. So, even if 
we look at our own revenues, there was a time, the last, if I go back in four 
to six quarters, we were growing anywhere between 5% to 9%. Our growth 
today is 3% and it's a direct reflection of the environment, while 3% in our 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
sector today I would be proud that we have delivered on the best, but 
obviously it has come down from the times where we were four to six 
quarters and so from our conversations, we are clear people are expecting 
this to be maybe around the bottom in the next one quarter, two quarters 
and then accelerate from there. 
Ravi Menon: 
And do you think that, you know, your top customers seem to be all doing 
well, is that expected to sustain or are there any pockets of weakness 
outside this top-10 that you would want to call out or whether it's a 
particular geographic segment or a vertical? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, if we knew anything that was material, we would have announced 
it on this call. So, there is nothing that as of today that is known to us, 
which is a material negative impact on us. We are at it. We are, you know, 
working towards maximizing our revenues, delivering well on profitability, 
there's nothing that is known to us, which is a material impact, whether it 
is top customer or top-10 or top-50 and so on. 
Ravi Menon:  
Great.  Thanks.  Thank you and best of luck. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Operator: 
Thank you. Participant who wish to ask question can raise your hand from 
the participant tab on the screen. The next question is from Mr. Vibhor 
Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I hope I'm audible?. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah, thanks. So, Sandeep my question is basically on the revenue 
composition. I think for the second consecutive quarter we have seen the 
top client contributing significantly to our revenue. This quarter, our top 
client forms 40% of our incremental revenue Q-on-Q and last quarter that 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
number was almost 60%. So, just want to and of course in the preceding 
quarters before that we as a strategy had kind of ramped that client down 
and we were always talking about their share of business actually reducing 
in our overall composition. So, what is the kind of strategy that we're 
looking at in terms of top client and also I know you don't share that details 
explicitly, but the revenue from the top client in terms of margin profile, is 
it any different from our overall company margin profile or pretty much 
similar as the other projects are? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Okay. So, there are a number of points out there.  So, if you look at it 
historically, we had ramped down one program with our customer which 
was on the IT side, which was not profitable for us, but that was done 
nearly a year back. Two quarters back, we had got ramped down from 
them and it had significantly decreased the revenue and we worked with 
them to understand their priorities because everyone today is trying to 
optimize for their business conditions. They have a business to run. They 
had to optimize vendor spend, whether it was with us or others and we 
could, you know, happily work with them based on our 18 years of working 
with them to craft out a win-win with them and that's how we saw the 
revenue come back. So, now there are a number of programs, some of 
these may be time bound, some of them maybe longer term. So overall, 
from a top one customer perspective, I am not expecting from what we 
know today, it to be a seesaw. It is going to be steady. There may be a 
certain addition, there may be certain deletion depending on the programs 
being added or finishing and so on, but it will be a stable customer for us 
from what we know today and what we see. Now, as far as other margin 
profile etc is concerned, for a customer at that size it's a reasonably decent 
margin that we do with them and we are happy where that margin is. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it and do you, I mean just to finish up on that part, do you expect this 
top client, I mean and them being the large client and of course being one 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
of the large vendors in the tech domain, could we actually at some point 
of time start to become a good large partner to them in their endeavor of 
the overall tech modernization part? I mean, increasing our share or do 
you think of the scope of work for them is going to be limited in the size 
and nature? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look, there are multiple things that you do with any customer, any of 
these and the top one is one of the technology giants, with them we work 
on developing products for them, sustaining products for them, taking 
those products to market in terms of doing professional services on them, 
and they are also dabbling into Gen AI in a different way. So, there is 
definitely scope for us to do more. Obviously, they have to, from a go-to-
market perspective, they work with multiple different service providers 
because each one of us has our own niche. So, there is definitely scope to 
do more and today also if you look at it, we are one of their most strategic 
partners from what we deliver even today. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Okay, great.  Thank you so much.  Thanks for clarifying in a good manner, 
Sandeep. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Vimal. 
Vimal Goel: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity, Sir.  First question, I’m not sure if you 
highlighted this, so my apologies in advance if I’m making you repeat it. 
The wage hikes are fully implemented this quarter or is there any spill over 
in Q2 that we might see, that is question #1 and question #2, Sandeep Sir, 
you mentioned the CQGR growth that we're targeting of 2% to 3% in case 
the macro remains or 2% to 4% in case the macro remains uncertain, that 
is in context after factoring in the possible slowdown in BFS and a flattish 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
sort of TCV ACV that you've seen or other decline of TCV ACV that we've 
seen in this quarter.  We are factoring in both these facts, right? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, let me answer both. So, wage hike is fully implemented. Wage hike is 
July 1st, we have stuck to it. So, we have given 7½% wage hike on average 
in India, 3.5% to 4% outside India and obviously this will vary on the 
individual, their experience, you're able to get more, you can get less, 
whatever it is. Now, that is implemented, we have not deferred any wage 
hike, we have not deferred any joining, and we are very proud to say we 
gave 109% corporate performance bonus at the minimum for the whole 
company and more. So, from that perspective, we have not optimized our 
margins by cutting into people's bonuses or their salary increases or 
deferring those. So, let's be clear about that. We are not managing margins 
by that, and we are very proud of it. Second part of it, in terms of CQGR, 
yes that is our endeavor. We don't give a forward-looking guidance.  If you 
have put on the mat and you want to extract what we want to do that is 
the aspiration that we have, come in a bad economy, come in good 
economy, we should be in a good healthy, you know close zone and that's 
where our endeavor is. Yes, we will try and deliver 2% to 4% in a bad 
economy, and 3% to 5% in a good economy, balance will let the time come. 
Vimal Goel: 
Just one question here. Our strengths have always been in the product 
engineering. Our capabilities have always been very, very superior as far 
as product engineering is concerned. Do you think that in such an 
environment, probably product engineering gets more discretionary and 
we might have to win more wallet share to continue growing at the pace 
at which we are versus for pure IT services player, which is probably 
focusing on cost cutting projects etc? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look we, so when we talk product engineering, we do product 
engineering for product companies, the same tenets we take it to the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
enterprise in terms of doing digital transformation, which may be building 
a platform for internal or external customers and so on. Now, cost 
reduction can be done in many different ways. Cost reduction is just not 
about internal IT, cost reduction can be if you're developing products as a 
product company, can you do it by leveraging more nearshore, offshore, 
do the same and more at a reduced cost, that's cost reduction for them 
and similarly in the enterprise. So, keeping long story short, I do think we'll 
have to have a different pitch for economy like this and that's what we 
have been doing. That's where we have been developing our demand and 
we have been delivering significantly. Now, we'll have to continue on the 
execution front. In all this, it's about execution. 
Vimal Goel: 
 
Thank you, Sandeep.  That's very, very helpful.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Abhishek. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good quarter.  Just 
one question on your top customer reported earnings, they talked about 
a lot of, you know, AI in their call as well. What are we participating along 
with them? Any color could be really helpful. The second thing is if I look 
at the Hi-tech growth and you mentioned that the Hi-tech growth would 
be one of the pillars, so ex-top customer it appears to be a little soft. Now, 
I know you would not dissect it this way, but just trying to understand that 
what are we trying to build for the non-top Hi-tech customers? So, those 
are the two questions. Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look I have to be cautious of our NDAs and I have to be cautious of time. 
So, all I can say is with the top customer, we are working with them to 
understand how they're differentiating their Gen AI strategy with respect 
to others. Now, they were earlier on in this whole Gen AI game and the 
next is a different flavor that they want to bring to the enterprise, and we 
are collaborating with them to do proof of concepts for some other 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
enterprises and we will continue to go deeper with it. Now, as far as the 
ex-top customer and top customer is concerned, look, we look at our 
entire portfolio of customers as a portfolio. Now, there will be situations 
in a macroeconomic environment where some customers may perform 
better in a particular quarter versus others and as long as we are focused, 
as long as we are seeding each part of the customer category for growth, 
we are good and I'm not too worried about slight slowdown in bookings, 
that's a timing issue more than issue of not happening. So, I'm relatively 
confident each of the customer categories with time will show a healthy 
growth and the sum of parts is any which ways at 3%, I'm very proud to say 
we have delivered among the best in the industry. I don't think anyone has 
delivered 3% sequential Q-on-Q and 17%-plus Y-o-Y in dollar terms and 
23.6% in rupee terms. So, we are on it, we'll be on it in terms of execution 
and we'll try to even do better as we go along. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Thanks.  Really helpful and congrats on a great quarter. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Rishit. 
Rishit: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, I just had a question around your 
ACV and TCV, while the trailing 12-month indicates continued robust 
growth, even if I assume leakages, what is your view on the deal pipeline 
and how should we look at the next few quarters, because for the growth 
for the next year after that, you might need to increase your ACV TCV 
signings? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Right. So, look, this is an ongoing business. As we go along, as the revenue 
increases, you are absolutely right, the ACV TCV will have to increase and 
we have talked about how we have increased our investment in SG&A. We 
have talked about how we are not looking to maximize profits in the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
shorter run. We are, you know, even now growth and sustained growth is 
the first priority, not maximization of profits at the cost of growth. So, we 
are investing in our sales and marketing. We are investing in our go-to-
market partnerships, whether it is on Gen AI or other technologies, we are 
hunkering down with our partners to take them and become our 
ecosystem orchestrator of choice for our customers. So, that is where we 
are focused on and I'm pretty sure the ACV TCV should reflect it as we go 
along in terms of the increase in those metrics in line with the revenue 
growth that we want to see. 
Rishit: 
Got it. Thanks, and how's your pipeline looking versus the previous 
quarters, do you have a healthy pipeline or? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, we don't give forward-looking guidance. I can't give you a 
number on the pipeline because it's as good as giving you forward-looking 
guidance on revenues, but from an overall perspective, the pipeline is 
good, but keep in mind that decision-making is slow, next one, two 
quarters are going to be tough, but the pipeline is fairly good and it is 
across the various segments that we deal. 
Rishit:  
 
Got it. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Rishi. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Yeah. Can you hear me? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Great. Thanks for the opportunity. Sandeep, just one thing you mentioned 
about, you know the condition of the macro today or basically in a bad 
macro we'll grow 2% to 4% CQGR and I guess you know, 1Q also would be 
a part of that and we have done 3%. Now, some of your peer set large and 
small have also talked about potentially better second-half in the 
anticipation that some of the deals that were there potentially would have 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
gotten delayed in terms of ramp up. For you, fiscal 24, do you see it to be, 
normal year where you end up growing largely at the same rate through 
the course of the year or do you also think there could potentially be some 
bit of acceleration in the second-half? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
As I said before, our customers when we have discussions with them, they 
also believe the next one to two quarters are going to be tepid, everyone 
will have to optimize for their own business and then on they are also 
expecting the economy to recover, the interest rates etc, all these hikes to 
be behind us, maybe even a different interest rate regime etc. coming in 
and so on. So, nobody has a crystal ball, but what we can see is the next 
few quarters are tough, but everyone is expecting the economy to come 
back and that's what our peers, I'm sure they have also been pointing out. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Right and just secondly on the margin side you had seen a lot of growth in 
the last two years and a lot of incremental revenues you would have 
invested back into the business. If we look at FY24, how much of margin 
sustenance or expansion if at all is predicated on an X amount of revenue 
growth that we end up getting versus some of the investments that you 
have done, which would anyways sweat out some of the margin levers that 
we would have basically materialized through the course of the year? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. We are nearly at the end of the call. I'll just keep it very brief. From 
our perspective, our first task of business is sustainable growth. As far as 
the margins are concerned on the full year basis, don't worry about 
quarter-to-quarter, full year basis adjusted for the spend that we did in 
giving gifts to our employees and doing customer events in the first 
quarter. If you adjust for that, the first thing is grow well and be at the EBIT 
levels that were there for the last year. Now, as we go ahead and 
accelerate our business as the economy comes back, we have enough 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
levers to execute to get to the 200 to 300 basis points aspiration that we 
have in terms of EBIT expansion and that's what we will execute. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Thank you so much. All the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The last question is from Anmol. 
Anmol Garg:  
Yeah, hi. I hope that I'm audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Anmol Garg: 
Yeah. So, just wanted to ask that what do you think about the pricing 
environment at this point in time, given that there is a lot of hyper 
competition and the enterprises are also having their own cost pressures, 
so are clients asking for the pricing discount and are we planning to give 
the same to win deals or to renew the existing one? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look there are some segments that we deal with, some of the largest 
customers that we deal with, there are multiple strategic partners. It 
becomes hyper-competitive out there and in the last few years, we have 
been able to do price increases. I don't think in this environment, that will 
be the one where in the bigger customers, we can go in and have price 
increases. As far as the newer bids are concerned, a number of our newer 
bids are proactive bids where we are coming up with ideas, where we can 
add value to the customer, whether it is cost optimization or otherwise, 
and that's where we have better pricing power based on the 
differentiation that we bring to the market based on our capability to lead 
the customer in achieving their cost optimization initiatives. So, it's about 
what business you go after, how you go after, how you execute your sales 
pursuits. At Uber level, I'm not too worried about the pricing pressure as 
of this point in time, except for a few large customers. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks, and just one last bit from my end is that what is our hiring outlook 
for the next couple of quarters? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, look the hiring will be in line with the demand scenario, plus we have 
offered about 800 freshers who will join between August to December. We 
have no intent of delaying their joining. We will honor the offers the way 
we have given them and keep the timing. Having said that, if we need to 
optimize our own talent for nonperformers and others, that is part of the 
game, but otherwise our hiring is going to be in line with our revenue 
projections and please keep in mind, we have a significant amount of 
freshers who have been in our system for 12 to 15 months, who are fully 
trained, who have been shadowing projects. So, we have a lot of dry 
powder from that perspective to be able to grow without necessarily going 
out and hiring and all. 
Anmol Garg:  
Sure, Sandeep.  Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Sandeep for closing 
remarks. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. So, we'll once again like to thank our 23,000-plus team 
members, our customers, our partners, and our investors for their support 
in our growth journey. We are cautiously optimistic on our prospects for 
FY24 and beyond even as we manage the macroeconomic developments 
and stay close to our key customers. We continue to aspire to maintain 
industry-leading revenue growth combined with healthy levels of 
profitability. Thank you for spending time with us on the call today. We 
look forward to connecting with you again in three months’ time to 
provide an update on our ongoing progress. Please stay safe and stay 
healthy. Thank you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
 
Thank you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to the Persistent management. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines and exit the webinar. 
****************************************************************************** 
