 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(Formerly Sansera Engineering Pvt Ltd) 
Reg Off: No. 143/A, Jigani Link Road, Bangalore-560 105, India, Tel: +91 80-27839081/82/83.  Fax: +91 80-27839309 
E-mail id: info@sansera.in Website: www.sansera.in CIN: L34103KA1981PLC004542 
 
 
 
August 08, 2023 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
 
 
BSE Limited,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
 
 
 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai 400001 
 
Scrip Symbol: SANSERA 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543358 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam 
Subject: Transcript of Earning group conference call  
 
Please find attached transcript of Earning group conference call held on August 02, 2023 on 
Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
The above transcript will also be made available on the website of our Company at 
www.sansera.in. 
 
 
We request you to take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
for Sansera Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajesh Kumar Modi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encls: a/a 
 
 
 
RAJESH 
KUMAR MODI
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH KUMAR MODI 
Date: 2023.08.08 
18:40:35 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Sansera Engineering Limited  
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 2nd August 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. B R PREETHAM – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED  
MR. VIKAS GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN CHAUHAN – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – SANSERA ENGINEERING LIMITED 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Sansera Engineering Limited Q1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call.  
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. B. R. Preetham - Group CEO, Sansera Engineering 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
B. R. Preetham: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome and thanks for joining this call. 
 
On this call, I am joined by our CFO – Mr. Vikas Goel and our COO – Mr. Praveen Chauhan 
along with our Investor Relations Advisor – SGA. The Results and the Presentations are 
uploaded on this Stock Exchange and the Company website. I hope everybody has had a chance 
to look at it.  
 
I am thrilled to update you that we have kicked off this financial year with our best ever 
performance in terms of both top line and EBITDA. This stellar performance is driven by broad-
based growth across domestic and international markets, and we hope to continue this fast lane 
throughout this fiscal year. 
 
Talking about some industry-wide trends, as per the data published by SIAM during this quarter, 
passenger vehicle sales rose to 9.9 lakh units, up 9% as against the same period of the last fiscal. 
Two-wheeler sales rose by 11% to 41.4 million (wrongly spoken, actually it is 41.1 Lakhs units) 
units on a year-on-year basis. Overall, the Indian Auto industry is growing at a healthy pace with 
strong trends emerging across the category.  
 
OEMs have lined up multiple launches in H2 and which should again help in consolidation of 
our business with them and also growth. The reduction in the FAME 2 subsidy can lead to a rise 
in the price of electric two-wheelers which will have a short-term impact on the EV two-wheeler 
sales.  
 
Coming to our performance in the quarter, the contribution of Auto-Tech Agnostic and xEV 
products continues to improve on a growing base reflecting Sansera's readiness for a futuristic 
product range. We saw an upsurge of 70% in our Auto-Tech Agnostic and xEV products on a 
year-on-year basis. This growth is largely driven by xEV products. The segment contributed 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
12% approximately of our sales of which 6.6% came from Auto-Tech Agnostic products and 
5.3% came from xEV products. 
 
Auto-ICE segment registered a 19.6% growth largely driven by growth in our motorcycles and 
PV components. The upsurge in the PV components is backed by our latest customer addition. 
This growth was achieved on a large, very large base and is a reflection of our very strong 
engineering capabilities in our key component categories such as connecting rod, crankshaft 
assemblies, rocker arm, integral crankshaft, gear shifter fork etc.  
 
The Auto-ICE segment contributed 76.4% of sales versus 79.8% in Q1 of FY '23. This segment 
included 35.3% of sales were from motorcycles. Scooters accounted for 5% (wrongly spoken, 
Actually scooters accounted for 5.7%) of the top line. PVs accounted for 23.8% of the top line. 
Commercial vehicle sales' contribution was 11% of the top line. 
 
Our non-auto segment grew by 27% in the quarter, contributing 11.7% of the total sales. Talking 
about the sales mix, our Aerospace and Defense business contributed 3.2% in the quarter. We 
are expecting robust growth coming from aerospace in FY '24 and FY '25. Visibility is good and 
we are prepared for achieving these numbers.  
 
Off-road sales were to the tune of 4.3%. Demand is coming very strongly from this segment. 
Agriculture accounted for 2.7% of the top line and the remaining 1.5% of the top line came from 
few other segments. 
 
Coming to our order pipeline, our order book of the new business with annual peak revenue 
stood at Rs. 16.9 billion as on 30th June 2023 versus 13.3 billion as on 31st March 2023. This 
increase is largely driven by strong order inflow in the Auto-ICE segment reflecting Sansera's 
progress in its core product category with Auto-ICE contributing about Rs. 8.04 billion, 47%, 
Auto-Tech Agnostic and xEV adding Rs. 5.09 billion, which is about 30% and non-auto 
accounting for 3.8 billion, which is 23%.  
 
On the CAPEX front, we are highly focused on our new generation components. In fact, our last 
two plants which we have commissioned include our electric and hybrid components plant, 
Aerospace and Defense plant. Recently, we have also started construction of a new Brownfield 
machining facility, which is about 1,50,000 square foot of built-up area. This is largely intended 
to house all the aluminum forged and machine product category of components and this step is 
in line with our increased long-term sales contribution target of 20% from xEV and Tech 
Agnostic products.  
 
With a combination of strong tailwinds in our operating segments and our strategic initiatives, 
we are very confident to deliver a healthy top line going forward. To achieve these targets, our 
ICE segment will continue to outperform the industry growth on the back of the component 
client additions, while the newer initiatives like aluminum forged and other components will 
bloom to much faster rate. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Now, I will hand it over to our CFO Mr. Vikas Goel to give you the Financial Highlights. Vikas.  
Vikas Goel: 
Thank you, Preetham. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our earnings call. Before I talk 
about the financial performance of this quarter, I would like to share some changes with you in 
terms of our financial presentation.  
 
Firstly, we have made some changes and we have standardized our financial presentation by 
separating revenue from operations and other income as against total income. This helps in a 
better and more clear understanding of the operating EBITDA. 
 
Secondly, some of the manufacturing expenses which were being directly reported on the face 
of the income statement have now been combined with other expenses in line with standard 
practice across the market. However, we continue to show the cost of goods sold and gross 
margin figures in our investor presentations for easy reference of the audience.  
 
Coming to the Q1 performance, our revenue from operations for the quarter stood at 6,601 
million representing a 24% growth on a year-on-year basis and a 17% increase on a sequential 
basis. This is our best ever quarterly performance from a top-line perspective driven by excellent 
performance in our international markets as well as domestic markets. Our international business 
grew about 35%, while the domestic business registered a healthy 20% growth. Despite such 
strong growth in the international business, its contribution to the overall sales still lacks the 
historical average.  
 
The gross margin stood at 39.9%, an improvement of about 1.5% on Q-o-Q basis. You may 
recall FY '23 has had some movements in the gross margin from quarter-to-quarter owing to 
various factors, like raw material price fluctuations and certain customer claims etc. The gross 
margin for the Q1 was better than the full-year average of FY '23 by 20 basis points. So, we 
thought it's a better reference point in terms of comparison.  
 
Employee expenses for the quarter stood at about 910 million versus 774 million in Q1 of FY 
'23, largely representing annual salary increases and volume increase related costs for the 
quarter. Other expenses, at 579 million inched up in line with higher sales. Overall, our EBITDA 
margin for Q1 stood at 17.3% versus 17.2% in Q1 '23 and 16.4% during the full year of financial 
'23.  
 
Finance costs for the quarter increased to about 189 million as compared to 137 million in the 
corresponding quarter of FY '23, largely due to increase in the rate of interest and higher amount 
of borrowing. Profit after tax of 452 million Q1 '24 as against 348 million in Q1 '23, a 30% 
growth over year-on-year.  
 
In terms of geographic sales mix for Q1 '24, India contributed 68.4%, Europe 19.5% and North 
American region 9%. Other foreign countries' share was 3.1% of the total sales. In the next 
financial year, we are looking at better numbers in terms of international business mix.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Our Swedish subsidiary recorded a 35% growth in revenue on a year-on-year basis resulting in 
an EBITDA margin of 12% during the Q1. On a full-year basis, in the current year, we expect 
to get back to between 9% to 10% EBITDA for this subsidiary. 
 
On debt front, our net debt stood close to 7.2 billion as of June '23 representing increase in 
inventory and receivers to support the revenue growth, especially in the international markets.  
 
CAPEX for the financial year is estimated to be in the vicinity of 300 crores. A majority of this 
CAPEX will be in the areas of non-auto and Auto-ICE categories in order to deliver upon our 
evolving orderbook.  
 
With this, I would like to conclude our presentation and open the floor for question and answers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Siddhartha from Nomura. Please go ahead.  
Siddhartha: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers as well as on your appointment 
as ED. Sir, my first question is on this export side. So, we have seen a good pickup in trend, but 
I think in the past, you had indicated that it might be even stronger at close to 50% growth for 
the full year. So, does that still hold? And does that mean that we will see some more acceleration 
in the coming quarters? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Thank you, Siddhartha. Yes, we still are certain that we will grow by more than 50% on our 
previous year's export base. If you had remembered our slide in the export contribution in last 
year started from Quarter 2 and Quarter 3. So, the base has shrunk in Quarter 2 and Quarter 3 
and we expect that this year we have a very strong momentum in the exports, and we will overall 
on a full-year basis, we will do better than 50% growth.  
Siddhartha: 
Even in non-auto side, sir, if I see the current quarter, I think the trends have been slightly 
weaker, especially on the Aerospace side. So, can you highlight here? I think, also we had 
indicated close to 50% growth and how should we expect why the slight disappointment this 
quarter and how should we expect for the full year? 
B. R. Preetham: 
No, see, as you remember that we have commissioned a new plant. We have moved the most of 
the facilities now to the new plant. Apart from the new machine additions, all the older, I mean, 
the existing facility was also entirely moved to this new facility. So, while doing so, a lot of re-
PPAP and customer approvals needs to be acquired. So, we had both at customer and our end, 
there were inventories that were built, and I think upon all the customer approval in the last 
quarter Q1 customers because it was all approved, now I think the inventories, in-house 
inventories of their were consumed and that is resulted in a slight slower off take from our this 
thing, but overall the business outlook looks very strong and we are quite confident with the 
addition of the newer businesses and also growth in the Aerospace sector overall, we will be 
able to deliver close to 50% growth in this sector. You will see a strong recovery and 
performance in the quarters to come. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Siddhartha: 
Sir, lastly on this investment in MMRFIC. So, any progress there on the new orders which you 
are seeing? And will it be sort of possible to highlight some of the orders or your targets probably 
in the next few years? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Yes, while this business itself has come new to us and our understanding on this is pretty new 
even for us because it's a very, very high technology business module, we are focusing on two 
separate segments. One is, of course, on defense and the other one is on the surveillance radar. 
Now these surveillance radar's application is quite wide from both defense and civilian perimeter 
surveillance, anti-drone systems, automotive applications.  
 
So, with contacts of Sansera, we have been able to get them on-board with one of our European 
clients and now they have technically been cleared for developing a radar. These are three radars 
combined into a small one module which will be of the size of a credit card and technically, 
everything has been cleared now and a go ahead has been given, but we are awaiting their final 
confirmation on with the financial aspects as well, but we are very confident that with this 
breakthrough, we will be able to approach our other customers. 
 
Sansera's deep penetration in the automotive segment could help them, but while I say that they 
are also making good progress in the defense sector as well, their ability of last five years of 
effort is now this thing, so resulting into newer opportunities even in defense and with 
government push, we expect that as I had said that during our last time also in the last speech 
where we expect another 18 to 24 months where full potential of this Company can be realized. 
So, this is the current status now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, on the medium to long-term perspective, you have set the target for 20% sale contribution 
from the xEV, Tech Agnostic and non-auto. Based on the current order book, where do you see 
reaching those targets in next three years? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Mumuksh, so we had, see, both put together, xEV, Tech Agnostic and non-auto, we had said we 
would like to reach about 40%. Initially, we had said it would be 15% and 25%. Then now we 
have revised 20% and 20%. And if you really look at our order flow, sales order book inflows 
also, we are quite confident that given the current momentum that we have in this space, we 
should be easily able to surpass our targets, but having said that, we are also doing quite well on 
Auto-ICE as well.  
 
So, while I am, because this when I say the 40% in the next three years, so it would be on a much 
larger base. So, definitely which means that our growth in this segment has to be much, much 
faster than our normal growth to achieve these numbers, and we are quite confident that given 
the momentum that we have and the order pipeline that we have, we should be able to surpass 
our targets of 20% and 20%. Between both these segments, today, this year, we should be 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
reaching closer to 28%. Last year it was closer to 22%, and this year we should be reaching 
closer to 28%.  
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
In three years, 40%, right? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Yes.  
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
On the international that Sweden order, the split which happened, has that order commenced, 
sir?  
B. R. Preetham: 
I would ask our COO Praveen Chauhan to talk about Sweden. Praveen. 
Praveen Chauhan: 
So, Sweden last year as we had told that there are a lot of development activities happening. 
There was a shift in share of business for one of the major components. All that has got stabilized 
and the results have started coming in already this quarter. This quarter, if you see, there is 
already a growth and the product mix has already changed. So, all those things are on track. In 
fact, we are under final discussions with our customer to further look at growth over the next 
couple of years. So, we are quite confident because they expect us to be doing more numbers 
over the next two years and we see a good potential of growing, growth over there.  
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, can you share more insights on the new order won during the quarter of 3.7 billion and also 
the new PV customer win? 
B. R. Preetham: 
See, it's quite wide. It has come from all the segments, but to be more clear, I think we have got 
some of the main key customers who have given repeat orders are the orders have come from 
General Motors. It has come from SCS, Stellantis, TVS Motors, Cummins Aerospace and also 
a reasonably big order from the marquee EV international customer. So, there has been a good 
spread of order. Especially, if you look at these things, these are more tilted towards exports 
because there is an order from General Motors almost 87 crores annual. Stellantis is about 67 
crores. Cummins is about 40 crores as well as the marquee customer of EV another 70 crore. So, 
there has been quite widespread orders from all the customers. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, can you just finally share the breakup of the power and fuel conversion charging and 
consumption store separately, sir, number? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Yes. You want it on the call or if you wanted? Power and fuel as a cost to the entire revenue, is 
it?  
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yes. So, this quarter, the breakup of the power and fuel and conversion charges and the 
consumption store. So, you have given a total number in the presentation. A breakup I wanted, 
sir.  
B. R. Preetham: 
Vikas will probably give you those numbers.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Jyoti Singh: 
And my question is what's the opportunity in the Aerospace industry? And how does the offset 
clause benefit us with Boeing and Airbus supplying to India?  
B. R. Preetham: 
The Aerospace industry as we have been telling that the opportunity in Aerospace is quite robust, 
especially with a lot of Indian carriers presenting a lot of new orders, big orders, biggest in the 
history both Air India group, Tatas and also Indigo. This only makes more committed 
outsourcing to India from these things. As of now, we are not part of any offset program because 
these offset programs are predominantly more significant in the defense sector, but on 
commercial airlines, as such the order inflows are quite good and more so the value-added parts 
are going up.  
 
What used to happen earlier was that India would get only an overflow of components or 
components with lower engineering significance or lower value addition. Now looking at we 
have been also recently, last couple of days back, we got a Platinum award from Raytheon Group 
which is the second highest award in their group. So, very, very few suppliers have got this. So, 
there is a lot of confidence and faith shown on the Indian vendors. So, we are able to now get 
much better, higher value-added parts, bigger opportunities to participate. So, I only see that this 
as a beginning of a big growth story for companies who are involved in the Aerospace industry. 
Jyoti Singh: 
And sir, like we are catering to all Auto-ICE, Tech and Tech Agnostic and Aerospace and non-
automotive, so, sir, which segment we are seeing very much a good traction? I mean, you can 
see very good traction which segment we are seeing? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Your question is which segment do you see good traction, is it? 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes.  
B. R. Preetham: 
We expect that, see, while still the two-wheeler industry is yet to pick up fully, there is a huge 
upside that is expected to be there because the two-wheeler industry has been struggling in the 
last three, four years and we expect that it should come back to its especially now with there is 
a pressure on EV two-wheelers in terms of subsidy reduction. So, there would be a short-term 
impact, which would also mean that the vehicle buying will tilt towards the ICE for some time. 
So, it should do well.  
 
Premiumization of this two-wheeler industry is helping because the content per vehicle in the 
two-wheeler, premium two-wheelers, we are presented with all of them like we are already 
strongly partnered with Royal Enfield. We have got a good order from Bajaj Triumph models. 
We are present in Hero Harley also and in the future models that are getting developed.  
 
So, two-wheeler is looking, apart from that in all the E two-wheelers we are present. So, two-
wheeler segment for us apart from the industry growth because of the premiumization and also 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
on the Tech Agnostic components lightweighting which is happening, our content per vehicle is 
significantly improving. So, this would add both to the top line and as well as or to the margins. 
Passenger vehicles, we are adding customers. Tata Motors has been a good addition for us. 
Maruti share of business is going up. With export customers Toyota is doing extremely well. So, 
we are one of key customers (wrongly spoken, actually we are one of the key suppliers) to them 
on connecting rods and hybrid components. On international front as well, we have won good 
order. So, on all these segments, we are looking for a very, very strong growth in this year.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, just last question. For the Tata Motors, how much order we have, if you can explain? 
B. R. Preetham: 
No, currently, we have started production of one connecting rod. It is about 75,000 connecting 
rods per month. There are other two contracts that are on the testing. So, slowly, the relationship 
is started just in the  third quarter of last year. We expect that with our performance, we expect 
it to gain share of business with them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead.  
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, congratulations on the appointment on the board as Executive Director. A few questions 
from my side. First, just in terms of the CAPEX, we have increased our CAPEX guidance from 
250 crores to 300 crores. Is it because of the US assembly plant? Or could you throw some 
further light on this? 
B. R. Preetham: 
No, Arjun. Thank you very much, first of all, and the CAPEX as such, there is no, the US plant, 
we have not yet committed any revenues nor any this thing while the work is going on as to I 
think by third quarter, we should have some news given to the Board and after that approval of 
the Board, we will also announce it to the other thing, but as of now there is no CAPEX that 
have been considered for the US facility. This is primarily Vikas, can you just say? 
Vikas Goel: 
Yes. So, this is primarily to cater to capacity expansion and line balancing. Line balancing in the 
existing product lines and capacity expansion for the new range of products and businesses that 
we have in the order book and this also includes some capacity, sorry, some facility buildups 
like Preetham mentioned about the machining facility being under construction now. And then, 
so, largely, it's for the businesses which we already have. 
B. R. Preetham: 
Arjun, also, you should also appreciate the fact that some of these premium models that I 
mentioned has also come as an additional business to us where like the number of components 
that we are supplying to these models are also high and then also initial estimation projections 
to currently looking at the response, they have increased their ask. So, we are adding capacities 
in those segments as well and especially on aluminum, in fact, five presses what we had planned 
fully booked. Now we are contemplating adding two more presses because the order inflows are 
very, very strong there.  

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Arjun Khanna: 
That's very heartening to hear, sir. Sir, just the second question on Sweden. So, if you look at 
revenues for the quarter based on your disclosures, we have seen 35 crores move to 47.5 crores, 
almost 30 odd, 36% growth. So, effectively, this captures the loss of business which we had and 
incrementally, it's on new business that turnover would grow. Is that the right understanding? 
Praveen Chauhan : 
Yes. This quarter is the right indication of what is going to happen over the years. We have 
gained, as you rightly said, we have gained whatever was lost to a great extent and we hope the 
European market and our customer demand in the market continues to be the way they have 
been indicating. We are quite hopeful that this year will be in line with the growth that we already 
had in the quarter.  
Arjun Khanna: 
My final question is just in terms of the debt level. So, that has risen quarter-on-quarter in spite 
of very strong numbers. Obviously, CAPEX would be a part of it. Now we'll get the balance 
sheet disclosure next quarter, but just in terms of how do you see the debt profile for the 
Company going forward given our CAPEXes? 
Vikas Goel: 
So, Arjun, this is rather a unique quarter. As a first quarter, we generally have a revenue 
reduction after Q4 because of seasonality in the industry. So, Q1 is generally either at par or 
slightly lower than Q4, but this time we have had growth on a sequential basis also, and that's 
thanks to the international business picking up. Now some of the inventory… 
Arjun Khanna: 
So, it's a working capital impact.  
Vikas Goel: 
Yes.  
Arjun Khanna: 
Is that the right understanding? 
Vikas Goel: 
I am coming to that. So, that actually necessitates extra inventory built up and also higher amount 
of receivables because of this increase in the international business. Now, this will get 
normalized over next two to three quarters and as we expect, we should be around this level of 
debt by the end of the year.  
B. R. Preetham: 
Yes, Arjun, it will get softened a bit. We expect that we should be in the range of 680 to 700 
crores as debt overall. That's our target.  
Arjun Khanna: 
And as our exports or the international business continue to grow, do we expect the deterioration 
in working capital cycle?  
Vikas Goel: 
The credit periods or the collection period is relatively higher in the international market. So, 
yes, that's a valid assumption.  
Arjun Khanna: 
And the flip side is would that essentially mean higher EBITDA margins going forward since 
that business has higher margins? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Vikas Goel: 
Yes, this should marginally improve over the period reflecting a growth in the international 
business.  
Arjun Khanna: 
So, EBITDA margins, as international business grows, we should see an improvement out there.  
Vikas Goel: 
We should see improvement.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Just a couple of questions. So, just to understand how are you looking at the two-wheeler indents 
in the coming months this season in October, November, so at least for next couple of months, 
how the orders panning out from the large player? And second question is, on one side, the two-
wheeler manufacturers are saying say the leaders in EVs, say OLA or TVS that from August 
itself, the EV portfolio will go back and make new highs, whereas in July, we still saw that the 
retails were pretty much subdued because of the subsidy change. So, you are still being one of 
the key suppliers, how are you looking at the production of the EV models of the leading E two-
wheeler vehicles? So, these are my two questions. 
B. R. Preetham: 
First question to ask that this time, there is also additional bad month where people don't buy the 
vehicle. So, the vehicle, two-wheeler sales have not really picked up. It was generally assumed 
that the buildup would start from July, but I think it has got delayed by a month. So, we expect 
that August, September, October should be reasonably good for two-wheelers.  
 
While I say that, there is more and more we see that more and more entry level, there is a pressure 
on entry level segment. I think the executive and the premium models are doing better. So, there 
is a shift which you can see. Premium models, definitely, what are being released now, has a 
better, at least for us, we have a better contribution in terms of number of components, value of 
components going up.  
 
So, for us as a business on two-wheeler, we expect that the coming quarters would be quite 
strong. I am yet to I think it will take another couple of months at least for the EVs to go back 
to reasonable numbers. That's what is my assumption that there could be a couple of more 
months before they stabilize and hit the numbers as previously what they were doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Kayal from Monarch AIF. Please go 
ahead.  
Devesh Kayal: 
Sir, it's really heartening to see whatever you have been committing and delivering on the same. 
Sir, my first question was on debt. So, that is now addressed. So, second is on the machining 
plant, which we are putting up at the Bidadi plant. So, peak revenues that is for exports which 
you had mentioned earlier. So, peak revenue from this machining plant, how much can we 
expect? 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
B. R. Preetham: 
No, it is actually the extension of our current machining facility, which is there in Bidadi, which 
largely caters to the export in terms of ICE components where we are producing bigger 
connecting rods for customers, both the commercial vehicle as well as industrial application. 
Further, this portfolio would be enhanced there because new orders has to be started delivering 
like Cummins connecting rods are going to be manufactured from there. So, we expect that by 
first phase of this expansion would get completed by end of September.  
 
The second phase, which is on the, we are we are doing it on the two floors for machining, 
ground floor plus first floor, and the ground floor is almost ready, and it would be commissioned 
by September, and first floor should be ready by the third quarter end. This will also mean that 
we have enough and more space for both aluminum and bigger connecting rods. Overall, this 
plant which should do close to a revenue of about 400 to 420 this year with full occupancy and 
utilization, I expect that this should double up. This plant would have a overall potential to 
deliver between 800 to 850 crores of revenue.  
Devesh Kayal: 
And our international mix in the order book, so that's currently high and with this new capacity 
by end of FY '24, so our international mix going forward, let's say, FY '25, '26, so fair to assume 
that that will cross 40% in the overall sales?  
B. R. Preetham: 
See, the order inflows are tilted more towards international business because currently, we are 
focusing on lightweightings, which we have won orders from UK-based passenger vehicle 
Manufacturer for aluminum forge and machine components that should start in the next year. 
These are all about 600,000 volumes per year. Then there is also this marquee EV customer for 
which our production is starting from this third quarter. That's also a good significant chunk of 
order. So, there is a good momentum on international business. While I say that, see, in the FY 
'22, our contribution from international business was almost 37%. Then in FY '23, it came down 
to 28%, but we have said that this year we could be around 32% to 32.5%. On a long term, yes, 
there is a potential that we should be looking at around 40%. So, between 35% and 40% depends 
on how our domestic growth also goes on.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mulesh Savla from Shah & Savla. Please go 
ahead.  
Mulesh Savla: 
Sir, most of my questions have been answered, but I am really delighted to know that we are 
getting tractions for all our divisions, and we are in for further expansion and line balancing, and 
we are trying to get higher wallet share along with all our customers. So, looking at this scenario, 
there was one question in past that we might think of even inorganic growth potential also. So, 
is there anything in the pipeline, sir? 
B. R. Preetham: 
We have just made a investment into this hi-tech technology Company where we are focused on 
Sansera's Automotive and Aerospace penetration to help them. While they are very strongly in 
defense, we intend to take that into this thing. So, our current focus is on looking at how to 
stabilize this and mutually grow this business. While having said that, we keep coming across 
opportunities both in automotive as well as non-automotive spaces. We keep looking at it and 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
as such, there is nothing on cards now, but that doesn't mean that there is not going to be. So, we 
will keep our eyes and ears open. We are looking at opportunities, but nothing concrete is at 
present now.  
Mulesh Savla: 
And sir, in this radar Company also, we were planning to increase our stake up to 51%. So, how 
soon that is likely to happen? 
B. R. Preetham: 
No, see, this is we already have a right to increase up to 51%. Now this is based on a capped 
valuation as well. So, as and when the Company requires the funds and as and when we feel that 
it is an appropriate time to increase, we will do it. In my expectation, this should happen over 
two to three years’ time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Please go ahead.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, if you can explain on the revenue from the top five customer along with their respective 
name as some changes done, so, please? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Madam, so as we keep expanding our customers, the contribution from each of our customers 
have also the share of contribution as strategy our top four customers, if you look at our top four 
customers, only two of them are now about 10%, Bajaj being the number one customer at 13.6%. 
So, overall if you look at the contribution from the top five customers, it now stands at 47.7%. 
So, while this is also very healthy, this is in line with our strategy because we would like to grow 
with our customers. In the same time, we want a lesser and lesser dependency on one such 
customer. So, it's been a good mix. So, today, if you look at last year's first quarter which was 
our top five customers contributing to 52.7%, now it has reduced to 47.7%, and only two of our 
customers are above 10% now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddhartha from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha: 
So, basically, sir, just wanted to check on one more thing. I mean, if I look at the, for this quarter, 
like if you see your domestic revenues have grown by 20%, and if I see segment-wise, even two-
wheeler motorcycles, I would say, has grown by upwards of 20%. So, now if I look at the 
industry production numbers for the two-wheeler industry, it's been sort of flattish to marginal 
growth. Even for PVs will be on those similar lines, low single digit type of growth on the 
production side. So, any particular reason why our growth is much higher? What is thriving this? 
And given the numbers, given the run rate now, should we expect some normalization going 
ahead? 
Praveen Chauhan: 
Yes. Siddhartha, basically, we had always been saying that we will grow much faster than the 
industry, and this is exactly what is happening and what is visible right now. The industry growth 
has not been in line with our expectations, but we have been growing by virtue of two things. 
One is that we have been consolidating our position in the two-wheeler segment. With the 
addition of TVS two years back, we have been continuously ramping our business with them 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
and they are closer to the top six, seven customers that we have and on top of that new addition 
of businesses and the premiumization particularly what Preetham spoke about some time back, 
that premiumization is something which is coming in quite handy for us, especially from 
aluminum forging business.  
 
Our customers like Royal Enfield are expanding into it and talk about any customer, they are 
talking about getting very seriously into premium segments. All these are somewhere benefiting 
us. We had been talking about it like that and that is all now fortifying now.  
B. R. Preetham: 
 And also the programs which we had started this year, mass production programs for supplies 
to BMW for their European programs, all these components which are going into that have 
already kicked in. The full production volumes have started, and also there is 400 plus cc 
Vehicles where our contribution is upwards of Rs. 7,000 to Rs. 8,000 per vehicle is also helping 
us to improve our the two-wheeler spread.  
Siddhartha: 
But sir, if I look at the quarter, I mean, on a Y-o-Y basis in Q1, I mean, 440 cc anyways the 
production has not happened in Q1. So, that will not be the reason.  
B. R. Preetham: 
Yes. Q1 the contribution, as Praveen said that it is mainly coming from TVS, Royal Enfield and 
also from our aluminum forged components which have started exports.  
Siddhartha: 
Yes. Aluminum forge will be coming under Tech Agnostic, right?  
B. R. Preetham: 
Tech Agnostic, yes.  
Siddhartha: 
TA, yes. So, I was just looking at the two-wheeler ICE motorcycles revenue. So, one will be the 
TVS share of business. So, possible to highlight how much has it gone up and can we see further 
increase from the current levels? 
Praveen Chauhan: 
TVS we have grown by more than 30%. So, that growth is coming. Then similarly, Royal Enfield 
is much higher than the industry as such.  
B. R. Preetham: 
And Royal Enfield, if you look at our participation also, again, in the newer series of engines     
and newer programs, again, our contribution per vehicle has increased. So, the number of 
components have increased. So, that has also helped.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Rahul Shah from Crown Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Shah: 
Can you please share a few more words on this stake you have recently taken in the high-tech 
Company? What is it exactly for? How does it help us exactly? 
B. R. Preetham: 
So, basically, this Company is into high technology products, especially electronic products. 
They are focused on radars and Sansera felt that, see, we have always been focused on 
technology and we felt that there is a lot of synergy that we can derive out of both these 
companies. They are a bootstrapped seven-year-old startup. All the promoters are technocrats 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
who come from, two of them are doctorates, in fact, and they have been working on this 
technology. Currently, this technology is not fully practiced in India. They work between 20 to 
110 gigahertz band, and this is between W and K band, if you are familiar with that.  
 
So, primarily, there are two phases of application. One is on defense and one is on civilian 
application including autonomous driving vehicles including altimeters, which are used in all 
the flying objects. So, there are a lot of applications where we can participate in terms of while 
they do all the electronics, there is a lot of mechanical components like Gimbal, antennas goes 
into this which requires very, very precision machining. That is where he thought both our 
expansion into defense which we are keen on doing it which will also be helped by them and 
their expansion into the aerospace and two-wheelers segment can be actually helped by Sansera.  
 
So, with this in mind we have committed or invested about 20 crores. This would on a projected 
EBITDA basis, the CCPS, when it gets converted, would result into approximately about 20% 
stake, but we also have a right to go up to 51% with a valuation capped valuation. So, we expect 
that between 18 and 24 months, a lot of revenues which are now in final testing and field-testing 
stages would fructify and this Company would have a great runway.  
Rahul Shah: 
And secondly, are you sharing any outlook or guidance for FY '24? Because you mentioned a 
lot of factors which will lead to growth across all the segments. So, overall on a full-year basis, 
revenue and margins, what are your expectations, sir? 
B. R. Preetham: 
Basically, see, I have said that previously also, just on a thumb rule basis, you can just say that 
we will be approximately growing at double the pace of the industry. If industry grows by 8%, 
we would be growing by at least 16% to 17%. So, looking at that, that is how we look at 
ourselves. So, we have kept ourselves a target also. I have also said this in my previous this 
thing, Company-wise, there have been initiatives. There have been very, very focused KRAs 
that is fixed for each one of us where all our plant heads and business heads are working on 
certain things to make sure Company-wide objective which we have set at 20-20-20, which is 
20% growth, 20% EBITDA, 20 ROCE. We are working towards that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking the last question that is from the line of 
Akshay Karwa from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Karwa: 
Sir, firstly, congratulations on exceptional performance. And sir, my questions are basically with 
regards to TVS. So, what will be the new share of business with them? And secondly, with 
regards to the new customer acquisitions in this quarter, I mean the auto-ICE segment, which 
product is this for? And what would be the expected production of this? And when do we start 
seeing the revenues are coming for the same, sir?  
B. R. Preetham: 
You said that you wanted to know what is our share of business with TVS currently? 
Akshay Karwa: 
Yes, sir. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
B. R. Preetham: 
On Auto-ICE, I think our share of business is close to about 30% on Auto-ICE components, 
whereas on Tech Agnostic and wherever we are supplying their EV models, I think we are close 
to 100% share of business. That is what it is. And the second question was pertaining to new 
customer additions, what are they into? Is that the question?  
Akshay Karwa: 
Yes, sir. The new customer, what product we will be supplying the connecting rod, crankshaft? 
So, when do we expect the revenues accruing for the same into our P&L?  
B. R. Preetham: 
Generally, see, a lot of these orders have come from our existing customers. As I said, it has 
come from Cummins is, of course, a new customer for us. General Motors and FCA and Tesla, 
all of these are existing customers, but having said that, the revenue order book that we generally 
indicate, that would anywhere start peaking from second to third year onwards. So, if I have to 
say that this 366 million what we have received would start coming into the revenue a year later 
and then peak will happen from about six to eight quarters from today. So, that is how we should 
look at it, but not all orders follow the same trend. There are like orders which, especially in the 
domestic segment where the orders would start fructifying within six months as well. So, that, 
but internationally, generally, if you look at it, it is between 18 and 24 months where the order 
peak will start happening. 
Akshay Karwa: 
So, assuming the Q1 F '26 revenues, we expect Cummins to kick in? 
B. R. Preetham: 
No, but this order of Cummins would begin slightly ahead of time because of their own 
requirement. So, we expect that in the next financial year the revenues will start contributing.  
Akshay Karwa: 
Sir, lastly, now that we have so many customers based in the US, GM, Tesla and all these guys 
and now that we have Cummins also on board, so, I know that we had the plan to start a capacity 
in the US. So, any color on that in the next two years, sir? 
B. R. Preetham: 
I already, I think, answered this, but at the cost of repetition, let me again say that that currently 
there is nothing concrete on that. While the Company is working on, we are yet to identify and 
finalize on a place which I expect should happen towards the end of the third quarter. Upon the 
Board approval, any further information on this, we will be sharing it.  
Vikas Goel: 
One thing, follow-up, there was a question regarding the manufacturing expenses, like power 
and fuel and consumables. So, for the Q1, it was 1,074 million. I think Mumuksh had asked that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. B. R. Preetham for his closing comments.  
B. R. Preetham: 
Thank you everyone for having patience and being supportive of us. We expect to continue our 
journey strongly into this financial year, Quarter 2, Quarter 3 and Quarter 4, and we certainly 
expect that we will be in line with similar growth story for all these quarters. So, with that in this 
thing, I again thank you all of you and all the best. Thank you. 

 
Sansera Engineering Limited 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you members for the Management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sansera 
Engineering Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
