 
 
Hikal Ltd. 
 
Admin. Office: Great Eastern Chambers, 6th Floor, Sector 11, CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai - 400 614, India. Tel. + 91–22–6277 0299, + 91–22–6866 0300 
 
Regd. Office: 717, Maker Chambers - 5, Nariman Point, Mumbai - 400 021, India. Tel. +91-22 6277 0477. Fax: + 91-22 6277 0500 
 
www.hikal.com        info@hikal.com        CIN: L24200MH1988PTC048028 
 
 
June 2, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd., 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code: 524735 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: HIKAL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings call for quarter and financial year ended March 31, 
2023 
 
In continuation of our letters dated May 26, 2023 and May 29, 2023 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings call held on May 29, 2023, for quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
for HIKAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Rajasekhar 
Reddy 
Chintakindi
Digitally signed by 
Rajasekhar Reddy 
Chintakindi 
Date: 2023.06.02 
17:51:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
Hikal Limited 
Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, 
the  audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 29th May 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMEER HIREMATH – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. ANISH SWADI – SENIOR PRESIDENT, BUSINESS 
TRANSFORMATION  
 
MR. VIMAL KULSHRESTHA – HEAD, CROP 
PROTECTION BUSINESS  
 
MR. KULDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. MANOJ MEHROTRA – HEAD, PHARMACEUTICAL 
BUSINESS  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
 
. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hikal Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer, Managing Director from Hikal Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and a very warm welcome to all of 
you. We extend our gratitude to all of you for participating in our Q4 and full year FY23 results 
conference call. We are delighted to provide you with an update on the progress made by our 
company. We trust that you have had the opportunity to review our earnings release, investor 
presentation and the financial statements for the quarter and year ended 31, March 2023. These 
documents can be accessed on both Hikal's website and the stock exchange website. I am Sameer 
Hiremath, Managing Director, Hikal Limited, and I will be leading the discussion and presenting 
the financial results. 
On this call with me, I have Mr. Anish Swadi, Senior President of Business Transformation, Mr. 
Kuldeep Jain, our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Manoj Mehrotra, our Head of Pharmaceutical 
business, Mr. Vimal Kulshrestha, Head of our Crop Protection business and Strategic Growth 
Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
During the financial year 2022-2023, despite the challenging economic environment, our 
company has delivered a step-wise improvement in performance quarter-on-quarter for this 
financial year. We achieved a revenue of INR 2,023 crores and an EBITDA of INR 257 crores, 
compared to INR 1,943 crores and INR 341 crores, respectively, for the previous year. This 
demonstrates our ability to navigate through challenging and difficult market conditions. 
Our ability to manage in this challenging environment can be attributed to the implementation 
of various strategic initiatives aimed at cost management, supply chain optimization, 
streamlining procurement, productivity improvement, product mix optimization as well as 
automation. These measures have effectively absorbed part of the escalation in input costs and 
ensured operational efficiency. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
We are pleased to announce that in Q4 FY23, our operating margins expanded sequentially 
despite limited top line growth. This achievement is a result of the consistent efforts and 
continued focus of our team at Hikal. 
Furthermore, the Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of 30% of the face value, 
which is INR 0.60 per share. When combined with the interim dividend of 30% already paid, 
the total dividend per share for FY23 amounts to 60% of the face value or INR 1.20. This 
underlines our commitment to providing value to our shareholders. 
In terms of the numbers for this quarter, we observed a year-on-year increase in revenue of 8.5% 
primarily driven by the recovery in the Pharma business. The top line for the quarter reached 
INR 545 crores compared to INR 502 crores last year. 
Furthermore, our revenue for the full year exhibited a growth of 4% and amounted to INR 2,023 
crores. The EBITDA for the full year stood at INR 257 crores and also the profit after tax for 
the quarter stood at INR 36 crores, and the profit after tax for the entire year amounted to INR 
78 crores. 
We have dedicated significant efforts to strengthening our balance sheet and improving the 
company's returns. Despite the capex, which was done in the last year, our debt equity ratio 
stands at 0.61x compared to 0.59x as of the previous year. 
You must have read about the dispute between Mrs. Sugandha Hiremath and her brother Baba 
Kalyani. This is a private matter between the two shareholders and is independent of the 
company's operations. It will not have any impact on the management and its operations and 
does not have any financial implications for Hikal. 
Now I would like to introduce Mr. Manoj Mehrotra, President of our Pharmaceutical Division, 
who will provide an overview of the division performance. Over to you, Manoj. 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Thank you, Sameer, and good evening to all participants. In the fourth quarter of FY23, the 
Pharma business witnessed a growth in revenue of 0.3% compared to Q4 FY22 with a total 
revenue of INR 309 crores. The EBIT for the division amounted to INR 36 crores, achieving an 
11.7% margin. This revenue growth can be attributed to the increased demand for our key 
products across the pharmaceutical industry as anticipated and communicated in the previous 
earnings call. 
For the entire year, the revenue at the top line level reached INR 1,115 crores, while the EBIT 
stood at INR 65 crores. The decline in EBIT can be attributed to the challenge of passing on 
higher cost to customers, which remains a focal point for us. However, efforts in cost reduction 
through business excellence initiatives have helped partially absorb the impact of rising input 
prices, thereby stabilizing margins. 
Although, the pharmaceutical industry is currently facing intense competition, the rate of price 
erosion is lower than expected experienced in 2022. This suggests that the worst case of erosion 
is likely behind us supported by improved raw material and logistics costs. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
I'll now focus on the two business segments of the Pharma business.  
First, the APIs. In terms of API business, we have witnessed consistent growth over the past few 
quarters. However, the market is experiencing intense competition and large inventory in the 
channel pipeline, leading to price pressures. 
Despite the challenge, we have successfully maintained a market share in legacy products. 
Throughout the year, we have expanded our customer base and strengthened our presence in 
new regions such as Japan, Middle East and Latin America. 
Notably, our new product launches in the antidiabetic therapeutic area have gained significant 
traction among global customers. We have a robust pipeline with 8 to 10 products under 
development and the target is to launch 3 to 4 products by the end of FY24. Moving forward, 
our focus will be on maximizing API sales by increasing our customers’ share of wallet, 
exploring new markets and expanding our market share in specific APIs where we possess 
advantages in terms of backward integration, scale and technology. 
On the CDMO vertical, looking ahead, we anticipate the normalization of the CDMO industry 
in the second half of FY24. As we have mentioned before, CDMO is a long-term business that 
requires time, commitment, and patience to establish strong customer relationships. We are 
pleased to report that despite the de-stocking situation, we have increased traction amongst our 
existing innovator customers, allowing us to expand our share of their business. We have two 
opportunities in Phase 3 of clinical trials, which are likely to get commercial in the coming years. 
We maintain a robust pipeline of projects in the CDMO space and actively pursue additional 
opportunities that have arisen in recent quarters. 
Overall, on the Pharma business, I'm delighted to share that our API facility in Panoli, Gujarat 
underwent a US FDA audit from 8th to 12th of May 2023. The audit concluded with an 
exceptional outcome as we received no action indicated or NAI as it is called compliance status 
with ‘Zero 483’ observations from the US FDA. This achievement reflects our unwavering 
commitment to maintaining the highest standards of quality, compliance, and regulatory 
adherence across all our manufacturing sites. These developments further reinforce our position 
as a leading player in the industry known for our strict adherence to quality and regulatory 
governance. 
Some further actions which we are going to take, we are pleased to highlight that the product 
pipeline remains robust across all our business categories, indicating promising growth 
opportunities. Our focus is not only on top line growth but also on enhancing profitability. We 
are implementing various measures to improve cost efficiency and optimize operational 
processes. These cost improvement measures are aimed at achieving operational excellence and 
maximizing the value we deliver to our customers and stakeholders. 
Now I would like to introduce Mr. Vimal Kulshrestha, President Crop Protection, who will 
provide an overview of the Crop Protection division's performance. 
Vimal Kulshrestha: 
Thank you, Manoj, and good evening, all the participants of this earnings call. I'll brief about 
the crop business. The Crop Protection division achieved a revenue of INR 236 crores for the 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
quarter, compared to INR 194 crores in Q4 FY22, representing a 22% year-on-year growth. For 
the full year, division recorded a revenue of INR 908 crores compared to INR 813 crores in 
FY22, reflecting a 12% year-on-year growth. The EBIT for the quarter amounted to INR 31 
crores which was 11.4% and was INR 12 crores in Q4 FY22, indicating a 167% year-on-year 
growth. On annual basis, dividends EBIT was INR 104 crores, which was 11.4%. All our plants 
are operating at optimal capacity. Demand of our own product remains subdued in Q4 due to 
high channel inventory. We expect this trend to continue during H1 FY24. 
We are witnessing increased traction in inquiries in the CDMO segment. Our multipurpose plant 
in Panoli is nearing completion. We are currently in a stabilization phase and the commissioning 
process is progressing as planned. 
Now I would talk about business verticals. 
 In own product segment, we are observing higher than normal inventory levels in the market 
and the situation is expected to improve in H2. The medium-term outlook for our own product 
is positive and end-user consumption continues to grow. As part of our growth strategy, we are 
in the process of commissioning our new multipurpose plant at Panoli. Additionally, we are 
actively exploring new product opportunities to further expand our business. 
In CDMO business, CDMO business continues to attract inquiries from both existing as well as 
new customers. This demonstrates the ongoing demand for our contract development and 
manufacturing services. We are focused on leveraging these opportunities and strengthening our 
position with global innovator companies. The few actions based on our increased marketing 
efforts, we are onboarding several new customers. We remain committed to enhance operational 
efficiencies and thereby reducing costs. 
To mitigate supply chain mix, we have begun a strategic vendor development, diversifying our 
supplier base, implementing backward integration. This ensures reliable ability and stable 
pricing of essential raw materials. These initiatives fortify our operations, streamlined costs and 
reinforce our ability to meet customer demand with efficiency and consistency. 
Now I would hand over to Mr. Anish Swadi, Senior President of Business Transformation, who 
will provide overview of our business strategy. Anish, over to you. 
Anish Swadi: 
Thank you, Vimal and Manoj. With our business heads having talked about their respective 
businesses, I would like to take you through some of our strategic priorities. Our planned 
transformation journey is well underway with promising developments in our product portfolio 
and focused geographical expansion. Aligned with our shared purpose of improving lives and 
serving the larger community, we are committed to sustainability in every aspect of our 
operations through our ESG strategy. From our focus on decarbonization to exploring new eco-
friendly technologies, to waste reduction initiatives and ethical corporate governance, we strive 
to be a responsible and impactful business. 
The positive outcomes of our strategic Project Pinnacle initiatives are already evident across 
both businesses. This is positioning us for a stronger and more sustainable future. As a company 
that emphasizes R&D and innovation, we are confident that our focus on scaling through 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
sustainable operations will lead to long-term success. We remain dedicated to delivering 
customer-driven products, commercializing in-house innovations and leveraging our expertise 
to convert contract development projects into long-term manufacturing opportunities across our 
pharmaceutical and Crop Protection divisions. 
As global companies adopt the China Plus One strategy to diversify their supply chains, we see 
India as a major beneficiary of this shift. At Hikal, we are already seeing and experiencing the 
advantage of this evolving landscape. 
Now to talk a little about Animal Health. Our deep networks and connections with global 
innovators to become a partner of choice in this space based on our capabilities and handling 
complex chemistries and providing an end-to-end support in developing processes, complex 
molecules and providing the option of test batches and rampant scale up as the requirement as 
there may be, puts us on a very strong and comparable footing. 
Our new multipurpose facility for Animal Health is on schedule and should be operational during 
the first half of the fiscal year FY24, moreover towards the end of Q2. The development of 
multiple APIs under a long-term agreement with an innovative animal health company is 
proceeding as planned. And in the next 1.5 years, we will be providing validation batches of the 
products that we have under development to our customers. We are also in discussions with 
various customers across the globe to provide manufacturing and R&D solutions to them for 
their current and future portfolio needs. 
Now we would like to open the floor to Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. The first question is from the line of Mr. Karan Mehra from Mehta 
Investment. 
Karan Mehra: 
Just two questions from my end. Sir, where do you see the business in the next two to three 
years, like both from pharma and crop segment? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. Thanks for that question. I think you have a second question as well. Should I take, both of 
them together? 
Karan Mehra: 
Yes. So the next is like, are we getting any new orders both in terms -- in both the businesses, 
pharma and crop? And any color you can throw over there? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. So I think the long -- the three to four-year horizon, we've put a very detailed strategy in 
place over the next four to five years, and we're planning out exactly as per that strategy. While 
this year, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, first half is actually going to be challenging. 
The medium to long-term outlook is very intact. We expect significant growth to come in all 
three of our business verticals, which is pharma, crop protection, animal health, and we expect 
the margins to start improving year-on-year from next year onwards. 
The second question was regarding, do you see a lot of opportunities in any products? We are 
doing a lot of big pivot toward the CDMO segment. If you looked at our Pharma business, we 
had a lot of legacy products while launching many new molecules on the API side and are also 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
onboarding several new innovator companies. As Manoj Mehrotra mentioned, we are 
commercializing two new products in Phase 3, and this will be launched very shortly and this 
will ramp-up. 
Also, we have several other products in the development pipeline. And the same is true on the 
crop protection and animal health side, we're getting involved with customers on niche and on-
patent molecules, which will get launched in the next two to three years. So the growth is very 
exciting, and we expect the company to really start growing once the new capacity will come on 
stream by this year, we will start seeing a significant ramp-up in growth and margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, my first question is, we were expecting FY24 to be back on the growth path. But as 
mentioned in the press release, I think H1, we are looking at a challenging H1. So, given that 
context, do we expect to grow at 15% kind of a number in FY24, how do you guys look at that? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Well, yes, you're right. I mean, H1 is expected to be challenging. We still expect growth on an 
annualized perspective compared to the last year. I would not be in a position to give the exact 
guidance. I think let us wait and watch how Q1 pan out. But we're quite confident that we will 
able to grow on an overall basis, we expect H2 to be significantly better than H1. Demand is still 
strong in our product its just a moving of offtake from one quarter to the next is because of the 
channel inventory. And we expect that from September, October onwards, things will start 
improving in both our businesses. And demand is there, it will come back. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Second question is, so we are going to commercialize both on the Crop Protection and 
Animal Health side in the first half or maybe by end of Q2. So a lot of cost is going to come in 
while the revenue will take time to ramp-up. So, going forward, at least for FY24, do we see our 
margins kind of getting compressed because of the costs coming in where the revenue is not still 
scaling up? How to go on that side? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I think you're right. I mean, from end of Q2 onwards, when the plants do start operating, it is a 
ramp-up. But in this part of the year, we're doing mostly validation batches and ramp-up 
quantities. So that should more than compensate for the cost of the plant. By the end of the year, 
we expect the margins to actually not contract to slightly expand compared to last year. They 
will be better. Because as I've been saying on our previous calls, the new projects that we've 
taken are on a better margin profile compared to our current historical business. So overall, we 
expect by the end of this financial year, the margins will improve rather than contract. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And on Animal Health side, I think last call, you mentioned that we expect revenue to 
start contributing from FY24 – FY25 onwards, right? So when do you think that the full scale 
or optimal utilization will reach on the animal health side? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. So on the Animal Health side, as you mentioned, post end of Q2, when we start the 
operations in the plant, we'll be validating at least for 1.5 years, the multiple products that we've 
signed for. Post that, probably in FY25, we'll see the commercialization of this molecule start 
and then we'll be supplying commercial quantities to our customers. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. So that -- for to reach optimal utilization, it will take 2.5 years, 3 years. Is that a right 
assumption from the start? 
Anish Swadi: 
To reach peak optimization, that's correct. However, we will still generate revenues from the 
molecules that we'll be validating and supplying to our customers, albeit smaller, but we'll still 
be generating revenues. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And last question on the agri side. So I think the new multipurpose plant that is are going 
to be commercialized this year. Is it largely going to be for our own product or this is for the 
CDMO opportunities, or is it fungible across both? 
Vimal Kulshrestha: 
This is Vimal. So this is going to be a multipurpose plant, and this plant would be used for our 
own products as well as for CDMO products. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Got it. And any capex, new capex that we are planning to undertake? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
As of now, nothing new. We're just completing these two major projects that are getting 
commissioned in the next few months. And we just have some maintenance capex and some 
small other capex for debottlenecking. Apart from that, there's no other major capex plan for this 
year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Dipti Kothari from Kothari Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Sir, my first question is that how will the US FDA at Panoli benefit Hikal? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, I think there's a lot of benefit. We now have a second US FDA approved site for APIs. This 
brings in a lot of value-add for our customers who are all looking at de-risking their supply base. 
So for all our key molecules, we offer the customers the opportunity to validate their products 
between two sites, and that is viewed very positively by our customers, and we've already started 
this exercise. And many of our APIs, which we have filed in Jigani, we're also filing them in 
Panoli. We have ability to move products around between the two sites. And it also helps in our 
CDMO strategy where we could do APIs on two sides if demand goes up. And we have 
contingency planning for security supplies. So this is extremely positively by all our customers. 
Dipti Kothari: 
Okay. And sir, how is the pharma CDMO versus own products? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Manoj, do you want to take that? 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Yes. Pharma, CDMO and own products remain broadly in the range of 50-50, it varies quarter-
to-quarter, but that's the overall feeling what we are having. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Amaan Vora from Premier Capital. 
Amaan Vora: 
I just wanted a little more color on the press release and the guidance you gave. So there are two 
basic challenges that we are talking about. One is the channel inventory, which most of your 
competitors are also talking about. But the second part where you're talking about increasing 
competition. Could you please give me some more color on what is -- where is the competition 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
coming from and which kind of molecules you are facing this kind of competition, the increased 
competition? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, I think that it's more of the pharma side, it's for the generic pharma side, Manoj probably 
you can take that. 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Yes. When we say increased competition, what it means that, okay, we are saying we are 
developing 8 to 10 products and three to four new launch every year. But what we have seen in 
the recent past that there are many other companies who are doing similar products. And any 
DMF, which we file, there will be a replication of at least 10 to 15 DMFs of the same product. 
So the only way to stay ahead of the competition, it really be a little early for launch, number 
one. 
And number two, always be ahead in the cost curve, which we are trying to do. But having said 
that, there is always a chance that somebody else does better than you. And what is also 
happening is that all customers have now multiple sources of APIs, and they tend to kind of 
negotiate one with the other. And if you really don't have any competitive advantage, you tend 
to fall in the trap of price reduction. And that's what we are seeing increasingly in the generic 
API market. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it. So is there a case that like post the China reopening, there has been increased competition 
from players in China and they've probably been selling -- disrupting the market with selling at 
lower prices? 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
So in the API business, it is primarily companies based out of India, which compete with us, 
especially, on the product portfolio, what we have. China is also has manufacturers, but it is 
more from companies based out of India who have filed US DMFs. They also compete with us. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it. And my second question is on our margins a bit. So like our guidance earlier, Sameer, 
was around that -- post the turmoil we faced in first and second quarters that we'll have a gradual 
recovery. And then we will grow from our base of FY22 because the mix that we are doing 
currently, like what we are expanding into has better margins than our historic margins. But your 
commentary now looks a little somber. I just want to get some color, like I get the top line part, 
top line challenges. But what is our outlook on margins going ahead? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
If you look at our last financial year, we've shown a step-wise improvement in margins quarter-
on-quarter. And March '23 quarters are close to 17% margin, which is very close to our historical 
level. So I think just if we put aside the first one or two quarters challenges for the year, we 
expect H2 margins to come back to more or less the old historical levels. So again, even this 
year, H2 will be far better than H1, and we will see -- start seeing margin expansion. 
If you look at our quarter four numbers for this year, we expect the margins to be better than our 
current quarter four numbers for this year. We are confident that margins will become improve 
because raw material prices have also softened. And as we get volume increases, and we are 
quickly launching some new molecules this year at a higher margin profile. At the end of the 
year, when we look at the annual results, we expect the margins to improve compared to this 
year. So I think it's -- we are being cautiously optimistic if I had to put it, but we are monitoring 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
the situation very closely. And once demand does come back, we'll be in a very good position 
to start improving our margins. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it. And my third question is around like we've been talking about most of our CDMO 
contracts have a pass-through clause and it roughly takes about two quarters lag or two to three 
quarters lag to pass on the prices. And we've been facing those pressures for the last three or four 
quarters. So I want to get a sense, like why are we having issues with like Mr. Mehrotra 
mentioned in his opening remarks that there is some challenge in passing on those prices. So 
like it's been now two, three quarters. So -- just want to get some sense on what the issue is 
around passing to our clients. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So I think he was talking about the generic portfolio, where there's a challenge to pass on the 
increase because of competition. On the CDMO side, there's a very clear pass-through clause in 
all the contracts. And that's where the lag effect takes place for one or two quarters, two quarters 
or three quarters sometimes. But it does eventually get passed on, yes. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it. And can you just give me a sense of the total capex that we've done over the last three 
years? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. Kuldeep, our CFO, will take that, yes. 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes. Over the last three years, we have done capex of INR700 crores. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it. So now this INR700 crores, if you expect the normalized asset turn of 1.5x, this is about 
INR1,050 crores of incremental revenue at full utilization that our company should see, which 
should be sometime in the next 12 to 18 months. Am I -- is my understanding correct? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
No, it will take a little more because see this Animal Health will be completing in this year and 
then crop protection multi-project plant also we will be completing this year. And this pharma 
typically takes 18 to 24 months. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it. And sir, Animal Health would be accruing revenues to us from FY25, right, not nothing 
in FY24? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
Yes, there will be some validation quantity will be sold, but the big revenue will come from 
FY25. 
Amaan Vora: 
Got it, sir. And my last question is, sir, what would be our capex for FY24? 
Kuldeep Jain: 
We're estimating INR200 crores. 
Amaan Vora: 
INR200 crores. Got it, sir. We remain committed long-term investors, and we expect Hikal to 
perform in line with its history and do better in the coming years. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Congrats on a sequential good set of numbers. My first question is on the gross margin front, in 
Q4, we have done extremely well. So given that probably there would be some benefits which 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
would have been coming from lower RM prices. Incrementally, depending -- I mean, 
considering the current situation, slowdown in first half, do you still expect that the gross 
margins will be maintained over the next few quarters? Thank you. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I think from the gross margin perspective, I think -- as I mentioned earlier, the H2 will be better 
than H1. And if you look at the annual year, we'll be better than this full year's annual. From an 
EBITDA perspective, there will be some impact in the first half, but I think that the second half 
of the year will more than make it up and then we will have a recovery so that the full year 
EBITDA will be better than the EBITDA for last financial year. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And any specific reason the staff costs have come off quite a bit on a sequential basis? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes. See, for these plants, we had to onboard several new employees well in advance. There's 
an induction period and there is a training period that the employees have to undergo, which is 
a few months to a couple of quarters. So that they have to be onboarded before the plant is 
commissioned or the trials they're involved in. So that is why this staff cost has also gone up a 
bit. But this will normalize once the plants start operating by end of this year. I will come back 
to a steady state by next year. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it. And my second question is in terms of the channel inventories for both the Pharma 
and Agro segment. I'm particularly talking about our channel inventories. Are the channel 
inventories from our side higher in the system, and they may exert pressure given that the raw 
material prices are still falling and we might have higher cost product inventories? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So we do maintain some inventory of raw materials, but we have been done a lot of work on our 
inventory and working capital management because of which we've optimized our working 
capital considerably in the last year. So we have a few months of inventory. And I think by 
towards end of quarter 1, we start seeing the benefits of the reduced raw material pricing. We 
don't have a very high amount of inventory, but it will be starting benefiting us by end of quarter 
one. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And particularly on the product side? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
On the finished goods side, we have very little inventory. We don't maintain. We are very strict 
on inventory management. We maintain low levels of inventory. And so we are -- I think it takes 
a few months, and we'll be able to manage. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nehal Jain from SK Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nehal Jain: 
Sir, can you give us some color on your R&D spends and number of DMF filings for the year? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, R&D spend is about 4% of our revenue, is between 3.5% to 4%. That's what we try and 
maintain every year. And in the last year, we filed three DMFs and the plan is to file three to 
four DMFs, every single year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Ashit Kothi, Individual Investor. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Ashit Kothi: 
Sir, I would want to understand from you as to the pharma as well as animal health products and 
other advanced pharmaceutical API products, which we are planning to get into with new plant. 
Are you -- are we confident of starting it by -- or stabilizing even by first quarter of '25? 
Anish Swadi: 
So I can take the Animal Health segment. So the validation of all the products are currently 
ongoing or will start at the end of Q2 once we finish or commercialize the plant. We validate for 
about 18 to 20 months post that and then we'll start the commercial production in terms of supply 
and commercial quantities to our customer. I can't go into the details of the products because 
that's confidential, and it is solely for the customer, but they are animal health products, and we 
will utilize this range of products as well as the plant that we have built to target additional 
customers because it's a very unique proposition to have a cGMP US FDA approved animal 
health plant, supplying on a global scale. So that's on the animal health side. I'll ask Manoj to 
take -- answer your question on the pharmaceutical also. 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
So on the pharma side, we did have some capex, which we have just capitalized in Bangalore 
and a year before that we did in Panoli. So that revenue has started coming in. And the first year 
was done more on validation point. If that get customer approvals, we are going ahead with 
commercial sales also in FY23, FY24, we'll see the revenues coming out of this capex in pharma. 
Ashit Kothi: 
With regards to the Animal Health division, what is our management bandwidth on that as well 
as on the sales? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
I'm sorry, can you repeat 
Ashit Kothi: 
Yes, the management bandwidth on Animal Health division, as well as the sales people or 
marketing people on Animal Health and who are our major competitors on Animal Health, is it 
Hester Bio and others? Whom all we should consider as your major competitor in this particular 
division? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
For the Animal Health, we have a separate organization right from sales and marketing to 
operations, to R&D and procurement. There is a separate team that is looking after and focus on 
the animals, so we are focused in the organization. Anish Swadi heads the Animal Health 
business. From the competition landscape, we are in the CDMO space in the animal health. We 
don't have our own brands. So I think, I don't know if anybody is like-to-like competitor in India. 
There are a few players in Europe, the large CDMO players in Europe are making animal 
products. But there are a few players in China. 
Manoj Mehrotra: 
Just to add, what we are unique in animal health is that we are one of the few who have fully 
compliant cGMP facility for animal health. So that will really give us a cutting edge over other 
competitors. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So if you have to talk in numbers, and that is head count as well as sales, can you throw some 
light on that? 
Anish Swadi: 
As we indicated, in terms of headcount, so animal health currently lies within the pharmaceutical 
division. So Manoj, oversees the operations of the animal health. I Anish look after the overall 
business, per se. In order to save costs and streamline operations, we ensure that we quickly, 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
we're utilizing the existing proceeds we have currently, and we have additional people that are 
just focused on selling Animal Health so that there is a direct focus there. 
But in the areas in which we operate in existing markets, we have people, so there's no point in 
adding more people to the same job. In terms of sales, we've indicated that, look, currently, we 
have about INR100 crores run rate existing of animal health business, which is currently within 
the pharma vertical. And eventually, the business, we have an aspiration to grow to over INR500 
crores-plus in the next five years. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So sequential yearly wise if we talk about, it would be what 15% growth, or 20% growth? 
Anish Swadi: 
It will be closer to 20%. But look, it's not going to be sequential because we're penetrating now 
and then we hit commercial, right? So you'll have another period of, as I mentioned earlier, about 
14 months to 18 months where you validate the products. And then from validation, you'll go -- 
you'll start supplying commercial. So it will be about 2.5 years before you hit peak in terms of 
supplying commercial quantities. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So out of that 2.5 years, how much of time we have already invested in this? And what is left 
now? 
Anish Swadi: 
4.5 years, we'll start from the time we commercialize the plant because you can't generate 
revenue until you have the plant commercialized, right? 
Ashit Kothi: 
So actual profit would start contributing from animal health from FY26? 
Anish Swadi: 
That's correct. So we'll actually have revenues. So just to explain to you to be very clear, we'll 
commercialize the plant in the end of Q2, right, where the plant will come onstream. We'll supply 
validation batches of all the products that we have over the next 14 months to 18 months, which 
is basically till the end of next financial year. And then we'll start full commercial production. 
So we will generate revenue and profits in the next 14 months to 18 months, and then the 
commercial quantities will start, whereby we will generate higher revenues and higher profits. 
Ashit Kothi: 
So majorly if we understand it's second half of '26? 
Anish Swadi: 
In terms of commercial, look, again, just to clarify, this year at the end, that is the current 
financial year that we're going through right now. At the end of Q2, we'll start revenues and will 
generate profits. In the next 18 months, after that, that is at the end of next financial year, we 
will start commercial supplies where we'll generate more revenues and profitability, higher 
levels of revenues and higher level of profitability, right? So if I were to say exactly, it will be 
one year and nine months approximately from where we are today. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Pankaj Jain from Mahavir Investments. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Sir, I would like to know what is the volume growth for the Pharma business and crop protection 
business for Q4 and FY23? 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So, for FY23, for the crop business, we had a volume growth of 4%, while for the Pharma 
business, there was a de-growth of 11%. So we were able to improve our product mix and we 
were selling more high-margin products in the pharma business. 
Pankaj Jain: 
What would be the similar number for Q4? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
For Q4, our pharma business grew by 10% volume, while our crop business had a de-growth of 
about 13% for Q4. 
Pankaj Jain: 
Sir, my next question will be how is the China Plus One strategy playing out? So do you see 
incremental revenues, which may come in from that China Plus One strategy? Are we seeing 
increased inquiries from that front? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Definitely, I mean we are seeing inquiries in all three of our businesses. Of course, customers 
are all coming to us as option over China, and this has continued. I think the -- it is definitely 
happening. It just may take a little bit of time because moving a supply chain is not as easy as it 
sounds. But the process has already started, and the inquiries have increased tremendously in the 
last one year and many projects have been signed by us, many of them are under development, 
and some will be launched in this financial year and next financial year. So definitely, there's a 
lot of traction, and the China plus one strategy is panning out. Pharma is slightly more time than 
crop because of the regulatory environment, but it is happening in both segments. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Mr. Dhwanil Desai, Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, one clarification. I think for FY24, you mentioned capex of INR 200 crores, right? But you 
also mentioned that this year mostly it will be maintenance capex. So is it like for plant 
completion, there will be some capex and maintenance capex will be much smaller numbers. 
Can you bifurcate that? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Yes, you are absolutely right. I think -- the large part of the capex would be the completion of 
the two major projects, the animal health plant and the crop multipurpose plant, which will get 
commissioned by next quarter. So some of that did a carry forward of the last year's capex and 
the maintenance capex and the other debottlenecking capex is just a very small part of the total 
capex. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And sir, also, a couple of years ago, we were at 20% margin and our aspiration was to 
grow the margins by 100, 150 bps every year. So FY25 will be kind of re-established to the 
earlier base and then FY24, sorry. We'll go back to the earlier base and then start growing 
margins by 100 bps, 150 bps, is that the direction that you're looking at? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
So, I think from H2 FY24 onwards, we'll start moving towards the FY22 margins exit run rate. 
And after that, from FY25 onwards, we expect this sequential growth to come back. I think 
there's a little bit of pause for 1.5 years because of market conditions and external environment, 
but the medium to long-term perspective, we are still at confident goal. From FY25 onwards, 
we exit FY24 closer to steady growth in FY22, and then we'll have a sequential growth that we 
had aspired to, and we start achieving them, once the new capacities start kicking in by end of 
this year. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And sir, any sense on what is the percentage of revenue contribution from our large legacy 
pharma molecule, if you can give us some sense? It used to be a very large number. Is it still a 
very large number? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
No. So the percentage of reliance on our portfolio is coming down year-on-year. If you look at 
our total split between generics and CDMO on the pharma side, it's close to 50-50, out of that 
50% of generics, a large part of the portion going forward, maybe the new launches that we've 
done last year and this year. So our legacy portfolio will come down considerably. And it was 
just the -- we are de-risking our legacy portfolio to a large extent. That being said, our legacy 
portfolio demand still continues to grow. 
There is limited competition of scale, there may be a lot of players that Manoj has mentioned 
for every product. But eventually, the legacy portfolio, only two, three players remain at scale, 
and they have -- they shared the market between them, and that's what we have seen in our three, 
four legacy products. 
There are a few of us remaining, which will continue to remain, and we have our set of 
customers. And each of these customers are growing because the end market on all three, four 
of our legacy molecule is growing year-on-year. So our business will grow on this product as 
we ensure we retain market share. And the growth of the legacy portfolio will be there, but it 
will be a smaller part of our total portfolio year-on-year. And our dependence on that is coming 
down every single year. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And one more question, sorry, if you allow me. So, yes, sir, we have been talking about 
China Plus One tailwind. But in the last few quarters, not only us, but industry as a whole, both 
on pharma API and on the agri side, the China has come back strongly. And people are kind of 
giving business, considering price or supply chain risk. So do you think that whatever that 
customers are talking about in terms of supply chain de-risking is actually translating into action, 
or when economics finally will prevail over all the risk how is it that you are experiencing that 
from the customer side? 
Sameer Hiremath: 
It's a very good question. So actually, yes, there is some short-term pricing challenges from 
Chinese coming into and giving very low prices. But that's more on the commodity products and 
the raw materials. If you look at the niche molecules and the CDMO segment, that is not the 
case. I think that's why Hikal is focusing, on the niche products and on more complex products, 
and our own products are also complex and also on the CDMO space, where definitely there is 
a move towards a China Plus One, and it is irreversible. 
I think the decisions have already been made. And customers are not looking at just as a short-
term impact. They are looking at it more from a long-term perspective. And the decisions that 
have been taken at the senior most level in these companies to move the supply chain out of 
China. And all is not going to move to India, but even if a fraction of what the China moves to 
India, is going to keep all the top Indian companies busy for several years to come. And that's 
what we're seeing. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mr. Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just a few clarifications on the Animal Health. So Anish, on this, how much would be the initial 
capex that we are doing when the plant will get commissioned? And structurally, the EBITDA 
margins would be upwards of, say, 20% plus/minus given that it's a niche business. And like we 
are the only company, I mean, we are among the very few companies with the cGMP facility for 
animal health? I just wanted color on this. Thank you. 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. So, look, we don't -- we're not disclosing numbers on individual plants that we're building. 
But this is a significant size multipurpose asset that we have built on our US FDA property in 
Panoli. 
In terms of your second question, in terms of EBITDA margins, yes, at peak revenues, the 
margins will be in excess of 20% when we commercialize this. And that, as I mentioned earlier 
on the call is going to be 14 months to 16 months post Q2 commercialization of the facility. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And will this facility be dedicated for the clients whom we have this contract, or is it 
fungible and we can use it for any other clients who can be onboarded? 
Anish Swadi: 
Yes. So the facility is fungible. It's not dedicated to the client or any particular client. It is 
fungible and it is used to -- it will be used for multiple global clients. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And these are predominantly, say, a unique proprietary set of molecules or patented molecules 
or -- I mean, these are currently being made by the innovator or the MNCs and we will be given 
as a contract manufacturer over a period of time? 
Anish Swadi: 
So we are working with the customer to develop the products from scratch. These are a 
combination of products that the customer uses both proprietary and proprietary generics is what 
we call it. So we are developing the products from scratch, meeting the latest regulatory 
guidelines and some of them are off patent, some of them will be on patent. So it's a combination 
of -- it's a product portfolio. It's not a single product.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer for closing comments. 
Sameer Hiremath: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining our quarterly earnings call and for your continued interest in 
our company. We appreciate your support as we navigate through the challenges of the global 
business environment. At present, our key focus areas are operational excellence, capital 
efficiency and onboarding new customers and launching our products and completing our new 
projects which will enable us to reduce cost and improve our margins. By prioritizing these 
aspects, we aim to maintain our competitiveness in global markets and service our expanding 
customer base. 
Looking ahead, we are well positioned for sustainable growth in the medium to long term. We 
do expect some short-term challenges given the current macro-economic environment of high 
channel inventory with our customers. We expect these challenges to ease towards the end of 
Q2 FY24, while saying that, we do believe that the medium- to long-term growth and 
profitability story is intact for Hikal. It is important to emphasize that new customer interest in 

 
 
Hikal Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Hikal and this product portfolio remains high for both our businesses as well as our emerging 
segment of the Animal Health business. 
Our fully operational facilities and the addition of the new plant, which will come on stream in 
the next few quarters, along with the launch of new innovative products and other promising 
developments contribute to our confidence in achieving the results we have targeted over the 
past several quarters and what we have spoken about in the last few analyst calls. 
As we conclude this call, we want to assure you that we are here to address any further questions 
or concerns, please feel free to reach out to us or to our Investor Relations partners, Strategic 
Growth Advisors. Stay safe and take care, and thank you once again for your participation and 
support. Good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hikal Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
