 
 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
CIN: U24297MH2020PLC338592 
Registered Office: Gr. Flr. Piramal Ananta, Agastya Corporate Park, Opp Fire Brigade, Kamani Junction, LBS Marg, Kurla (West), Mumbai – 400070 India 
T +91 22 3802 3000 / 4000 
piramal.com 
7th August, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE scrip code: 543635 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE symbol: PPLPHARMA 
 
Sub: SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(‘Listing Regulations’) - Transcript of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 28th July, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with 
Para A Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the Conference Call held on 4th August, 2023 on discussion of the Q1 FY2024 Results of 
the Company. 
 
The transcript of the said conference call is also hosted on the website of the Company at 
https://www.piramal.com/investor/piramal-pharma-limited/financial-reports/investor-calls/  
Kindly take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Piramal Pharma Limited 
 
 
 
 
Tanya Sanish 
Company Secretary 
 
TANYA 
SANISH
Digitally signed 
by TANYA 
SANISH 
Date: 2023.08.07 
20:23:58 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Piramal Pharma Limited's Q1FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. NANDINI PIRAMAL – CHAIRPERSON, PIRAMAL 
PHARMA LIMITED. 
MR. PETER DEYOUNG – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
GLOBAL PHARMA, PIRAMAL PHARMA LIMITED. 
MR. VIVEK VALSARAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
PIRAMAL PHARMA LIMITED. 
MR. GAGAN BORANA – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
PIRAMAL PHARMA LIMITED.  
 
 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Piramal Pharma Limited's Q1 FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gagan Borana from Piramal Pharma 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gagan Borana: 
Good morning, everyone, I welcome you all to our Post Results Earnings Conference Call to 
discuss our Q1 FY'24 Results. Our Results Material has been uploaded on stock exchanges and 
you would like to download and refer to them during our discussion. 
On the call today we have with us, Ms. Nandini Piramal – Chairperson, Piramal Pharma Limited; 
Mr. Peter DeYoung – CEO of Global Pharma; and Mr. Vivek Valsaraj – CFO of a Company. 
Before I proceed with the call, I would like to update everyone that currently we are in the middle 
of our rights issue for raising capital not exceeding Rs. 1,050 crore. Given this event, we would 
have to abide by the statutory guidelines as issued by the regulator in regard to our disclosure 
and external communications. According, we would not be able to share any forward-looking 
statements nor disclose any further details on the proposed fundraise other than what is share in 
the LOF during the deal window period. Therefore, I would request everyone on this call to 
restrict today's discussion to Q1 FY'24 performance. 
Since last evening post declaring our quarterly results, we have received several investor queries 
and in alignment with the restrictions we have drafted our response to these queries and will 
share these responses first and later open up the floor for any other questions that you may have. 
With that I would like to hand over to Ms. Nandini Piramal to share her thoughts. 
Nandini Piramal: 
Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us on our post results Q1 FY'24 Earnings Call. 
Starting with the update on the rights issue we have filed the Letter of Offer with SEBI and have 
also finalized the issue details. The rights issue price has been fixed at Rs. 81 with an entitlement 
ratio of five shares to every 46 held, the record date was 2nd August. 
Quarter's Performance 
During the quarter we have registered a year-on-year revenue growth of 18% delivering revenues 
of Rs. 1,749 crore. Our CDMO business was aided by continued order flow momentum and 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
strong execution grew by 17% during the first quarter of the financial year. We are also seeing 
healthy demand for our recently expanded facilities offering differentiated capabilities. Further 
we witnessed YoY improvement in demand in our generic API business. 
Our complex hospital generics grew by 22% YoY during the quarter primarily driven by robust 
demand in sevoflurane and contributions from new product launches in the injectible segments. 
Our Indian consumer healthcare business has registered YoY growth of 13% driven by power 
brands and new product launches. 
Our EBITDA during the first quarter stood at Rs. 171 crore with an EBITDA margin of 10% 
compared to 6% in the same quarter last year. The healthy improvement in our EBITDA margin 
was on account of strong revenue growth along with cost optimization matches. Also please note 
our first quarter FY'23 EBITDA had a one-time inventory margin impact of Rs. 68 crore. 
Our net debt at the end of Quarter 1 FY'24 is about Rs. 4,700 crore compared to Rs. 4,800 in the 
last quarter. We repaid some debt in the last quarter. 
Historically our H2 has been better than H1 both in terms of revenue and profitability. We are 
working to leverage a good start to the financial year in continuing this momentum to deliver a 
healthy performance for the rest of the year. 
We continue to maintain our high-quality track record of zero OAIs as we successfully closed 
the USFDA inspection at the Pithampur facility with zero observations. During the quarter we 
also received an EIR for our Sellersville facility thereby successfully closing inspection. 
In the last nine months, five of our facilities have undergone the USFDA inspection and we have 
successfully closed all of them. Apart from the USFDA inspection, our facilities also underwent 
regulatory inspections from other global agencies along with audits from our customers which 
we cleared successfully. 
On the ESG front as well maintain progress with the development of our decarbonization plant 
in accordance with the 1.5-degree trajectory as suggested by SBTI (Science Based Targets). We 
are now committee to SBTI and the UN Global Compact. We also adopted a Global Human 
Development Policy Code of Conduct and Ethics to strengthen our governance. 
During FY'23 we had zero fatalities and also improved the gender diversity. We will soon be 
releasing our sustainability report,in which we will be sharing further details of our ESG 
initiatives undertake in FY'23. 
Business Specific Highlights 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Moving to business specific highlights, the CDMO. In our CDMO business we witnessed good 
momentum and order inflows in Quarter 1 FY'24. These incremental orders are a healthy mix of 
development work involving differentiated capabilities and commercial manufacturing of 
unpatented molecules. We are seeing encouraging demands for expanded capabilities that went 
live towards the end of FY'23. We are expanding our capacity expansion for antibody-drug 
conjugate at the Grangemouth facility which should open in the H2 of this year. And that will 
help strengthen our position in the ADC market. 
Our generic API business which had soft demand in FY'23, is also seeing a pickup over year-
on-year in-demand. We continue to work towards cost optimizations, strategizing procurement 
and implementing operational expense initiative to mitigate inflationary pressures and to 
improve our profitability. 
Complex Hospital Business 
Moving to the complex hospital business. Our inhaled anesthesia portfolio continue delivering 
a health performance, mainly led by strong demand for sevoflurane. Our capacity expansion for 
inhalation anesthesia is on track. 
Our intrathecal portfolio in the U.S. continues to command a leading market share. Our brand 
Gablofen continues to be the #1 ranking: Baclofen prefilled syringe and vial brand in the U.S. 
with a market share of 77%. 
Also, in the injectable pain segment our brands Fentanyl is a #1 ranking brand in its 
representative markets of Japan, South Africa and Indonesia. 
While we focus to further strengthen our positioning in our existing portfolio, we are also 
building a pipeline of over 27 injectable products in different stages of development. We 
launched one new product during the quarter. 
We strengthened our CHG management team by appointing Jeffrey Hampton as President and 
Chief Operating Officer for the CHG business. Jeff has previously worked with Accord 
Healthcare Inc. and Apotex Inc. 
Indian Consumer Healthcare Business: 
Moving to our Indian Consumer Healthcare business. Our business delivered a YoY growth of 
13% in Quarter 1 aided by growth in power brands and new product launches. Our power brands 
grew 15% during the quarter and contributed 43% to total healthcare sales. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
We launched 11 new products and three new SKUs during the quarter. We continue to invest in 
marketing and promotional activities to build strong brands in the market. We have a good reach 
in general trade and are strengthening up our presence in alternate channels of distributions 
including e-commerce, modern trades and having our own D2C platform Wellify.in. 
To summarize I would like to say we had a positive start in the new financial year with healthy 
revenue growth and improvement in our EBITDA margins. Our CDMO business is witnessing 
continued order inflows especially for differentiated offering and innovation related work. Our 
inhalation anesthesia portfolio is also seeing a healthy demand. Further our Indian Consumer 
Healthcare business is delivering good growth driven by the power brands. 
We continued to maintain our best-in-class quality track record and are taking multiple initiatives 
in the area of ESG. We believe in the growth potential of all our businesses and are accordingly 
executing in our strategic priorities. Further we are raising capital through rights issues, for 
which the Letter of Offer has been filed. Our promoters have agreed to subscribe to the extent 
of 100% of the equity shares offered in the issue, reaffirming their confidence in the underlying 
strength of our business. 
With this I would like to hand over the call to Vivek, our CFO, who will respond to the queries 
we have received since last evening. Post that we will open the floor for any additional questions 
that you might have. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Good day everyone and thank you to those who shared questions. We will take those first before 
opening up the floor for the other questions. 
Few questions on the CDMO business, reasons for the growth in the CDMO business. The 
Company witnessed a significant pick up in order bookings in Q4 FY'23 which continued in 
Quarter 1 FY'24 as well. Healthy demand for innovation related work and differentiated 
offerings. And we have been seeing a year-on-year pickup in demand for the generic API 
business and an encouraging response for the expanded capacities that went live last fiscal. 
A related question was, is the order book back to normalcy? We have seen a good pickup in the 
order book in the month of March which has continued in Quarter 1 as well. Our recently opened 
expansions have witnessed good customer demand. 
How is the Phase-3 pipeline looking? We have about 35 plus product in our development 
pipeline which are in Phase-3. The commercialization by our customers would lead to some 
important commercial manufacturing contracts for us in the future. We continue to support our 
customers to advance their development work and are also looking to add more customers. Some 
of our recent commercial manufacturing opportunities for on-patent molecules is already in 
public domain. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Moving on to CHG, there was a question on what are the reasons, primary reasons for growth 
in this business? The growth was primarily driven by healthy demand for our inhalation 
anesthesia portfolio and improvement in supplies from our CMO for our injectable pain 
management products. 
There was a question on the quantum of CAPEX spend in FY'24, Quarter 1? The CAPEX was 
Rs. 147 crore. 
There were questions on why there is a lower other income in Quarter 1 FY24 versus Quarter 1 
of FY'23? The previous year Quarter 1 has higher FX gains consequent to major currency 
movements, when U.S. dollar strengthened and that led to a significant FOREX gain. Compared 
to that in the current quarter we had relatively stable currencies leading to a lower FOREX gain. 
Excluding this, EBITDA on a comparable basis the June quarter has grown by 55%. 
There was a question on reasons for increase in interest cost and what will be the scenario post 
the rights issue? The increase in interest cost versus the June quarter is due to a combination of 
both increase in average borrowings to support planned CAPEX and operations and general 
increase in interest rates, versus the March quarter it is primarily the effect of interest rates. 
We will be using a large part of our proceeds for our Rs. 1,050 crore rights issue to reduce the 
existing levels of debt. This will reduce interest cost going forward. We also expect to complete 
our rights issue this month, which will help lower our interest cost thereafter. 
There was also a question on, please explain the movement in debt levels. So, our net debt has 
actually reduced by about Rs. 100 crore versus the March quarter. And currently our net debt 
stands at about Rs. 4,700 crore. As mentioned earlier, a major portion of the rights issue will be 
utilized for reduction of debt and further we will continue to make judicious choice in our 
CAPEX spends to control debt, also aided by an improved financial performance. 
Rationale for the rights pricing, it has been out endeavour to keep the pricing fair to enable 
participation by all shareholders. The pricing has also been decided keeping in mind, the 
regulatory requirements and the general precedence basis guidance by our lead managers to the 
issue. A detailed FAQ that clarifies several questions on the rights issue proceeds and the 
modalities will be uploaded on our website this weekend, please do refer to the same. 
There was a question, is the Company looking to do any acquisitions after the rights issue? 
Currently our focus would be more to execute planned CAPEX and ongoing capacities and 
capabilities at various sites which are witnessing high demand. Our focus will be to execute and 
commercialize these investments. So, those were some of the questions that we received up front 
and we can now open the floor for any other questions. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Pramod Dangi from Unifi Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Pramod Dangi: 
So, like two questions, one is, while your margins have expanded and especially if I remove the 
other income from last year’s first quarter, the EBITDA margin have expanded very good. But 
the other expenditure also went up by 15%, so any particular reason about the other expenditure? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, Pramod if you look at the total increase in other expenses versus the June quarter, the increase 
is 15% which includes impact of FOREX movement as well that’s about 4%, so excluding that 
the increase is 11% which is commensurate with an 18% increase in the total top-line between 
the two periods. 
Pramod Dangi: 
So, last year we had the FOREX gain, this time we had a FOREX loss?] 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
We don’t have a loss; we just have a small FOREX gain compared to last year. 
Pramod Dangi: 
And if you can here guide on the profitability, as we are highlighting that we are on the path of 
profitability, with a 10% EBITDA margin our depreciation is equivalent to that amount. And 
then we have the finance cost. So, where we are looking to gain that profitability, is it from the 
revenue side or is it some cost control, if you can give some highlight on that? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Pramod if you have historically tracked our financials our H2 tends to be higher than H1. And 
therefore, you will see a significant jump in H2 versus H1 both in terms of revenue and 
profitability. And the primary driver for improvement in margins is the scale at which the 
business operates, thereafter in H2. So, you will see higher revenues and therefore the benefit of 
better fixed cost leverage leading to an improvement in margins. 
Pramod Dangi: 
And what will be our capacity utilization as of today if I look at the CDMO and anesthesia 
business? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Pramod, giving one capacity utilization figure across 17 different sites is complex and probably 
not practical. But what we have done is we have invested in capacities where we have very high 
demand. So, our API facilities overseas whether it’s a high potent API or whether it’s the 
antibody drug conjugates where we are currently investing are the ones where we were short on 
capacity. Formulations in general, we tend to have reasonably good capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Tushar Manudhane: 
within CDMO segment just would like to understand how much is the API sales or API 
contribution? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Typically, in our CDMO business and I am referring to a full year sale, our formulations in API 
is like 55%, 45%; 55% being API and 45% being formulations. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And does that change meaningfully on a quarterly basis? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Quarterly it would vary depending upon the lumpiness in SKUs but not vary materially. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And on the CAPEX side largely more or less capacity expansion is done, and we need like as 
you highlighted in the opening remarks that the commercial benefit is to accrue so the overall 
CAPEX, how much it would be for FY'24? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, are you referring to an annual CAPEX, see currently we can’t make a forward-looking 
statement on the total CAPEX, Tushar, please bear with us because we are in the deal window 
period. But as we have said that we are making a judicious CAPEX spent investing on those 
which we have kind of planned in those areas where demand is high. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
But generally speaking, depreciation, at least maintenance CAPEX, which is equivalent to 
depreciation, can that be taken as a broad indication? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
No maintenance CAPEX is normally lower than depreciation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Two, three things, we have been saying that first half is normally lower so that I wanted to 
understand the cycle, why first half is normally lower than the second half especially in CDMO? 
And secondly, not forward-looking but earlier announced CAPEX of that $157 million, so that 
the CAPEX has already been spent or part of it remains? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, firstly if you look at, and your question is on why the skew is more towards H2, there are 
actually a variety of factors for that which includes the overall cycle time from the receipt of the 
order till the time it is delivered. It also depends upon the customer’s own preference of starting 
the year and for them the year typically starts in January where they have more orders placed 
out in January on new budget versus reducing the inventories that they carry when they are in 
the December quarter. 
So, this is a mix of various things, but typically what happens it’s the longer cycle time that kind 
of, by the time you get orders and by the time you execute and by the time you invoice, it gets 
pushed over towards the second quarter, the second half of the year. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Second question was on the 157 million of CAPEX that we announced. So, while a part of that 
has already been done and some of them have gone live, some part of that is still under execution 
right now. 
Ranvir Singh: 
That part would be spent in '24 or that will stretched further? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Independent. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, can you give me any number there? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, in FY'23 we had a CAPEX of about 118 million versus the total 157. 
Ranvir Singh: 
That Hemmo Pharmaceuticals which we acquired last year, so whether that our revenue is 
currently that portion of revenue coming from Hemmo Pharmaceuticals? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, Hemmo Pharmaceuticals is a smaller part of the total business. And the integration has been 
done and yes, the current revenues do include a part of Hemmo Pharmaceutical, but remember 
it was also there part of the previous year as well, so the numbers are comparable to the extent 
of this acquisition, and it is contributing. In fact, you may have also heard in the prior call that 
we did complete a major expansion, to expand the capacities by about 40% to 50% and that has 
also gone live currently. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, currently at what capacity utilization it would be, just I wanted to understand that what max 
potential we can expect from this entity? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
As we said we had just expanded the capacity by about 40% to 50% so that’s the capacity 
available currently. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And in CDMO, the order book last quarter itself you said that we see uptick in order book. But 
can you give some indication of what size of order book, what kind of order book we have in 
hand to be executable this year or next year? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Ranvir, currently we are in the deal window period, and we can’t make specific disclosures on 
numbers which are not part of the Letter of Offer so please bear with us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinod Jain from WF Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Vinod Jain: 
My question relates to interest cost. While there is sales growth and even some margin 
expansions this has been almost entirely negated by an increase in interest cost. There is no slide 
to explain this phenomena, but apparently this must be resultant of high inventory and debtors -
-. Please convey what is being done to erase this phenomena and reverse it? 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
First Vinod, I think your question was on the increase in interest cost, am I correct? 
Vinod Jain: 
Right. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, as we explained earlier the primary reason for increase in interest cost was an increase in our 
average borrowings and if you are comparing versus the June quarter, the average borrowings 
did increase, and this was primarily to fund some of our CAPEX requirements and some of the 
working capital requirements during the last fiscal year. 
There was also an increase in the average rate of interest as you have been seeing the Fed, the 
RBI did increase rates over a period of time and the effect of that also came into the P&L leading 
to an overall increase in interest cost. Having said that, as you aware the primary purpose of our 
rights issue is to pare down that debt and once the rights issue process is completed at the end of 
this month these proceeds will be utilized towards reducing the debt. So, that will be one of the 
factors which will help reduce the overall interest cost. And we also clarified that our overall 
investments in CAPEX and OPEX is being aligned with the overall fiscal performance thereby 
helping to maintain a certain level of debt which will help reduce the overall cost of interest. 
Vinod Jain: 
The only thing is the interest costs have almost doubled, I mean the explanation given would it 
justify the increase by almost double digit or is there also an element of increase in debtors and 
inventory? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, while there is some increase in working capital and that is primarily because of an increased 
inventory which we are carrying for strategic reasons. The explanation given with respect to the 
overall movement in debt and interest rates does explain it. And post rights issue you will start 
seeing from Quarter 3 onwards reduction, a meaningful reduction in the overall interest cost. 
And overall debtors have not increased, they are actually reduced or in terms of days are in line 
with what it has historically been. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham Shukla from Voyager Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubham Shukla: 
I had two questions, one around the inventory provision we had created in Quarter 3, so any 
update on those $4 million inventory from the Biotech Company which we had created? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, Shubham the provision was not with respect to inventory, but it was with respect to a 
receivable from a Biotech Company and the process is ongoing to try and recover the money as 
of date. 
Shubham Shukla: 
And do we still hold those inventories with us? 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Yes. 
Shubham Shukla: 
And second question, mostly on the debt side which is currently Rs. 4,700 like you said. And I 
can recall from our previous con-calls we wanted to bring it down to the level of 2x to our debt 
to EBITDA and I understand as we are under the process of Rs. 1,050 crore rights issue. So, any 
guidance or anything around this when can we expect this 2x debt to EBITDA level? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Shubham, I don’t recall us making a specific guidance of our debt levels being at two times the 
EBITDA, but having said that once the rights issue proceeds is done you will see that the overall 
debt to EBITDA ratio will meaningfully improve. And as our overall fiscal performance 
improves, over a period of the next couple of quarters and thereafter this ratio will also start 
showing an improvement. But I can’t make a specific guidance, please bear with us as I said we 
are in a deal window period right now. 
Shubham Shukla: 
Just on the percentage increase in additional average borrowing this quarter you have done, 
compared to previous quarter and year-on-year? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
No so our gross debt has actually reduced, it has actually reduced by about Rs. 195 crore during 
the quarter. 
Shubham Shukla: 
No like you said the interest cost has gone up year-on-year basis like its doubled and the reason 
is, additional borrowings on your average reborrowing needed for like working capital and other 
stuffs? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, Shubham are you comparing versus the June quarter. 
Shubham Shukla: 
Yes, on quarter-on-quarter and like year-on-year basically. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, it’s gone up about 200 basis points versus the June quarter and about 90 basis points versus 
the March quarter. This is at the time when the interest rates had started picking but as you are 
aware in many of the geographies there has been some stability, but of course you will have to 
wait and see how this pans out. 
Shubham Shukla: 
No, my question is what’s the average, like you said that we have taken newly average borrowing 
like this quarter, the reason for interest cost up is you have taken more additional average 
borrowings and there is an increase in interest cost, right interest rate. So, like I am trying to 
understand the percentage increase in the average borrowing this quarter? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, the average increase in our borrowings versus the June quarter is about Rs. 1,300 crore higher 
versus March quarter there is no increase in borrowing. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Khundania from DSP Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
Just one clarification on the interest cost, is there a component of foreign currency debt which 
is, where the rates have gone up even more steep that is hurting you? And if you could give us 
a breakup of foreign currency versus the INR debts that will be useful? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
About 60% of our debt actually resides outside of India and that’s foreign currency, but managed 
locally, paid locally. And yes, we have seen an increase, so the increase that I referred to also 
pertains to increase in the overall rates in the foreign currency debt as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsha from Dimensional Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsha: 
My question pertains to our gross block, in FY'23 we have gross block of nearly Rs. 9,500 crore 
against which we did revenue of around Rs. 7,000 crore odd. So, just want to understand 
excluding the additional capacity the expansion in which we are taking, which we are going to 
do going forward excluding that what is the revenue, what is potential from the existing gross 
block, because at 0.8, I believe our asset turnover are extremely low, so just wanted to understand 
from existing capacity what is the kind of revenue which we can do. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, just to clarify firstly Shubham I think the overall gross block as you are aware comprises of 
both the tangible assets as well as intangible assets. The intangible assets include two 
components, one is the component of the total brands that we acquired and of course these gets 
on amortized over a predefined life and it also includes the component of goodwill. If you had 
to break up our total gross block, half of it comes from tangible and half of it comes from 
intangible assets. So, that’s the total breakup so you need to kind of look at this total fixed assets 
when you actually look at the intangible assets primarily are brands pertaining to the complex 
hospital generic and the consumer products business. 
Overall, in terms of what the future revenue from these assets will be again would become a 
forward-looking statement so I would avoid going in that direction. But I think this should help, 
probably respond to your question. 
Harsha: 
What is the policy regarding amortization of the intangible assets currently? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, it depends on the brand, each of the brands is assessed for its useful life and it could vary 
from maybe 10 years, 20 years, 5 years depending upon what’s the total estimated useful life of 
that particular brand. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Harsha: 
And one thing I am worried about is, as you mentioned that half of the assets in our book are 
intangible assets, but at the end of the day it is the money which we have paid out of our bank, 
whether we have acquired a business or a brand. So, with all these assets sitting in our balance 
sheet and given that we are operating at 0.7 or 0.8 turnover, what will be the journey towards 
higher ROE because these numbers at the end of the day will continue to pull your ROE 
downwards. So, just wanted to get an idea on that. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, let me just first explain this principally to you and then thereafter of course clarify the 
question. So, essentially if you look at it and look at what we have done in the last couple of 
years, 1) We acquired a lot of brands and 2) We did a lot of CAPEX. Brands primarily in the 
products business and CAPEX in the CDMO space; post which there was this impact of COVID 
because of which our overall business did take an impact and we were not able to realize 
revenues to the full potential. 
As we move ahead, we will be sweating these assets and brands more, which will help improve 
the overall ratios. So, the denominator as it stands today is on a higher side which is not 
necessarily seen in the full potential of revenues that comes from these assets which is why you 
will have to kind of look at this over a period of time to see the overall improvements in the asset 
turnover ratio. 
Harsha: 
Alright so without delving into numbers I would believe that on the existing basis of revenue we 
can still do higher revenues compared to what we have done --? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Grover, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Grover: 
My question is regarding the CHG business. In from the sevoflurane last year, we did around 
Rs. 1,000 crore that means basically we are doing 50% of CHG business from this one particular 
product. So, I want to understand what is the market price here and can we grow rapidly here? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Sevoflurane so if you look at the overall market size of inhalation anesthesia as per IQVIA data, 
the global size is about $1 billion of which sevoflurane is about 80% so if we you ask us, $800 
million is a global market size for sevoflurane. And in terms of trend, sevoflurane is growing 
faster than the other inhalation anesthesia product, so this is all what we can say on the market 
size of sevoflurane. Currently in terms of demand which you are seeing for sevoflurane, I can 
say at least we are seeing demand much higher than what we can supply. So, as we said in our 
call and our presentation as well our focus is to expand our capacity so that we can meet the 
growing demand. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Aditya Grover: 
And coming to our CDMO innovative business, when we say we have the order book of $62 
million so that is executable for one year or for two years how is this order book structured? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, order book typically can be some of it is executable within the year, some of them could also 
spill over to the years ahead Aditya. 
Nandini Piramal: 
But the $62 million is our integrated order so these are orders that will cover more than one site. 
Our total order book is much larger but given we are in the deal window; we can’t actually 
disclose the size. 
Aditya Grover: 
And our CHG consumer products business is EBITDA positive or still we are running net-to-
net there? 
Nandini Piramal: 
No, it’s EBITDA positive. 
Aditya Grover: 
And the last question on the scientist part I have, when we are running a discovery or 
development business what is the number of scientists we have there? 
Nandini Piramal:  
I think we have about 650 scientists across. 
Aditya Grover: 
So, my question is, if we want to scale this business, so if we see the large players right in the 
CRO or discovery business, they have large like 1000s or 3000 plus scientists, so when we want 
to scale this business employees is a strength here. So, how are we planning to build here? 
Because if we want to enter the value chain like go more share of innovative business then how 
are we looking this, because with 600 scientist I think it is a quite less number when you compare 
with bigger peers here. 
Peter DeYoung: 
So, I would answer this question and the largest part of our growth in the innovator business 
would be in the clinical development and on patent commercial segment which will be slightly 
later than you would say in the CRO FTE model which is in the discovery segment. And in that 
model, it’s much more about being able to help our clients with the tech transfer, scale up and 
eventual registration validation and commercial registration of their molecules. So, on that 
business it’s a little bit of a different business model than the CRO business model that you 
described which we also participate in, but from a materiality standpoint most of our revenue 
profitability in growth is coming from the on-patent development and commercial support and 
less from the CRO discovery which is FTE based as you described. We see more barriers to 
entry and more dependable elements in this business because switching cost we think are higher. 
Aditya Grover: 
And coming to the generic pharma we do a CDMO generic pharma what are things, because 
generally there is always a pricing pressure here, right and you said in the commentary that you 
are seeing good traction and good pickup in the CDMO space, and you have larger chunk in the 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
generic side. So, can you give some light what is happening here like in the demand side, how 
it is picking up? And how do you see that this year gone by? 
Peter DeYoung: 
So, first as an overall trend I think we have shared in our Investor materials that we have been 
doing a long-term pivot and increased mixed innovator business which I just described in the 
answer to your earlier question. So, we do see and that’s becoming a increasing share of our 
business going forward. That being said we do still see meaningful potential out of our API 
generic business. And over the last year, we did a lot of work to build additional customers into 
our portfolio and knowing how that works if you want to hunt for a new customer with an 
existing API, they you have to take validation batches, they have to update their filing. And so, 
the uptick we are seeing this year is largely due to the work done in the prior year in terms of 
onboarding new customers its now materializing into some amount of incremental volumes. And 
we think that is the primary driver behind the increases the efforts of done new customized 
position from the existing portfolio in the past let’s say 12 to 18 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
My one question is that in terms of CDMO business, can you please throw some light on the late 
phase molecules in the clinic and the potential timeline on commercialization. If I can recall you 
had 34 molecules in Phase-III earlier, so can you give some update on that? 
Nandini Piramal: 
I think we have 35 plus molecules now in Phase-III, I think those will commercialize over the 
next two to three years. 
Nirali Shah: 
So, is there any commercialization that we see this year? 
Peter DeYoung: 
It’s hard to make forward-looking comments. I think to whatever extent our clients has put 
information into the public domain you can locate that to what they have communicated, it’s 
difficult in the deal period and also with our confidentiality agreements to disclose it ourselves. 
So, you can find a couple in the net, but we are not really in the position to share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Gupta: 
I have just one question with respect to the CDMO business. So, in the last previous calls we 
have seen that there has been some sort of a delay with respect to the funding which was there 
from the institutions out there. So, has there been any structural change because frankly speaking 
the interest rates are on higher side and there are liquidity issues out there. Despite it we are 
seeing a good amount of order inflows which are coming in place. So, has there been any kind 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
of a turnaround which we have observed out there in the developed markets which are leading 
out to good amount of order inflows. 
Peter DeYoung: 
I would say that the order inflow increase that we saw from our clients in the fourth quarter that 
ended last year and the first quarter that just ended now a large amount of that has been with 
customers that had already committed to work with us at our sites. And while they had delayed 
certain instances of ordering due to financial limitations ultimately their products were in 
proceeding, and they did have the money and they did then place the orders. And so that lag 
affect affected us unfortunately through much of last year, but at some point, when these 
products are succeeding in the clinic and in the marketplace, they do have to make the reorders 
and they reached those points, and a lot of that growth was in that area. 
I would say that the second point is we are seeing a continuation of new customer additions but 
at a modest pace, not at a dramatic pace. And that is continuing to happen, and we are seeing 
that, but I think all customers are being careful on prioritization of what they spend and where. 
And so, I think we are seeing the benefits of a lot of our work to stay close to our key customers 
and make sure we are focusing on key customers that have good data and good financing and 
that started to play out in Q4 and Q1. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Just a question further on the Indian Consumer Business, so previously we have been able to 
maintain like advertisement and promotion spending and ratio of near about 18% to 20% of 
sales. So, are we keeping on track like we are maintaining it, or we are focusing more on the 
profitability side? 
Nandini Piramal: 
I think we are doing both, we are trying to and as the scale grows the percentage of advertising 
in a way almost follows right. And that kind of goes into EBITDA, that’s how we are managing 
to do, to have EBITDA positive and I think that’s what we want to continue doing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhara Patwa from SMIFS Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhara Patwa: 
I just had one question, Pfizer’s plant in U.S. is hit by tornado and there was lot of restocking 
for the hospitals injectables. So, are we gaining anything on that front since we also have a lot 
of hospital injectable basket in our portfolio? 
Peter DeYoung: 
So, we have been obviously, its tragedy that affected that plant in that location and we are very 
heartened to hear that no one was hurt. And we have actually been in touch with the different 
market participants, and this is our understanding that while the warehouse was hit, there is not 
viewed to be a major shortage in the market in general. And the number of products that would 
be solely sourced there was considered a few. We have a limited portfolio that would overlap 
with that and to the extent that were to materialize we are poised to take advantage, but based 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
on whatever we can tell from the FDA shortage interactions for the marketplace we are not 
seeing for the products that we can provide a dramatic change there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Bhatia from Bandhan Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Just two or three quick clarifications in terms of the foreign debt aspect, you are saying 60% to 
70% of that is outside of India, but gets serviced within India that’s what I got in the earlier 
comments. Is that the case that you are servicing the debt in INR so basically the INR 
depreciation -- rates hike is sort of a double-edged sword for the Company as a whole. I am just 
trying to have clear thoughts over here. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, Harsh, the debt is based outside India, and it’s serviced from outside India it is not serviced 
from India it is serviced locally from the geographies where the debt was taken. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
As a broader thought process if we were to think about the antibody drug conjugate market as a 
whole. So, whatever our internal thinking is thought process is, and whatever we are getting a 
feedback is that the number of players or the supply capacities are very limited in the western 
markets as of now, I think so Piramal, Wuxi, Lonza these are the very handful of players in the 
ADC market as of today. But the demand sort of continues to outgrow the supply. So, what is 
the thought process in that market, how are we seeing the overall environment for the ADC 
market? 
Nandini Piramal: 
I think our understanding also reflects this as you said that’s why we are actually putting in the 
big expansion into our Grangemouth facility which will open in the second half. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
And can you throw some light on this new CHG product that we have launched during the 
quarter, I mean I am not asking on the pipeline per say but the new product we had just launched 
in the first quarter, in the CHG business? 
Peter DeYoung: 
It’s modest contribution to revenue, we mentioned it because we want to indicate when our 
pipelines moves and it is the modest contributor to revenue in the region and it’s progressing, 
but I would say the majority of the revenue growth is coming from the innovation in the period 
that we just reported. We continue to have other elements in our pipeline which we are 
progressing, and we are expecting to contribute in future quarters. We can’t give forward-
looking comments for all of the reasons we mentioned earlier, but it’s on the period that just 
ended while the launch was nice, it was near the end of the quarter, and it was market size is 
smaller compared to inhalation. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
But it tends to be under the inhalation portfolio as a whole? 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Nandini Piramal: 
This was the injectable. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Injectable pharmaceutical, so in the U.S. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gupta, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gupta: 
There are a couple of questions from my side. So, I have seen that management is bit aggressive 
to grow the top-line. But there is no focus on growing the bottom-line. That is the first question. 
And I also see that management is saying that will pay the debt post this rights issue subscribed, 
but this is just mere 25%, less than 25% of the outstanding debt. So, what are the plans to be 
debt free and what are the plans to pay down debt for the remaining amount? Just seeing the 
bottom-line I think being an investor I am not at all happy with the kind of performance the 
Company has been posting. So, that is another question I want an answer to. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, Vivek, firstly your points with respect to focus on top-line versus bottom-line, I think our 
intent is very clear that we want to grow top-line as well as grow bottom-line as we have always 
maintained. If you look at the performance of this quarter and if you look at the real intrinsic 
performance on a comparable basis our bottom-line has improved and our operating margins 
have also improved. 
The overall debt position as we have stated will reduce in the first instance by rights issued, but 
thereafter our focus will be to kind of reduce the debt as we keep improving our overall financial 
performance. It’s also important to acknowledge that the overall debt did go up during the period 
when we were doing certain investments for meeting our objectives of expanding capacities and 
capabilities in those areas where there was demand. Unfortunately, at that point in time the 
business did also see an operating performance impact due to the pandemic and the overall 
geopolitical conflict that arouse thereafter. But having said that we continued our investments, 
because we believed that there was an opportunity, and we did not want to miss the bus when 
the opportunity came in. And that’s the reason the overall debt was at a higher level. Now we 
are paring down the debt in the first instance and as performance improves, you will see that our 
overall debt to EBITDA ratio will be within permissible or acceptable limits. 
Vivek Gupta: 
So, what is the target management has set for themselves to be debt free, there should be some 
target, right? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
As we said please bear with us, currently we can’t make that disclosure which is forward-looking 
and not part of the Letter of Offer. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Vivek Gupta: 
The next question is, I see that it’s just less than one year with the demerger from Piramal 
Enterprises, I see management has come up with the rights issue in the first year of the listing 
itself. So, why didn’t the management opt the route of preferential issue and we just keep on 
bloating the equity? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, the overall decision with respect to the entire method or the tool to be adopted for raising 
was discussed and deliberated at the board. And we felt that the most judicious way to do this 
considering the overall time the turnaround and the fact that we could a allow a fair participation 
to all shareholders, we thought rights issue was the best way to go forward. 
Vivek Gupta: 
So, why not the preferential routes, sorry I didn’t get that part? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, from an overall timeline standpoint it wouldn’t have matched with what our overall 
requirements were. So, this was the best suited in terms of timelines. 
Vivek Gupta: 
The next question is, I see that there are lot of other expenses which have been rising on quarter-
to-quarter basis. So, I see there are marketing costs which have been mentioned and there is a 
big umbrella which you have quoted down in the balance sheet and the results stating that these 
are other expenses. So, why can’t and being investor when I read the results, why can’t I get a 
segregation of the extra expenses which you are saying. And why we have been so frugal in the 
marketing as we are not growing the bottom-line at all. Why can’t we reduce our expenses there? 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
So, if you are referring to the overall promotion and marketing expenses then as we have stated 
that we have been doing a significant spent in the media for our consumer product business. We 
have in fact been doing aggressive spend there so that we could boost top line, the results of 
which has been seen over the last couple of years. With respect to your request for breakup of 
information, if you are referring to the March '23 Annual Report then all the details with respect 
to other expenses and breakup is available in the schedules there. But if you have any specific 
question, please feel free to reach out to Gagan and we will be happy to respond to that. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Actually, I have tried reaching out to Piramal a lot of times, but eventually there is no 
communication which has been done, so let me try it again. But being an investor, I think there 
is nothing which the management is doing as of now for the investors. The rights issue ratio as 
well as the pricing is something which is not in favor. 
And I would request management to seriously think about growing the bottom-line instead of 
top line. And this is such a pain rather than -- planning to be debt free, because I think for quarter-
to-quarter basis we will be getting on to con-calls and we will be stating that H1 is bad and H2 
is good, but eventually the same story will unfold for coming quarters as well. So, that’s it from 
my side. 

 
Piramal Pharma Limited 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to the management for their closing comments. 
Vivek Valsaraj: 
Thank you everyone. We hope that we were able to answer most of your questions. In case if 
you have any follow-up questions or any clarifications that you would need, please feel free to 
reach out to me and I would be happy to respond. Thank you once again and have a good day 
and the weekend ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Piramal Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining, you may now disconnect your lines. 
