 
 
 
 
Eicher Motors L
Corporate Office
#96, Sector – 32
Gurugram – 122
Haryana, India 
Tel +91 124 4415
 
The Secre
BSE Limit
Phiroze J
Dalal Stre
Mumbai-
Security C
 
 
Subject:
 
Dear Sir
 
Further 
Thursda
inter al
Regulat
the Com
 
The con
 
You are
 
Thankin
For Eich
 
 
 
 
Atul Sha
Compan
 
Encl.: As
 
Limited 
e: 
2  
2001 
5600 
etary 
ted 
eejeebhoy T
eet 
-400 001 
Code: 50520
:  Regulation
r/Madam, 
to our lette
ay, August 0
ia to discus
ion 30 of th
mpany www
nference call
 requested t
ng you, 
her Motors L
arma  
ny Secretary
s above 
 
Registered Off
CIN: L34102DL
3rd Floor – Se
A – 3, District 
New Delhi – 11
Tel +91-11-410
Towers 
00 
n 30 of the SE
er dated July
03, 2023, ple
ss financial 
e SEBI (LOD
w.eichermoto
l started afte
to take the s
Limited 
y  
fice 
L1982PLC129877 
elect Citywalk 
Centre, Saket 
10 017, India 
095173, Email: info@
Online in
EBI (LODR) R
y 27, 2023 i
ease find att
results for 
DR) Regulatio
ors.com.  
er the concl
same on you
@eichermotors.com
ntimation/su
The S
Natio
Excha
G Blo
Mum
Symb
Regulations, 
ntimating th
tached trans
the first q
ons, 2015. T
usion of the
ur records 
m  
ubmission
Secretary
onal Stock Ex
ange Plaza, 5
ck, Bandra K
bai-400 051
ol: EICHERM
2015 – Tran
he schedule
script of the
uarter ende
The same is a
e Board mee
xchange of 
5th Floor, Plo
Kurla Compl
1 
MOT 
nscript of con
e of the conf
e aforesaid c
ed June 30,
also availab
eting of the 
August 
India Ltd 
ot No.C/1,  
ex, Bandra (
nference cal
ference call
conference c
 2023, purs
le on the we
Company.  
09, 2023 
 
(E) 
l 
 held on 
call, held 
suant to 
ebsite of 
ATUL 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by ATUL SHARMA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=110085, st=DELHI, 
street=H. NO. 183, G.F ,POCKET - 2 ,NORTH WEST 
DELHI,SECTOR - 24, ROHINI ,110085, l=NORTH 
WEST DELHI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=b00e7eae3b02e722e86e89c34945
e1e7787137a3a7f91d4757f014ff8e97b0a4, 
pseudonym=3df5d4776abb401baeaa18180ad4c4
20, 
2.5.4.20=6e9e93a7616b7e8a55e82fd19b9c63d7a
0deac80dcd5347980f59c0d067cf795, 
email=ATULSHARMA@ROYALENFIELD.COM, 
cn=ATUL SHARMA 
Date: 2023.08.09 23:04:47 +05'30'

~ ~ 
EICHER 
"Eicher Motors Limited 
Q 1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call" 
~ ~ 
EICHER 
Aug 3, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SmDHARTHA LAL -
MANAGING DIREcToR & 
CHIEF 
EXEcUTIVE OFFicER- EICHER MoToRS LIMITED 
MR. VINOD AGGARWAL -
MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER-VE COMMERCIAL VEHICLES LIMITED 
MR. B GoVINDARAJAN -
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER RoYAL 
ENFIELD LIMITED 
Ms. VIDHYA SRINIVASAN -
GRoUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -
EICHER MoToRS LIMITED 
Page 1 of 13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
Good evening, good afternoon, good morning to all the participants. Welcome all to the Q 1 FY '24 
Post Results Conference Call of Eicher Motors Limited. We are thankful to the management for 
giving us the opportunity to host the call The top management is represented by Mr. Siddhartha 
Lal, MD and CEO of Eicher Motors; Mr. Vmod Aggarwal, MD and CEO of VECV, Mr. B. 
Govindarajan, CEO of Royal Enfield and Ms. Vidhya Srinivasan, Group CFO of Eicher Motors. 
Without wasting any time, over to the top management. Thanks. 
A very good evening to all of you and thank you for joining us this evening for Ql FY 23-24 
earnings call for Eicher Motors Limited. I hope you all are well. And yeah, thanks again for 
joining us. As you've seen the numbers, we've had an absolutely stellar start to this new financial 
year. We've had a great Q1 and have registered our best ever performance for the fourth 
consecutive quarter now. We recorded our highest ever quarterly revenue, highest ever quarterly 
EBITDA, our highest ever quarterly profit after tax, and we had significant milestones as well in 
both Eicher Motors and in VE Commercial Vehicles last quarter. 
At Royal Enfield, we had an absolutely fantastic sales performance in Q 1 with more than 2.25 
lakh motorcycles sold. So that's over 225,000 motorcycles sold, which is a growth of 21% over 
the same quarter last year. We continue to define the middleweight segment and grow the share of 
the middleweight segment in the overall motorcycling space. 
In international markets, despite a tough macro backdrop, where the overall market has also been 
down for motorcycles, we continue to hold and even gain market share across most regions in Ql. 
The Hunter 350 that we launched around a year ago has really matured and hit all the right cords 
with consumers in India and around the world now. 
As of July, we have a 2 lakh or 200,000+ strong community for the Hunter across the world. And 
it's been just 11 months. We're really confident that the Hunter brand will keep growing. New 
customers will keep discovering this amazing motorcycle. It's also a testament to our capability at 
Royal Enfield of identifying sharply a new segment within our overall framework and chosen 
segment and going after it with very sharp, very solid, very thoughtful new products. So, it's 
become one of our higher selling models in just 11 months, which is tremendous. 
We've also launched the Super Meteor 650 across most markets in the world and to tremendous 
response. We've had really, really good responses around the world again as the most refined 
premium middleweight cruiser. And it's really doing that job well in markets around the world. It's 
very exciting to see our ideas that we've had over the years come into reality, come into the 
market, hit the road and be successful. It takes a lot, but we're there, once again, with the Super 
Meteor650. 
On the EV front, we've made tremendous progress on all of our electric mobility plans. We've 
grown the engineering team over the last few years and have a very strong capable engineering 
team. We've now actually also been growing the commercial side of the EV team because it's not 
just a good product, we need to have a solid business, brand, distribution and every other aspect 
in EV for Royal Enfield. So, there's a lot of work going on, on all fronts on the EV business as it 
were. 
Coming to VB Commercial Vehicles Limited, our joint venture with Volvo Group. Q1 marks our 
highest ever first quarter sales for VECV and we're very proud of that. And this is across all 
business segments. So light, medium-duty trucks, heavy-duty trucks, buses, and components. 
We've had our highest ever sales in all of the segments there. It's really quite exciting times. 
During the quarter, VECV also commenced delivery of the next order of 9-meter electric buses, 
which is the Eicher Skyline E, we call it, to the K.erala State Road Transportation. We are now 
really in the thick of electric buses on the road for VECV, an Eicher brand, which is, again, a new 
journey together and doing well. 
VECV is continuing to enhance its service and network through modernization. And in particular, 
our entire enormous focus on uptime as we've been calling it and as we've been doing it for the 
Page 2 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
B. Govindarajan: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
last couple of years has really paid dividends of being able to give that satisfaction of that modem 
uptime treatment to customers where they're not used to that level of service, that level of support 
where their vehicles are just running 99%+ of the time. And that's the promise we give our 
customers, along with amazing trucks. And that's the reason we're seeing good growth, good 
market share growth, good gains across the board. Yeah, so that's on VECV. 
Coming to consolidated financials for the Ql FY 23-24. EML clocked its highest ever quarterly 
revenue actually at ~3,986 crores with a growth of 17% over the same quarter last year. Our 
EBITDA crossed ~1,000 crores, so that ~1,021 crores, up 23% and our EBITDA margin crossed 
the 25% threshold. So, it's at 25.6% against 24.5% last year. All of this resulted in a Profit After 
Tax oH918 crores, which is the highest ever and 50% up from last year. 
So again, solid growth, solid gains, solid profitability in Eicher Motors. And last week, we also 
released our Annual Integrated Report for FY 22-23 that captures our performance through the 
last financial year and our initiatives undertaken by EML towards a commitment for our next 
stage of growth. And for a stronger ESG vision. I hope all of you had a chance to go through it. 
Now I'll hand over to Govindarajan first to take us through the business highlights for Royal 
Enfield followed by Vinod Aggarwal for VE Commercial Vehicles Limited. Thank you very 
much, and over to you, Govind. 
Thank you, Siddhartha. Good evening, everyone. Hope you guys are doing well. At Royal 
Enfield, after registering a stellar performance in FY23. We had a very, very positive start for FY 
23-24. We have continued our growth momentum, and it's there in all the products which are 
growing with it. 
To begin with, let me just share with you the numbers in this first quarter. We sold almost 2.25 
lakh motorcycles. That's about 225,000 motorcycles in this quarter, which is 21% higher than the 
last year's Q 1. In India, we sold almost about 207,000, it's about 2.07 lakhs, which is about 31% 
higher than the previous year. As far as the network is concerned, we mentioned that we are not 
going into the expansion just like that. So, this is the optimization phase, we added during this 
quarter about 1 0 new dealerships in India and about 22 new stores in the international markets, 
taking the total overall network to almost about 2,034 in India and almost about 1,090 outside 
India. 
During this quarter, we also inaugurated our new CKD facility outside India at Birgunj, Nepal to 
address the growing demand in Nepal and in the SAARC region. This is our fifth CKD plant 
along with the CKD plants which are already there in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina, and Thailand. 
The new CKD facility at Nepal will actually locally assemble our entire range of motorcycles for 
that particular market. We have already done almost 1,300 numbers out of that facility in Nepal. 
As Siddharth mentioned, we have made significant progress even in our EV journey. First, the 
focus had been on the technical area to get the right kind of people. We have almost about 1 00+ 
people who are dedicated and who are working on this area. As we mentioned in the last call also, 
we are now into the execution phase. Now we are moving into the commercial side, where we are 
building up our own team. And we are also into the supply chain side, focusing on make versus 
buy. Which are to be made in-house, which are to be bought out and onboarding suppliers for the 
cells, motors, controllers, etc, that's an activity which is happening. So that's in full speed now in 
the EV as an implementation phase. 
You all know Royal Enfield is all about community. We work with the community. So, one such 
thing is our Motoverse. So last year, we had almost 18,400 people who registered for that. This 
year, Motoverse is once again open for registration. Some of you please do join along with us. It's 
a 3-day festival, which you all should be there. It has been heartening to see the response after we 
opened the registration, in thousands, which has already started coming in. 
On the ESG, there's a lot of focused effort, which has been going on in this. We have made 
significant progress in reducing the carbon emissions at our factories. We have almost 39% of our 
Page 3 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Vmod Aggarwal: 
Siddbartba Lal: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
total energy consumption which is now renewable energy, which is almost a 4x increase in the 
renewal energy consumption over the year. All our plants are zero discharge, and we also looked 
at water positivity. So, the water positive index for all of our manufacturing plants is 2.6. It means 
the water which we are consuming, we are actually percolating more into the mother Earth. That's 
how it is. In this year, our key focus is also zero waste to the landfill, which we are taking on in 
every value chain of our entire supply chain. 
In conclusion, at Royal Enfield, it has been a very great beginning in this quarter and working 
towards sustaining and growing this momentum in the time to come in this year. Now I will hand 
over to Mr. Vinod Aggarwal to take you through the VECV performance. Over to you, Vinod. 
Thank you, Govind, and thank you, Siddhartha. Very good evening to all of you. Let me start with 
giving you an update on the CV industry. CV industry has done reasonably well in Ql, with Bus 
segment and Heavy-Duty truck segment in the industry growing, Bus segments have grown, in 
fact, by around 35%. And agri-truck segments have grown by 10%. However, there has been some 
drop in the light and medium-duty trucks. At the same time, going forward, with the economy 
continuing to grow and good monsoons and infrastructure investments continuing, it is likely that 
the CV industry will continue to grow in the balance part of the year also. 
Now coming to our performance highlights in brief. Our heavy-duty trucks, both combined Volvo 
and Eicher trucks, had the highest ever Ql sales of 5,166 units as against 4,006 units last year 
quarter one with a market share of 9 .4%. In light and medium-duty trucks, we had the highest ever 
Ql sales of 8,308 units as against 7,515 units with a market share of36.9%. As you all know, last 
year, our market share was 31.2%. So, the first quarter was 36.9%. In the bus division, we had 
again the highest ever sales of 4,907 units in the first quarter as against 4,219 units, with market 
share of25.1%. 
Export markets have continued to drop, and they are under stress. And our sales have also dropped 
significantly. Our sales in Q 1 was 716 units with a drop of 58.1 %. We had the highest ever 
quarterly parts sales with combined both Eicher and Volvo trucks and buses of ~478 crores, 
registering more than 25% growth in quarter one of the current year. Then we had the highest ever 
quarter one turnover of ~424 crores in our components business, registering more than 18.5% 
growth over last year quarter one. And we had, again, the highest ever Q1 sales of 14,816 VE 
Powertrain engines registering more than 21% growth over previous year Ql. And we have 
seamlessly transitioned the entire range of trucks and buses to the Indian BS-VI OBD2 standards 
that came into effect from April 1, 2023. And we continue to strengthen our position in the truck 
segment with the introduction of new variants, which will cater to the growing e-commerce 
applications. And on the electric vehicles business and as well as the network and our other after 
sales initiative, Siddharth has already briefly mentioned, so I'm not covering that here. 
Now giving the VECV's financial performance. For the first quarter, our total sales for quarter one 
have been 19,571 units with a growth of12% over previous year quarter one ofl7,469. As you all 
know, the industry 3.5 tons and above, the growth was only 0.5%. So, we have outperformed the 
industry, resulting in our all-round market share growth. As far as revenues are concerned, for Ql, 
we had a total Income from Operations of ~4,991 crores. as against ~3,934 crores in Ql of last 
year with 27% growth. Our EBITDA for Ql has been ~387 crores as against n18 crores last year 
with a growth of77% and EBITDA margin this year has been 7.9% in Ql as against 5.7% last 
year. Our Profit After Tax has been n80.5 crores as against f59.4 crores last year Ql. And our 
PAT percentage for the current year quarter one is 3.9% as against 1.5% last year. Now, I hand it 
over back to Siddhartha to take it further. 
Thank you Govind and Vinod, for the updates on Royal Enfield and VECV. And thank you all for 
being on the call with us today. It's been an absolutely tremendous first quarter for us. And it's a 
great start for us to the year. We at EML, we are committed to constantly elevate our product 
offering, our business. And this year, you will see a lot more exciting things from us in terms of 
new products, in terms of business development, and other areas. So, lots of interesting things are 
going on. We are a solid focused team at EML. And on the RE front, a very motorcycling first, 
motorcycling oriented team. We have a robust, long-term thought process, strategic plan that we 
Page 4 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Vidbya Srinivasan: 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
go after and world-class capabilities, infrastructure, and outstanding product lineup. We continue 
to evolve, we continue to expand our network, our capabilities, our stores, our distribution, all of 
that. And we truly believe that this will continue the growth for EML in the coming years both on 
RE Front and on the VECV front. So that's it from my side for now, and over for questions. 
Looking forward to hearing from you guys now. 
Thanks sir. We can start the Q&A session. Requesting all to raise your hands if you have any 
question. And also, kindly restrict your questions to two per participant, so that we can maximize 
the number of people asking questions. We will start the Q&A with Jinesh. Now you can start. 
Yeah, hi. So quickly, starting with Royal Enfield performance, so can you talk about the 
divergence in margin performance versus the mix? So, we had lower share of exports and higher 
share of Hunter, but still margins have improved quite substantially. What has driven this margin 
on a YoY or QoQ basis? 
So basically, margins have gone up about 1.5%, which is the impact of price hikes that we had 
taken on May 1, that is flowing through the margin. Apart from that, about 0.8% is on account of 
the savings in sourcing costs, which we talked about last quarter as well. And of course, the 
international mix is therefore weighing down, so that's essentially making up the overall growth in 
margin. 
Got it. And we have seen a very sharp increase in employee costs, any bunching up in the first 
quarter or this is the normal run rate now? 
Well, actually, it's a combination of multiple things. One is, of course, we had increments as far as 
the first quarter is concerned. Apart from that, a little bit of increase in the number of employees 
because obviously, our production volumes and sales have also ramped up. So, I think that is also 
kind of adding to the employee costs, a little bit of gratuity, but yes. 
Got it. So again, the last question is on the export market. So globally, we have seen some 
calibrations in a number of outlets on multi-brand ownership, they have come down from 950 in 
the fourth quarter to about 820 now. So, what are we doing there? I mean, is it just a network 
optimization, what we're doing? And the second part question is we have also talked about Studio 
stores in international markets. So, can you broadly touch upon your evolving effort strategy for 
the international market? That's my last question. 
Yes, Jinesh. The international market, I think in one of the calls, we also discussed, we are a 
long-term aggressive company. We don't want to do anything in the here now or rush into this. We 
believe that it has to be a pull brand. That's how we are. Go to the market, develop the market, let 
the community enjoy motorcycling. Let them start demanding for Royal Enfield motorcycles. 
That's how it goes. Wherever we have entered in the last three years, we have gained a market 
share of almost about 8% averaging, and in a few markets, we are almost about 9.2% too. What 
are we doing there? As I mentioned, community building is the first activity which we are doing. 
A lot of new products which we are now lining up, which are all export worthy because statutorily 
it should match to all these things. So now Royal Enfield makes only the global product. 
In terms of reach, we have as of now about 1,000 retail outlets. Most of them are multi-brand 
outlets, not a studio store format barring about 14 or so is our own. So, in those areas, what we are 
looking at is slowly increasing the reach through the multi-brand outlets. At a point oftime, Royal 
Enfield multi-brand outlets, we have to go and search for people. Now there are a lot of people 
who are showing interest because the brand is known. The products are very good. Acceptance is 
very well. That's where our focus is. So, it is all about community building, new product launch, 
taking into this market, looking at the relevance for that and reaching out to the consumers, setting 
up of the entire service network, which is required. The entire background activity which is 
required for the growth is what is the focus and that's happening. 
Okay. But are we also looking at the studio store format? That's what the presentation talked 
about. 
Page 5 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
B. Govindarajan: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Cbandramouli Muthiah: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
Yes. Jinesh, there are different formats, right? In India, we have a dealer format. We have a studio 
format, and why we have it is depending upon the size of the market, depending upon the 
ecosystem's dealer profitability, which one is better. So, we have our own exclusive stores in the 
markets and the sizes vary depending upon the market sizes and all. So, the studio format per se of 
just having four motorcycles and all those things may not be there in the international market 
immediately because there multi-brand outlet is a way of life. At the multi-brand outlet, now we 
are getting the prime space wherever we are going. So that's how we reach the consumers in the 
international market. 
Thanks, Jinesh. Next, we have a question from Chandramouli. 
Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my questions. My first question is just on the competitive 
landscape. So, we've been sort of early leaders creating the middleweight market in India. And 
there are some other sort of credible competitors looking to compete in this space. We've always 
been sort of a long-term thinking company. So just wanted to hear your initial thoughts and your 
initial read on sort of the current situation and how you see it progressing overall? 
Siddhartha, maybe. 
Yeah sure. So, I mean this is an inevitable question, but also I mean competition is in itself 
inevitable. Over the course of the last 15 years, we have really grown the segment from sub 
50,000 units, and I'm talking about the mid sized space in India, I'm talking about right now, 
which is 250 to 750 cc. We've grown it from sub 50,000 to nearly 1 million units to 10 lakh units. 
So, it's been a lot of work. And in that time, we've had lots and lots of competition. So, it's not that 
we haven't. This is just a new wave that we are seeing right now. But we've had lots of 
competition from all the Indian manufacturers, from various European, American in different 
forms earlier, now it's different. But also, let's not forget from the biggest Japanese companies in 
the world as well, right? So, we've had competition from every angle coming in, direct, indirect, 
head on, not head-on and we've been able to fend off the best so far, and we plan to do that again. 
I mean but, in our way, in the way we do things, right? So, it's not directly competing. It's not 
fighting directly. It's not worrying about them too much individually, but more about continuing to 
strengthen what we do and what Royal Enfield does really well and continue that journey, right? 
And we've really created a tremendous brand. We've created a really tremendous brand. 
And it's not just the name Royal Enfield, it's the fact that it's on the tip of the tongues of intending 
buyers of motorcycles. So, it's more than just up there in the air. It's literally when you ask young 
people, what is the premium motorcycle in India. It's Royal Enfield, right. That's what they say, 
and that's what they believe. And there are so many things we do to fortify that, right. And that's 
the community that we do. It's the distribution, you go into a Royal Enfield store, it looks nicer. 
The salespeople are trained better. They are able to offer you more stuff. They're able to talk to 
you better. So, it's just a totally different experience from our brand, right? And it's not something 
you can replicate very quickly. So, We continue to build all the strengths that we have, the 
community that we have, which is over 10 million strong, things like resale value of our bikes, 
which is much higher than others. 
So, all of that which fortifies the premiumness of our bikes and having said that, we have over 
90"/o share. So, at some point, it's possible that we could go down a bit because its the only 
direction we can go if you're 90% plus which is fine with us. I mean, not that we will give it on a 
platter. But we believe that the market is there to be grown. So, from I million, we believe that 
over the next couple of years, it could grow to 1.5 million in the next decade to 2 million and 
beyond. So, to be 80%-85% in a market which is double the current size is okay for us. I think 
we're quite happy with that. And so yes, that's our take, I mean I think there's certainly credible 
competition. But there always has been. Let's not forget that. And we've managed to fend them off 
more so far and we certainly have our thoughts and strategies to continue to focus on our growth 
cycle. And I think most importantly, what I want to leave this conversation with is our focus on 
customers. We are not focused on competition because we are focused on customers, right? We 
are seeing what's in their best interest, what gets them motivated, what gets them excited. We're 
Page 6 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Pramod Kumar: 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
Pramod Kumar: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Pramod Kumar: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
not fixated on any one third-party who has nothing to do with us. We are fixated on our customer 
and our brand and our company. That's what we look at. Thank you. 
Got it. Thanks. And that's very helpful. And my second question is just a related question on the 
product side. So about 12 months back, during the analyst meet, we had revealed plans to launch 
between 13-14 new products over the medium term. I think we have delivered now on the Super 
Meteor 650, and we also announced the Bullet J series. So just trying to understand the remaining 
sort of 11-12 products in the product pipeline, what sort oftime frame should we attach to that? Is 
it sort of3/4 years? Just trying to understand the cadence there. 
Chandramouli if we have to tell you 3 years, 4 years, yes. But the only thing is we have a skew of 
new products, which are very differentiated, which will give you a very differentiated experience 
for our consumers. Some of the products are ready, and we also want the product to get matured 
into the market when we launch. So, we also take some time and then launch it. But today, we 
have almost 400 and odd guys who are working in our product development and their component 
development area. So now we have a slew of new products which are ready, which are going to be 
launched in a particular time interval. We will space it. We won't be in a hurry to do anything 
because we are not that sort of a company just to answer something. We will space it; we will 
bring it. But whenever we bring, always, we have been a very disruptive product company, and 
that's what you will see when we are coming out with the new products in time to come. 
Got it. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Pramod Kumar. 
Yeah. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. And congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first 
question is pertaining to the other expenditure line item. Is there anything related, which is 
causing the downward pressure there? It's kind of reasonably lower QoQ? What do you do with 
the launch cycle, given that we did not have any launch, and should we expect that? 
So, I think you've answered the question. So, it's a little bit of a timing issue as well because we 
don't really, I think our marketing campaigns, launch expenses have really not kicked into high in 
this particular quarter. And we've also had a little bit of travel expenses, which are a little bit 
muted right now. 
Fair enough. And the second question is on the spare business or the non-vehicle business. If you 
can just help us understand how has that kind of shaped up during the quarter? And how are we 
doing on the whole non-vehicle ambit, which is basically our accessories or spare parts revenue, 
all of that? 
Non-motorcycle business, which is our apparels, accessories and soft products, spares, Pramod. In 
this quarter, it has almost about 25% growth compared to last year, and it has been growing very 
well. Our accessories, we are adding SKUs more. Our accessories actually for the existing 
motorcycles, anyway it is during the consumer journey, it goes through the MiY page. And then 
he can configure that against styling, safety, comfort, that's what the vertical which we give it in 
the motorcycle accessories. But also for the motorcycles which were sold about three years back, 
all the old motorcycles for that also we brought in a configurator where the consumer can actually 
build the motorcycle accessories even in his motorcycle. And to order that that is also enabled and 
that is also working. At our service area also, we are opening. Spare parts, we are looking at more 
than in a revenue stream, which is very good incidentally, we look at it from a consumer 
satisfaction angle, Pramod, because we always look at even the last washer, it should be available 
at any point of time at any place when it is required. There should be no consumer who says that 
the part is not available. As a result, I'm not enjoying the Royal Enfield motorcycle. That's where 
we wanted to drive the business, and it is doing very well. So, to give you about 25% growth 
overall and its continuing to grow. 
And last one for Siddharth. Siddharth, your thoughts on the Classic and above category, because 
we've seen the category expand back 250cc and above. But the fact remains Hunter has single 
Page 7 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Pramod Kumar: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Kapil Singh: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Kapil Singh: 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
Kapil Singh: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
handedly pulled this category back from the slump right over the last few years. So, what are your 
thoughts on, by when do you expect the Classic and above category, the ~2 lakh above price point 
kind of a segment to kind of come back? Because that is something which is still not anywhere 
close to the previous peak, right? And it's been like almost five years plus now. So, your thoughts 
on what do you think is that play here? Is it just pure affordability or is there anything else? If you 
can just share your thoughts here, Siddharth. That would be my last question. Thank you. 
Pramod, thank you. The way we look at it is multifold. One is at one level, when you look at it at 
one, if you remember many years ago, we used to say, look there's overdependence on Classic. So, 
we had two-thirds of our sales on Classic. So now that overdependence is not there anymore. 
We've got a range of products or services from different segments in the market and doing 
different jobs. So, I don't think we'll ever get to a position where Classic will be two-thirds of our 
sales again. Having said that, we certainly see headroom for Classic and others in that segment, 
like we said, to grow further. We've seen that already. And we have lots of exciting plans. So, we 
have full teams that are working on ideas on renewals, on thought process. I mean, the product is 
there. It's great. It does a fantastic job. And now we're looking at more branded growth. To 
continue to increase rekindle the love, the desire for Bullet, for Classic, for that segment of bikes. 
And so yeah, there's a lot of interesting things we're doing to get that back in vogue, let's say, and 
to bring it really up in people's eyes again. As the real benchmark or flagship in a sense, I'm not 
talking about a price flagship. I'm talking about a thought flagship for Royal Enfield. So, we still 
think of Classic as that, and we're continuing to put a lot of love and energy behind it, and we're 
seeing some results in the market already. So yes, interesting days ahead for sure. 
Thanks, and good luck. 
Thanks. Next question we have questions from Kapil Singh. 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the demand 
environment. How are things shaping up right now? And also with the competitive launches, have 
you seen any impact on the bookings so far? Or has it not really had any impact? 
As far as the domestic market is concerned, Kapil, two months ago, was not so good. Now it is 
slightly better. That's how it's going on. Between June to July, obviously, it is seasonal. So, there 
will be some numbers, which will be here and there. Our retails have been very good. Our 
booking has been very good. In fact, I just went around all the regions to understand from the 
team, from the dealers and all. The festive season seems to be very bullish. Everybody is looking 
at quite a good number in those areas. So, I think the discrete spending is coming back. Money 
availability is better. Finance penetration is getting better. So, to that extent, I see the market will 
be growing in time to come. 
International market, just to give you a flavor, we can't isolate ourselves from the macroeconomic 
conditions. In Europe, there is a bit of a pressure point. But what we are focusing on is to clear off 
the retail more and more and work with the community. And in markets like APAC and RENA, 
where the market is not growing, our market share has been growing. Once again, we are also 
looking at retail. But we have a skew of new products, which are going to come that Siddhartha 
was mentioning one after the other. And that's going to actually kindle the love once again and 
more sales volumes for us, too. 
Got it. And secondly, can you also talk about the cost outlook and how much price increase we 
have taken in the second quarter? 
Yes. So, I think we don't necessarily talk about our cost outlook per se. But I think in the first 
quarter, we have taken about a 1.5% price increase in certain models, the impact of which will 
flow into the second quarter. 
Okay. This is for both domestic and international markets? 
Page 8 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Vldhya Srinivasan: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Kapil Singh: 
Vldhya Srinivasan: 
Kapil Singh: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Bitesh Goel: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Bitesh Goel: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Bitesh Goel: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
No, we are talking only domestically. International, yes, in certain markets, we have taken, but 
that's just a market-specific model-specific action. 
That's not a painted brush type. So, it is only a few products, a few markets, which we have 
depending upon the cost. You're asking about the cost outlook? If you're looking at the commodity 
cycles and all those things, Kapil, I think that's not a headwind as of now, but we have to wait and 
watch during the festive season how the consumption is going to be, and how China is going to 
play. So, to that extent, I don't see it to be a major problem at this stage. But when it comes, then 
we'll react to it accordingly. But our value engineering pipeline is very strong. 
Sure. No sir, what I was trying to get at is, if there is a tailwind that is still left, like we got this 
quarter? Or that was where the question was coming from? 
No, no, I figured as much. but we don't necessarily comment. Thank you. 
Sure. Thank you. 
Thanks, Kapil. Next, we have a question from Hitesh Goel. 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir basically, you've taken this price increase again in May, right? 
And you said costs are muted. And last quarter also, we had discussed that we have taken a price 
increase to pass on the cost, but we have seen some benefits coming through on margins on that. 
So, can you talk about this price increase? Is it opportunistic? Or is it just a pass-through? 
Pricing is not to be looked at as an opportunistic or pass-through. What we normally look at is, see 
there is a business model, then there is a value proposition for the consumer in relative terms, 
that's how the consumer looks at, and what's an EMI. So, because now the finance penetration is 
actually going up. So, we have to look at it. If there is a commodity pressure, which comes in, 
obviously, we have to look at it, how do we do that when everybody does it, because the relative 
price of everything goes up there. So that we will look at it as an opportunity, as you are 
mentioning. But we have a cadence of actually going through the cost and what is happening, 
what's in the market? How is it relatively positioned? Is that what our motorcycles are, how the 
consumers see the value proposition for us? So that's a constant exercise we keep doing. 
Accordingly, we calibrate the pricing. 
Yeah, so it is basically that one of my questions is, it's a cost-plus pass-through, right? It's not like 
because the penetration there is an issue in terms of affordability, right? We've seen that in the last 
three, four years. So now why industry is taking price increases when there is no need to because 
we're not seeing costs going up. That was my question. 
Yeah, it is like this. It is not that always your product is priced at a particular level, and there is a 
cost pressure which comes up and you have to do cost plus, and then maintain the margin. 
Somewhere what we have to look at is for that particular price position, which we have given it in, 
and the consumer sees a value. If it further goes up, will it actually have a negative impact on the 
product and the volume, because that's what is the rebalance, which we also said. We said we are 
growth focused now. And to that extent, we won't be looking at profitability. So, the cost plus is 
always towards the profitability. But we will look at how we grow the market and look at it in an 
absolute pool, and that's what is directionally, we are working on, Hitesh. 
Okay. And when can we expect the next motorcycle like Bullet 350 and all, because the media 
reports that it is supposed to be in August end or something. So, can you give some sense on the 
near-term launches? At least the timeline? 
Here and now Bullet we have sent you, the media invite and block the dates and all, so that launch 
is now planned. My mind is fully on that, how we celebrate and enjoy the Bullet's legacy and what 
it has brought us here. But as Siddharth was mentioning, we have a slew of new products in all the 
categories, which we are working on. We will come with more and more new products, and we'll 
give you the details when we are coming closer to the launches, Hitesh. 
Page 9 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Hitesh Goel: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Arvind Sharma: 
Thank you very much. All the best. 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Gun jan. 
Hi, thanks team for the opportunity. I had two questions. Firstly, on exports, you guys talked about 
the macro weakness that's impacted the volumes. 1\vo-part question essentially, how we should 
then think of the full-year FY24 outlook for exports. And beyond the near-term also, if! have to 
think about exports, I mean where does the growth come from? Is it market share? Is it category 
expansion? How should I think about it? 
Market share, it's a derivative Gunjan to be honest, because we normally don't look at only the 
market share. But in a market which is already existing, and our brand is getting accepted more 
and more, I can't give you a direct answer of where exactly the numbers of international markets 
will be. But I will tell you where the brand love is. I think I mentioned to you also that we were 
looking at a rider community in Europe. It's almost about some 17,000, 18,000 people signed up 
for it. So that's the product love, which is coming up and the brand love coming in. And we have, 
mind you, we have only about 1,000 retail outlets as of now outside India and there is a huge 
potential, which is there for us to grow. But we are not doing just like that, because we have to 
take the macro conditions of the particular market now. We have to be careful about not loading 
the dealers. So, we wanted to do it in a systematic form, so that the ecosystem is also profitable. 
So, we are slowly opening up, and there are enough prospects which are cleared up for all the 
markets. So, the reach is going to be one major lever for the international markets in time to come. 
And all the new products which are going to come one after the other, because Royal Enfield 
nowadays are making only the global products. It is not country-specific like earlier times. All 
those products also will create their own category in that market. 
Okay. Got it. And the second one is on Hunter. Great scale up that we've seen in the last one year. 
And I mean, I remember maybe the last conference call or prior when you had mentioned that 
there's a lot more opportunity for Hunter to still scale up, given that the volumes are now at 
16k-17k units a month. Do you still see there are some gaps where this model can scale up from 
the current run rate to say, 20k-25k. I mean I'm not trying to get a number, but directionally trying 
to understand the potential of this model from where it is right now? Or you think it's matured? 
Look, I think for a product, one can't send it has come to the maturity level, Gunjan. Obviously, 
I'm not going to give you the number exactly as you said. But I'll tell you directionally. Hunter, 
what is this product, once again, to give a clarity to everyone is that people love the Royal Enfield 
brand. They wanted a product which is a bit more different and agile, and it should be nimble, and 
he can relate to the product. And compared to the other products it can be slightly at a lower 
weight. That's where we thought that we should bring it to the younger audience. And what we 
wanted from that product exactly is what it landed into the hands of consumers. And that's why I 
mentioned when the metros started taking young guys, now the rural areas are also now started 
taking on the Hunter. International market, not that the Hunter is available in all the markets, even 
in a few markets, we are just opening up. So, the Hunter as a franchise overall is growing for 
Royal Enfield. We see there's a huge potential for the Hunter in time to come. 
Okay. I'll join the queue. Thank you. 
Next, we can take questions from Arvind Sharma. 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. This is on the Bullet as and when it 
comes on the new J platform. So essentially, your UCE platform would not have any model. So, 
does that make you more efficient in terms of higher usage of the J platform? Are there any cost 
efficiencies associated with it? And the second would be on the new model launches. I know 
you're not sharing details, but could we expect a new model? Or is it a new platform that you're 
launching probably in fiscal year 2024? Those two questions. Thank you so much. 
Page 10 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
B. Govindarajan: 
Arvind Sharma: 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Arvind Sharma: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Pramod Amte: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Siddhartha Lal: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Pramod Amte: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
So, Bullet, it is on the super refined single cylinder J platform. So that's the last transition, which 
we have to do from the UCE platform, which we have been using for almost a decade now in all 
our products. So that's what is the launch which we are talking about. J platform, now it is there in 
all our products in the 350cc. To this addition, the scale benefit, which will actually be there, will 
also be there for the Bullet, so we will look at it exactly. And what is the second question? The 
second question was about new launches. After the Bullet, we have, as I mentioned, there are a lot 
of new products, CTGs, variants, all those things which are lined up. We always look at what kind 
of an experience we wanted to give to the consumer. For example, Scram, which we brought in 
from a particular platform. So, because we felt that on the same platform, we can come out with 
one more motorcycle like that in the new platforms, new products which we are doing. We'll 
always be looking at it in a platform basis, and we'll give the adjacencies, which can be given as 
an experience to the consumer, we will continue to work on. But you will see a lot of new 
products which will come from Royal Enfield stable. 
Thank you sir. 
And just to add on the platform's bit that, of course, eventually, when we discontinue one 
platform, it does lead to a lot of, I mean, of course, scale leads to direct benefits in terms of unit 
cost reduction and all of that. I'm not sure how much more in terms of moving from UCE to J, 
because we already have a matured J volume. So of course, we will add to it. So, there may be 
some gains there. But I think the bigger gain is in the fact that one: the product is very different. 
It's much more modern, let's say, and refined and all that. But I think most importantly, reducing 
one platform helps a lot, right? Otherwise, the amount of effort and energy required by the 
company to continue to develop a platform, because no platform is standing still. We're always 
improving it, changing things. There are issues in the field, we are solving problems. All those 
things happen on a running platform. So, if you're able to reduce one platform that actually helps 
tremendously in indirect costs as well as efficiencies, let's put it that way. 
Thank you so much. 
Next, we have a question from Pramod Amte. 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for this opportunity. Just want to check your feedback on this competitive 
intensity. Are you surprised by the price aggression by international brands? Second, what are 
your feedback from the dealer levels, which products or what are the customers doing wait and 
watch? And if you have to fight back, would it be pricing, or you will look more for a market 
promotion? 
Siddharth, do you want to take or do I go on. 
No. You carry on Govind. I'll add later. 
So, the first is about the surprise element, which you are talking about, maybe it will be surprising 
to them on how exactly they will price it like this and continue to be there on that. As far as we are 
concerned, we don't take head on with any of the competitions. That's not what we are. Because as 
a company, once again, we love motorcycles, we enjoy working with the community. We start 
looking at what sort of an experience they want, and how can we build, because we go, work with 
them, and then see and ride with them, and that's how we are. All these new products which are 
being launched and all those things, you can't react to it then and there, because any new product, 
it requires almost about four years for you to bring in. Hunter, we launched it in August last year, 
it's almost about four years back, which we do it. So, we have our own path, which is charted, and 
we have a lineup of new products, which we have to come in. Because we work with the 
community, we understand what sort of an experience and what are all the new areas where the 
consumers are looking for. That's how our new products are filled in, and then we'll continue to do 
this. We don't directly alter anything in our strategic vision just because some competition is 
coming in now. 
Anything on the dealer or customer feedback in case you have any? 
Page 11 of 13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
B. Govindarajan: 
Pramod Amte: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Raghunandhan: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Raghunandhan: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Raghunandhan: 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
Raghunandhan: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Ritesh Arora: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
Anything on the customer feedback about the products which they have launched? 
No. On the competitive, are they waiting or are they still continuing the same vigor to compete? 
Where is the product? Nobody has experienced the product as of now. So, unless otherwise people 
experience those products, and that's how people will know, right? Royal Enfield from 50,000 
motorcycles to almost a million motorcycles, we built it over the years, and we know the nuances, 
we get what are the issues? How do we have to do that? How to ramp up? What are all the 
problems which can be there? Now it's all about there is a lot of hype, which is there. Once the 
product comes, then only people can actually give the feedback and all those things. Now there 
are only a few reviews. 
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Raghunandhan. 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. Congratulations on strong results and thank you for the 
comprehensive investor presentation. Two questions. Firstly, the sale of above 250cc motorcycles 
has increased to 8% of industry versus 2%-3% 10 years ago. How would the share increase over 
the medium to long-term? And what would be the share if you take the top 10 cities or some of the 
urbanized states? 
So, Raghu, if in case I had to talk about the middleweight. So as we mentioned in an absolute 
number, let us go through it. It is from 50,000 at one point of time to almost a million 
motorcycles. That's the growth over the decade. From here where do we see it, our understanding 
is that there are enough disruptions, which are taking place. But especially ICE vehicles in the 
premium segment, it is going to continue to grow. In that growth, the overall volume will grow 
and because we have enough new products, which are coming in and our own activities which we 
are doing and working with the community, we'll also see our numbers going up, Raghu. That's 
how we look at it. 
Got it, sir. On exports, on the five existing assembly units, what would be the capacity? And how 
do you see the benefits of volumes from these facilities? 
Benefits maybe, Vidhya can add up. I'll tell you what's happening in terms of capacities. In most 
of the areas in the CKD plant, Raghu, what we have talked about is only to start with the 
single-shift operations. So, there is potential for you to increase another one shift in all the areas. 
Once again, because it is easy for us to go and put money and put a big plant in that particular area 
and look at the market. No, we have cracked the code of doing it in a modular form, even our 
CKD is in a modular form. In all those countries now, from a market share from nowhere, we 
have come to almost 8%-9%. That's all being fed by our CKD plant now. And we have reached in 
the middleweight almost number 2 position in Thailand, and it is all being supplied by the CKD 
plants there. And similarly in Colombia and Argentina. So, in all those areas, if I have to double it 
for one more shift, if I have to open it, then I can double it. If I have to tell you about the exact 
number of all those things, maybe I have to get back to you, Raghu, on setting what will be the 
number in all the CKD plants one after the other. 
Thank you sir. Wishing you all the best. And if you can just share the finance penetration in the 
domestic market, how has it increased over the years? 
It's about 60% now. So, it's been growing quite well. 
Thank you ma'am. Thank you so much. 
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Ritesh Arora. 
Sorry. I just wanted to check if we've launched the Super Meteor in the U.S.? 
Not yet, Ritesh, it's in the cards. 
Page 12 of13 

' 
~~ 
EICHER 
' 
Ritesh Arora: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Ritesh Arora: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Ritesh Arora: 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Siddhartha Lal: 
B. Govindarajan: 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
Eicher Motors QJFY24 Earnings Call 
Aug3, 2023 
Okay. And any specific on how is the U.S. market performing for us as it's been one of the largest 
markets? Do you see this lowdown impacting volumes there? If you could give us some color? 
As of now Ritesh, as I mentioned, our focus is on retail, that's what we are doing in those markets. 
And U.K., as I mentioned, we are taking on our own the entire market activity, development 
activities from the distributor. Directly, we are going to do that, signing up the dealers. So that's 
also a transition which is taking place. In all those markets, as of now, the market is not growing. 
It is slightly opening up, that's where it is. But the good thing which is happening is as the retails 
are better. Our market share, we are marginally gaining or holding on to the market share. So, we 
are not losing out on anything. In my understanding, some of the markets will open up in another 
about five, six months' time. That's where I see it will open up. It's only once again, readings and 
personal understanding of this. There's no signs to say that this country will open up by this 
particular point of time. So, we will only be looking at consciously loading into those markets. 
But we have a lot of new products which are going to come and that new products are going to get 
us new consumer eyeballs into those. And that's how we are seeing, there is a huge growth 
potential which is possible for us. We have almost 1 ,000 retail outlets outside India. We are 
focusing on increasing those retail outlets in all the markets, but we will not rush ourselves. We 
will go systematically, because we always look at it, it has to be credible over a period of time that 
should be a pull brand. So, our focus will always be like that. 
Sure. Thanks. And just one more question. See, the waiting times on all your models range from 
one month to six months. What is the cause for that? Are we rurming overcapacity? Or how do 
you see it? Is there a shortage of parts? 
Not really, Ritesh. What happens is every product when we come out with a business case, 
vis-a-vis what is the market acceptance and numbers, all our products have positively surprised us 
in a way. So, we have put something as a capacity, and then we started looking at it. The market 
response has been very good. So, there is a lead time, which is required to come back and then 
give that extra need, which is there in the market. So that's the capital which we have to keep 
putting it in product-after-product. Most of our products are as of now, about three, four weeks 
times and barring a few products for which also we have already started the action. So that will 
take care of the supply situation for those products. 
Thank you. 
Thanks. That was the last question. So over to management for any closing remarks. 
We just like to thank you, guys. Thank you so much for joining us late today on this call. And 
yeah. we've had an absolutely tremendous quarter, first quarter of the year. It gives us a good 
momentum into the rest of the year, both on the RE side and VECV side. So EML as a whole. So 
yeah. thank you very much, once again, and we look forward to catching up with you in a quarter. 
Bye-bye. 
Thank you very much. 
Thank you. 
Page 13 of13 
