 
 
 
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in 
  www.sapphirefoods.in 
 702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005 
Date: August 08, 2023 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q1 FY24 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on 
Wednesday, August 02, 2023, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2023. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript is also available at the website of the Company 
(https://www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financials) under FY 2023-24 Quarter 1 
section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
SACHIN 
TUKARAM 
DUDAM
Digitally signed by 
SACHIN TUKARAM 
DUDAM 
Date: 2023.08.08 
19:35:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited 
Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call.” 
August 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
         
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY PUROHIT – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – SAPPHIRE 
FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVYA SHAH – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sapphire Foods 
India Limited Q1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call organized by Orient Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Bhavya Shah from Orient Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Bhavya Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q1 FY '24 Earnings Con Call for Sapphire Foods India 
Limited. From the management, we have today, Mr. Sanjay Purohit, Group CEO and Whole-
Time Director, accompanied by Mr. Vijay Jain, CFO. I hope everyone had a chance to go 
through the results in the investor presentation, which was uploaded on the Exchange earlier 
today. Before we proceed a reminder that this call may contain some forward-looking 
statements, which do not guarantee future performance and involve unforeseen risks. A detailed 
disclaimer has also been published in the presentation. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Purohit. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Good evening, everybody. Welcome to the quarter 1 FY '24 earnings call presentation. Like 
Bhavya said, I hope you've been able to go through the presentation that has been already 
uploaded. Let me start off with a summary. As usual, between Vijay Jain and I we will cover 
very quickly the highlights of the quarter. 
Our consolidated restaurant sales grew by 20% despite the consumer demand headwinds, and 
this seems to be as good as anyone or perhaps better than most players in the industry. Our 
revenue was INR652 crores for the quarter.  
During the quarter, we've seen raw material inflation cooling off and thereby on both the brands, 
Pizza Hut and KFC, our gross margins have improved. Our focus here during the quarter, given 
the consumer headwinds is to do what is in our control, which is how can we win consumer trust 
by delivering both value innovation as well as other product innovation and invest behind strong 
advertising programs. So from a product innovation perspective, I'll talk about KFC snackers 
range, the Pizza Hut 10 new core pizzas that we launched in April. We added 35 restaurants in 
the quarter, 17 KFCs, 16 Pizza Hut and one KFC and Pizza Hut each in Maldives, taking our 
total restaurant count to 778. 
Our consolidated restaurant EBITDA margin was 17.2%, down 130 basis points. But in absolute 
terms, it grew by 12% Y-o-Y. Our consolidated EBITDA, this is post Ind-AS EBITDA of 
INR122 crores is at 18.8% margin. This grew Y-on-Y by 10%. But from a percentage basis, it 
was down 170 basis points. 
Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA that is pre-Ind-AS was INR77 crores or 11.8%, and this 
grew by 7%. Our consolidated PBT of INR33.6 crores or 5.2% declined Y-o-Y by 6% and PAT 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
was INR25 million. I want to call out that last year, we did not have tax. And this year, we have 
had a deferred tax expense, but no cash outflow and therefore, PAT is INR25 crores. 
Let me now cover the business performance of our three verticals, along with Vijay. Let's first 
take a look at KFC. Despite the macro conditions, Sapphire KFC has delivered a really strong 
financial performance. We will speak about our restaurant EBITDA, which is our -- amongst 
our highest ever at 20.8%, growing 50 basis points over last year. 
When I get to slide number 16, we spoke about the six brand priorities to enhance fried chicken 
category relevance to enhance our craveable taste image, provide value options to consumers, 
both entry value as well as abundant value, deliver a frictionless customer experience and the 
work that we do on digital kiosks, the KFC Own App and partnering with our aggregators, 
friends, Zomato and Swiggy, are the three initiatives under this priority. On operational 
excellence, the 7 Minutes Express Pick-up promise that we give to consumers and finally, 
improving accessibility. 
I'm moving on to the next slide, which is slide number 18. And you can see the new products 
that were launched during this quarter. I spoke about during the previous or the full year FY '23 
call. I did speak about Chicken Roll that we had just launched. Along with Chicken Roll at 
INR99, we have launched a range of seven products at INR99, and this is really to bolster our 
menu operations across day part and including the snacking occasion. 
This includes the Chicken Roll, Chicken Longer Burger, which is a new product, then Popcorn 
Bag, some beverages, some fries and also a desert. So this product or this value range and seven 
products is very important for us to be able to bring back transactions over a period of time. 
From an operational excellence perspective, I don't have this in my slide, but I just want to call 
out that recently, we won an award. We were adjudged as -- we were recognized by Yum! Global 
as one of their Top 3 franchisees across the world on food safety scores and so food safety is an 
important enabler to deliver the right kind of customer experience. So our effort on operational 
excellence continues. 
If you go on to slide number 20, you'll see some of the stores that we have opened. The Punjab 
stores truly the brand stands out in that market, the quality of the assets that we have built and 
the revenue and the brand franchise that we are able to drive. We opened our first store also in 
Kolhapur, which is really doing well. 
Let me hand it over to Vijay to take us through the financial details. 
Vijay Jain: 
Thank you, Sanjay. On channel mix, slide number 21, the mix has remained largely stable year-
on-year with 36% coming in from delivery, 19% from takeaway and 45% -- sorry, 45% from 
delivery, 36% from dining and 19% from takeaway. While SSSG was flat, ADS moved up 
sequentially to INR138,000, it was 127,000 in quarter 4. Overall, revenue grew up by 21% year-
on-year. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
And as inflation cooled off, we saw gross margin recovery. It was up by 80 basis points year-
on-year and also 130 basis points sequentially. This, combined with tighter cost controls enabled 
KFC delivered one of the highest ever restaurant EBITDA of 20.8%. 
Slide number 24 gives you the four-year trend and the five-year quarterly trend. And as can be 
seen at 20.8%, KFC has delivered the second highest EBITDA and the first win quarter 3 FY 
'22, which was a festive quarter, so really strong performance in the current quarter. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
On Pizza Hut, the sales trajectory of the brand has remained largely similar over the last three 
quarters. April to September of last year '22 were perhaps the best six months ever in our history 
of the brand, where we've delivered in the first half 62 ADS. As we have consistently said, post 
Diwali of '22, this has come down. And today, we are hovering in the region of about 51, 52 
ADS. We have seen a sequential increase in quarter 1 versus quarter 4 of FY '23, but this is a 
normal seasonal increase that we see. Like I said earlier, we continue to do what is in our control 
and focus on those activities. So we've invested in higher marketing spend behind the brand. 
Our flavour fun continues to do well. The launch of the four -- of the 10 new core pizzas also -- 
they have done well, but still we have not been able to move the needle on the brand. The brand 
has shown 12% revenue growth. If you see slide number 26, we talk about the brand priorities. 
And in the brand priorities, I'll focus on operational excellence and to many of you, you'll 
perhaps feel that this is a generic commentary that we make every time. But now if you go to 
slide number 29, we are really happy to say that we've been recognized by Yum! Brand as being 
the number 1 franchisees in the world in terms of Global Experience Scores for the first half of 
calendar year '23. 
I'll just repeat, we are the best franchisee in the world on Guest Experience Scores and 
recognized by Yum! Brands. So I think if we continue to focus on guest experience on food 
safety, hygiene, on the back-end processes, increased marketing investments, invest behind 
product innovation, we are quite confident that we will turn around this brand. You can see some 
of the stores that we have opened the Baramati store or the Dabolim store and two Phoenix -- 
new two Phoenix Mall stores that have opened out. 
Vijay will take you through the financial performance. 
Vijay Jain: 
I'm on slide 31, channel sales contribution. Delivery moved up to 50% year-on-year, but it's 
largely in line with the last quarter. On SSSG, while the SSG was negative we did not see any 
decline in the transaction. So that's the happening part. ADS moved up sequentially to 
INR52,000 versus last quarter, it was at INR50,000. Overall revenue for the brand grew by 12%. 
And while gross margin dropped by 20 basis points year-on-year, sequential quarter, we saw an 
improvement of 80 basis points. This is due to the raw material pricing cooling off during the 
quarter. 
However, the restaurant EBITDA was impacted by lower sales and the EBITDA came at 9%. 
This is similar to the last quarter. Slide 34 shows the four-year trend and the five-quarter trend. 
And as Sanjay mentioned, that we continue to focus on the value, product innovation and 
customer experience, and we are confident that this brand will turnaround in the future. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Sanjay Purohit: 
On Sri Lanka, there's nothing very different to report. The consumer demand continues to remain 
quite challenged because of the cumulative impact of both inflation as well as higher direct taxes 
being imposed on citizens. Operating conditions remain stable. We feel that perhaps demand 
conditions have bottomed out. And progressively, we should start to see an improvement. 
Inflation in the month of June came to 10% from -- if you remember, last year, it peaked in the 
month of October, November at 80%, 90%. So inflation certainly has cooled off and stabilized. 
And we continue to, like I said, focus on areas that we control. There's a very exciting launch 
that has happened four days ago called Pizza Hut Melts. And I'll talk about that perhaps in the 
next earnings call. But again, it's a fantastic shareable -- sorry, fantastic product for individual 
consumption and can drive a snacking occasion. So we are using product innovation to help us 
lift consumer sentiment in the category. 
Vijay Jain: 
On slide 37, as things have stabilized dining has come back and the mix improved to 29% vis-
a-vis year 27% which was FY '23, and vis-a-vis 22% in quarter 1 last year. Overall, SSSG was 
flat. However, the revenue grew by 9% in Lankan figures due to forex currency appreciation in 
Indian rupee terms, it grew by 27%. 
Moving on to the gross margin; we saw a 170-basis points improvement year-on-year. As Sanjay 
mentioned, the raw material prices have largely stabilized. We don't see any further increase on 
the raw material prices. However, due to flat SSSG, it impacted the restaurant EBITDA, which 
has come at 13%. This is largely in range with what has happened over the last two quarters. 
Slide 41 gives you a four-year trend and the five-quarter trend. I would like to end by saying as 
mentioned previously we expect recovery to start happening probably 2024 onwards. That's the 
time we expect probably the GD to be to turn flat to positive and inflation to come down in 
single-digit time for Sri Lanka. 
Moving on from Sri Lanka, happy to say that in Maldives we have opened two more restaurants, 
one each KFC and Pizza Hut. This takes our total tally to four stores in Maldives. 
Finally, on slide number 43 on ESG highlights. Very happy to say that we released our second 
ESG report based on GRI, SASB and BRSR Norms. We are the first in the QSR industry to do 
this last year. We continue with our journey. And while the slide gives you a few highlights, I 
would encourage you to go through our website, look at the detailed report. It will give you a 
good insight in the kind of work we are doing on the ESG front. 
With this, we can hand over the… 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes. So just -- I'll just summarize in generally tough conditions our actions and our results 
perhaps demonstrate our ability to execute really excellently, whether it be the KFC financial 
performance or be the Pizza Hut Yum! recognition of being the number one franchisee globally 
on customer scores or reflected in the 20% revenue growth that we've been able to deliver. I 
think we are focused on the right actions, and we believe that as progressively, results should 
continue to improve. We remain bullish on both the brands and both the markets. 
So with this, I'll hand it over to you for question answers -- for questions. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The first question comes from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Nihal Jham: 
My first question was on KFC. Just wanted to get a sense that has this quarter seen all the gross 
margin benefits play in or there is still some that could play out in the coming quarters? 
Vijay Jain: 
So hi, Nihal, we believe largely that's played out in terms of gross margins. And again, as I said 
in previous calls, we would typically not focus on gross margin per se. What we have maintained 
for KFC as a brand, the kind of growth we are looking at over three to four years, how we can 
maintain the restaurant EBITDA in the -- in and around 20% mark, that's the focus area. So I 
would not be too worried about the gross margin levels. Let's see how it moves, especially with 
the snackers range coming in. But the emphasis is on the 20% kind of a market as to an EBITDA 
level. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, Vijay. Just a related question on KFC; was there an incremental benefit from the recent 
value launches, which has helped keep the SSSG flat or it has been an overall portfolio 
performance? 
Vijay Jain: 
I would say while there would have been some benefit too early to say a big amount of benefit, 
especially that chicken roll got launched somewhere in April, but the other part of the snacker 
range got launched just very recently a month back. So I won't say that full benefit has come in 
yet. So let's see how it plays out as we move forward. 
Nihal Jham: 
So wouldn't say that the recent launches have in a way kept the SSSG flat, it is an overall 
portfolio that is played out equally well (19.58mins). 
Vijay Jain: 
Correct. Correct. 
Nihal Jham: 
Final question on Pizza Hut. Now whether I look at it, say, absolutely as a KFC and Pizza Hut 
divergence in SSSG or versus some of the other competitors I see that this quarters SSSG 
performance despite the environment seems a little exaggerated. You mentioned transactions 
have stayed flat. So is it maybe a case that there is an issue with not issue, maybe there is a 
higher focus towards people taking a flavour on some of the value range or what in your opinion 
is leading to the increase in divergence in SSSG versus KFC, PH and so even if I look at some 
of the other competitors who report? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So actually, there’s been no divergence between SSSG and SSTG over the last three quarters. 
So typically, there’s been a 3% to 5% difference between KFC on the negative side, whereas on 
Pizza Hut transactions after we launched flavour fun transactions have been better versus 
competition, if you look at, again, if I just see KFC versus competition, overall, revenue growth 
is 21%. Competition is perhaps lower. Their SSSG might be higher, but overall revenue growth 
is lower because of our addition. When you look at Pizza Hut, I don’t think the apples-to-apples 
comparison. What we provide a same-store sales growth and, say, like-for-like growth I’m not 
too sure whether they are comparable. 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, just to add to that, Nihal, from a trajectory point of view, the trajectories remain where 
it is over the last six months or so. So our ADS has hovered around INR50,000, INR52,000 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
mark. Its one of the key reasons also is that last year quarter 1, we did really exceedingly well. 
Quarter 1 was 40% SSSG, quarter 2 was 23%-odd SSSG. So yes, when you compare with the 
base, the SSSG drop looks higher, but no further drop has happened compared to the previous 
quarters. In fact, the seasonal upliftment which we experienced during April to June quarter, that 
has happened. 
So that’s first part of the reason. Second part, again, as I said, transaction is an important point 
over here. SSSG has remained flat whereas, lets say, probably a brand like KFC, there would be 
slight small amount of negative transaction growth. And as Sanjay said, third part, where you’re 
comparing its not apple-to-apple competition, some gives like-for-like growth, which is not 
really SSSG. And if you actually convert that into SSSG, the number would be according to us 
significantly higher. 
Nihal Jham: 
I’ll come back in the queue for this. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Does that answer your question, that question, Nihal? 
Nihal Jham: 
Just the follow-up was that even if you adjust the competition number, it is still lower. And I 
was just thinking that in our effort other than, say, maybe the sentiment improving in the next 
couple of quarters, what are going to be the incremental steps which you’ll see, say, Pizza Hut 
improve the SSSG and come back to the earlier trajectory these were the two follow-ups, which 
maybe are still left open after our conversation. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So the answer is quite so we continue to focus on our ops. If we let us so we are trying to not, 
we are trying. We are investing more on advertising. From a product range perspective, we 
believe we have got the range now to compete both from a pure product perspective as well as 
from a value perspective. From a delivery perspective, also, we are working to deliver the best 
customer experience. So the building blocks are not the building blocks are doing things with 
discipline on an everyday basis. There’s no silver bullet, if I were to say so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arnab Mitra of Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was on KFC. You’ve seen a slight dip in SSSG despite the price increase that 
was taken. So my question was do you basically think this is due to the price increase that there 
would have been some negative impact due to affordability. And are you seeing that improve 
because now its been four months since that price increase was taken? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, as I mentioned for Pizza Hut previously, the kind of upliftment we see in quarter 1 
versus quarter 4, that upliftment we had seen, both in terms of transaction as well as ADS by 
way of APC. So that has happened, which proves that the price increase has not impacted so the 
SSSG being flat is more of a function of the last years probably the growth which we saw last 
year in quarter 1, which was the first quarter coming out of COVID. 
Further, having said that, when you take a 2% or 3% kind of price increase, the realization does 
not really flow through from an SSSG point of view because there could be some amount of 
down trading, which may happen. Having said that, while raw material inflations cooled off, 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
there were other inflations on the P&L, which needs to be taken care of. And the 2% to 3% price 
increase, we have been taking almost every year at the start of the year for KFC as a brand. And 
we have not seen any impact on the transactions or the ADS over the last several years. And the 
quarter 1 number shows that for us. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood Vijay. Now my second question was on Pizza Hut, again, just following up on what 
Nihal had asked in the previous question. So is the environment for the pizza category so one, 
we are generally in a weak environment and the pizza category seems to be doing worse. Is there 
any thought process on moderating store expansion in Pizza Hut as you go ahead if the numbers 
remain similar in terms of negative SSSG or are you comfortable with the absolute level of ADS 
and profit you’re making in the new stores and therefore, you don’t think there is any need to 
moderate the pace of expansion or take any other steps like reducing advertising or other things? 
Vijay Jain: 
Two parts to that question. The first, as a Sapphire Foods have always emphasized the 
importance of capital allocation and delivering ROCE on everything which we invest, so that 
remains always in focus. Using that logic, also previously, I have said that couple of quarters 
negative SSSG may not warrant to  relook at the store opening. Having said that, it's now nine 
months negative SSSG. 
So yes, we would recalibrate approach on Pizza Hut store opening, not in a more dramatic or a 
drastic manner. However, the number of stores we are likely to open this year on Pizza Hut 
would certainly be lower than the number of stores we opened in the previous financial year on 
the Pizza Hut. Having said that, our 3- to 4-year horizon remains still same. Our guidance 
remains the same on both the brands. We believe we could double the count over three to four 
years over three to four years, the count, which was there as of December 2021. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Understood. Understood. And on your initiative on increasing advertising expense, which you 
had highlighted last quarter, that continues or there is some thought process that -- whether this 
is the right time to do it given the environment that the category is facing? 
Vijay Jain: 
No, no, it continues. It continues throughout the year, throughout the rest of the year. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes. So I think like -- so what is the issue articulation that we believe that while we have got the 
product, the pricing, especially value equation on Pizza Hut right we've got to build the consumer 
franchise on the brand. And that's really important given the fact that we've not been on 
television for a long period of time. And as we expand into newer geographies and into new 
trade areas, consumers there must know what the brand is about and what the brand promises. 
So therefore -- so they are discovering our omni-channel experience in any case. 
They discover delivery, they discover takeaway and dine-in. So along with that greater 
advertising spend will help the acceleration of consumers fully appreciating the brand promise. 
Now we've got to also play it reasonably sensibly from a financial perspective and therefore, 
instead of trying to do something only in one quarter we believe that if we continue to invest 
over a long period of time, undoubtedly, this will help and make a difference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Devanshu Bansal of Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And sorry for pressing again on the Pizza Hut side. So despite weak macros, the chicken category 
is growing at 20% plus, burger is also seeing encouraging 15%, 20% growth, but pizza as a 
category is seeing sort of weaker trends. So just wanted to understand the reasons for this? Has 
this category matured? There is higher competition or there have been higher price hikes due to 
dairy inflation in this category? 
Vijay Jain: 
So again, as I mentioned previously, when macroeconomic conditions get tough, it did not 
impact maybe all the category at a similar manner. This has impacted across the consumer and 
the retail industry. And within those -- each company or each category would have got impacted 
differently. So yes, we are seeing a slightly more different impact for Pizza Hut. Having said 
that, it's equally true that we are seeing very different impacts of Pizza Hut on transaction 
remaining positive or flat vis-a-vis while the SSSG has gone negative. So yes, it's impacting 
slightly more from a pizza category. 
One of the reasons could be, yes, we acknowledge that the competitive intensity in this category 
and the number of players in this category, both regional players and national players could be 
one of the reasons as a result of which you are seeing slightly more steeper -- negative SSSG in 
Pizza Hut. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And even from Pizza Hut, this transaction, number of transactions remaining flat, and we 
have seen a 9% sort of decline. We have a few rounds of price hikes also of which the benefits 
should have flown. So the average check size also sort of suggests that it has seen a significant 
dip. So what are the reasons for that? Is it largely because of introduction of flavour fun or there 
are other reasons also for that? 
Vijay Jain: 
I would say three reasons. One, if I again try and recall the journey, which we have taken over 
the last three years on Pizza Hut, from where our APC used to be, the average per check used to 
be upwards of INR700, which was more a fine-dining check size rather than a QSR check size. 
So there has been a conscious call-in terms of the way we have curated our menu over the last 
three years, introduction of new options. So that's one. It's something by design, which we have 
been working over three years. 
Now we've seen more reasonable range of INR450 or so. The second, yes, introduction of 
flavour fun, while it has helped our transaction, and we have seen good transaction over the last 
one  year or so, even now without -- with negative 9% transactions are flat. So flavour fun has 
certainly helped us. So that's another reason. And third, yes, there would be downtrading 
certainly by consumers when there's a price increase, inflation is a scenario. So all these three 
results put together, I would attribute towards the APC drop. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And anything on the promotional front as in you are giving higher discounts, etcetera. So 
is that also happening? 
Vijay Jain: 
So nothing -- so while we could do rejig our promotions continuously, I don't think the overall 
promotion discounts towards overall promotion has gone up or gone down. They remain largely 
the same across the segment. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
You're right. It's not -- there's no material change. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. And this quarter, Q2, there's an incremental headwind in terms of Adik Mas this time 
around so which can likely impact KFC SSSG. Any kind of outlook that you can provide will 
be helpful. 
Vijay Jain: 
While we avoid a quarter-on-quarter outlook you are right, for the quarter 2 is typically a bit 
more difficult for KFC because of the various festivities which leads to the -- the vegetarian 
festival so called where people avoid(33:52mins) non-vegetarian. But then it is a cycle every 
year, this would be the case last year also there was Shravan, Shraddh, Janmashtami, Ganesh 
Chaturthi, part of Navaratri, everything fell in Q2. So this is part and parcel. I don't see any 
material impact compared to what we saw in quarter 2 of last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shirish Pardeshi of Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Congratulations for winning the award and trust. Just two questions in the beginning. We had 
IPL event. And of course, that is also one of the things which has happened. When I look at 
some data point, the PH store has grown 28.5%. So from 235 stores, we have now 302 stores. 
And even KFC stores has increased about 27%. And when you map this growth against that and 
the third angle, which we put it as the SSSG, is there a drastic change in the consumer behaviour? 
I mean though Vijay has given some downtrading angle to it can you talk -- and I believe -- I 
respect your thought because you spent a lot of time to rejig the menu and understand consumer 
behaviour. So could you spend a minute or two explaining what consumer trends are now 
picking? Have the pizza consumption is really going to take challenge or KFC novelty is going 
to fade away? 
Vijay Jain: 
So just to clarify on the numbers piece, before Sanjay would answer the trend piece, while he 
called out 28% store growth and also you spoke about the SSSG. One thing to just call out that 
when we build the new stores, we always expect the new store to start at 70% to 75% of the 
brand average ADS for KFC and maybe 75% to 80% of the brand average ADS for Pizza Hut. 
So you would never see a revenue growth, which would be beating the store growth per se, from 
the new store process. And then what you get on top of that is the SSSG. Sanjay can take the 
second part on the trends going forward. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Just repeat that question on the trend, Shirish, if you don't mind. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. So I was saying that you have won the consumer trust aboard. And that's why I'm asking 
this question. Rather, I'm more excited to ask this question and pick your thought that on one 
side, we are seeing a consistent depression in terms of demand for pizza. Maybe there are many 
angles to it. And that's why I was saying that the novelty for KFC is also at stake. I'm not saying 
at stake, sorry, that's not the right one. But I'm saying the consumer has not been picking up. 
And this is in activation we also had the very strong IPL event. And in that connect I want to see 
that what really consumer behaviour is telling us. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes. So first of all, the IPL event existed last year existed this year. And therefore, we are 
comping the same event. So that's not so much of a problem. I think we continue to remain very 
bullish on the category itself. So we continue to remain very bullish on the category. Now having 
said that, there is some correlation of such industries to overall GDP and how GDP performs. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
And within GDP, there's a lovely metric called private finance, private final consumption 
expenditure, which is a really good barometer for consumer spend across all categories. You 
will find a considerable dip from April, September '22 to the last 9 months, significant dip in 
this PSE as the government publishes. 
Now when overall GDP is impacted and perhaps GDP is impacted a little bit because of the 
higher inflation that we saw last year, categories, all discretionary categories will go through 
some amount of pain. And you can see it in the FMCG results also that are being published. So 
I would not even remotely say that it is a specific brand problem. It is across the industry, across 
packaged foods as well as restaurants like us. Now within that, if you look at -- and I'd love you 
to do that analysis, Shirish, when you see -- when you stack rank revenue growth right across all 
brands, KFC at 21% is perhaps the highest. And Pizza Hut also at 12% has not done too badly. 
The important thing here is the finally new stores add to the overall transaction that consumer 
spends on the brand. So new stores are also increasing this entire transaction bucket. So if you 
just see what KFC total transaction growth, including new stores would have been is close to 
20%. So why do I talk about overall transactions? Normally, we don't speak about this in our 
earnings call. But it is indicated that the consumer franchise on both the brands is strong. Now 
it is true that on Pizza specifically competitive intensity has gone up over the last 18 months or 
so. We are seeing a little bit of the impact of that competitive intensity on our brand. In fact, the 
market leader has seen perhaps even greater intensity there. 
I think we are still -- I reiterate, I think we are still doing the right things. We've got the product 
mix right, our value equation right. In fact, if today versus the market leader, our prices are as 
good or perhaps even more economical in -- from a meal bundle perspective. So we are doing 
the right things there. We've got accessibility in many of our large markets. The brand at least is 
accessible. We are working hard on delivery, our dine-in experience is as good as ever. 
I think we have to really invest on a long-term basis on building the consumer franchise and 
which we are trying to do that through higher marketing spend. This is not, like I said, not a 
silver bullet. In the face of this consumer headwind, it's not a silver bullet, but it will definitely 
pay dividends as we go along. It's a slightly long answer, Shirish, but I hope I. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I got it. That's really helpful. Just to follow up. Last quarter introduced 10 new Pizza Hut. So 
will you be able to help us that what is the contribution or is that the segment which is actually 
driving the footfall or you're trying to arrest the decline? But despite that, it declined 9%. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So this is a refresh of our existing pizza range. So while we -- while our core while we launched 
10 core pizzas, we removed another 12. So really, this is an exercise. The last time this exercise 
would have been done would have been about four years ago when we would have revamped 
the range. I think what is the consumer insights that we were trying to address and through the 
toppings and through the saucing and through the Flavors, we wanted to give both Indian as well 
as international flavour, that is one. We wanted to make the mouth feel far more -- the word is 
not right, juicier or far more wetter, otherwise, sometimes a pizza can get a little dry. So through 
the extra saucing and through the toppings so this core range has actually seen -- so one has gone 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
out, one has been replaced by this range. And this is a part of, like I said, part of our core range 
itself. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Wonderful. Just last question on KFC. I think my experience wherever in the country have 
travelled in the last 90 days, I see there is a lot of rush at the KFC counter, while competition I 
see that is the test. So I just wanted to pick your real qualitative thought bringing INR99 price 
point and introducing this. Why I'm asking this is that is it not a fear in the medium to long-term 
that would be a margin dilutive or is it some specific action, which Yum! has been trying to push 
this portfolio? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
No, not at all. It is -- so not at all to your last statement, it's not Yum! that is pushing it. I think 
we are pushing it equally hard. And one of the important levers of growth is driving accessibility 
to consumers and accessibility comes through both distribution and in our case, in an FMCG the 
number of stores that a product is available in. In our case, it's the number of stores that are 
present in a particular city and whether through the omni-channel experience, people are able 
to, therefore, access the brand. So one is accessibility. Then pricing plays a very important role, 
and pricing is at two levels. 
So KFC always known as a meal brand, and therefore, we did fantastically well from our 
abundant value options. So our buckets and meal bundles have always been priced very 
attractively. One of the areas that we said we could do better is entry level. And this opens up 
newer dayparts and newer occasions also of consumption, including snacking occasions where 
perhaps a person will spend INR150 and still want a reasonable amount of gut fill. This range is 
really intended towards such dayparts and such occasions. Overall, it has to expand the base 
rather than cannibalize the base. So the intention is that it has to expand the base, Shirish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Nigam of Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Sir, I have one question on this competitive intensity on pizza that we just talked about. So as I 
can understand that a lot of local city level or regional pizza players have been coming up. And 
this question very specifically on that because you mentioned competitive intensity a few times 
to describe this phenomenon. How is their proposition different from the organized players like 
Pizza Hut? And if it is value, is there a reason or differentiation because of which we are not 
able to cater to not to match them? That's first part of the question. And second is sir, based on 
your experience in the industry, how is this trend different or similar to the previous inflation 
cycle? So just wanted to understand your view on both these parts of the question on the 
competitive intensity. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So it's not that competitors play on value, and they are offering better value. I don't think that is 
the case. In many of our -- in such industries, when a new brand comes up, there is always a 
tendency to try out something new. So that happens. But over a period of time, then consistency 
in delivery of quality and food quality, taste, and customer service, then becomes the 
differentiator. So when you have a spurt in competitive intensity, perhaps over the short run, it 
might impact because consumers want to try out something new. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
But over the medium term, then people revert back to a brand that is able to offer consistency in 
food, taste, quality right across. So I think it's -- and when you have consumer headwinds and 
overall demand goes down, then the ability of the smaller players to be able to deliver that 
consistency, I think, comes under question. So it's really -- if you are well organized, then you 
are still able to focus on doing the right thing. So this happens Gaurav. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Got it. And sir, just a second part of the question, what do you think is this like -- I think you've 
explained to me the like the book way of thinking about it, is this similar how it happened in the 
previous inflation cycle or there is some differences to how it is happening this time, sir? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So this level of inflation perhaps has not happened. We have not seen it in the last six or seven 
years, or ever since Sapphire has come into existence. We have not seen this level of inflation. 
Now I'm looking at my previous experience and drawing on that. I would say when you got 
double-digit inflation there is impact on consumer demand that perhaps last a year or so. And 
then as things stabilize and as inflation stabilizes, demand starts to come back. So I think -- and 
we've been consistently seeing this earlier also Gaurav. 
So I think we have to just -- like I said, this is across the country, across industries and really not 
a QSR problem or any specific brand problem. And having said that, still our overall rate of 
growth has been at 20%. And again, I've said this earlier to Shirish and to others, it's -- 20% is 
perhaps highest in the -- or at least still of all the companies that have announced the results till 
now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Again, looking at your Pizza Hut ADS, I just wanted to make sure the basis of the statement 
where you're saying that we have bottomed out in terms of demand. The reason I'm asking this 
is that basically, sequentially, if you see your ADS, it has grown by about 4%. My understanding 
is that typically in the pizza category, sequentially in Q1, the ADS grows by about 7% to 8%. If 
I look at Jubilant also historically, their ADS has grown by 7% to 9% approximately in Q1. And 
they also, this time, have grown only at 3%. You also have grown at 4%. So even the sequential 
growth, which normally happens this quarter, it is happening lower than that. So what is the 
reason for that, sir? 
Vijay Jain: 
So first of all, I think you misunderstood the statement Sanjay made on bottoming out. His 
statement was meant for Sri Lanka business that we have bottomed out. So I think you have. 
Yes. So that was the first thing. Having said that let me take the second part of the question. In 
terms of upliftment of ADS from Q4 to Q1, what do we -- actually miss out is the number of 
stores open and the number of new stores which come at the lower than the brand average ADS. 
So what's not reflected over there is a like-for-like upliftment over there. So that's also playing 
a part. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But Vijay, in one quarter, the number of stores which opened versus the total number of stores 
as an overall format, it really doesn't move the needle. On a Y-o-Y basis, I understand because 
in four quarters, cumulatively, the number of stores open are meaningfully large. But on a Q-o-
Q basis, does it really matter? 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Vijay Jain: 
No. So it is a small part. The other part is the larger one, which is that you have not seen in 
SSSG, right? And because you're not seeing the SSSG, you have not seen that kind of a 
upliftment or the growth which you would typically see. Having said that, when you compare 
with the previous quarters, the last three years, previous quarters, every time there has been 
something different, right? So COVID all the comparisons are futile actually. So there is no real 
past quarter, which you can actually draw back on when you can say this Q1 versus Q4 
upliftment should have been 5% or 3% or 7%. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So what I'm doing, Vijay as a proxy is, I'm looking at Jubilant’ s sequential growth for the years 
before COVID, let's say, FY '17, '18, '19, '20, what has been the sequential uplift in those years 
for Jubilant, assuming that the seasonality trend should not be very different because it's the 
same pizza category? 
Vijay Jain: 
But it would be difficult to comment basically their numbers. What we are seeing internally over 
five, six years, I think the required seasonal upliftment, which we see we have seen this year. 
Last year, as I said, was the year when we came out of the COVID for the first time. And what 
you saw was things really going through the roof. So at least Sapphire doesn't have a data point 
in terms of correlating it and it will be very difficult to comment on somebody else's numbers. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sure, sure. Second question is on KFC. See, while there is a clear sort of consensus that there is 
a very real slowdown in the pizza category overall, nothing to do only with Pizza Hut. But there 
are mixed signals apart from the pizza category. So if I look at McDonald's, for example, they 
have grown this quarter SSG significantly despite a very, very high base of last year, whereas 
KFC, the SSSG is flat. So I'm not able to understand is there any underlying macro trend in QSR 
cuisine other than pizza? 
So pizza, yes, there is a consensus that whatever brand it is, it is seeing a slowdown. But non-
pizza QSR because different companies are showing different results it doesn't seem to be a 
macro-led kind of an issue. It seems to be company-to-company that whatever company is doing 
certain initiatives or measures, they are getting the results of that and vice versa? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
So Percy, we have to look at two things or we have to look at three things. One is SSSG then we 
have to look at overall sales revenue. And then we've got to look at also if sales revenue is 
happening with additional stores has that compromised the quality of earnings. Clearly, on 
SSSG, KFC SSSG is lower than competition. Overall, growth is significantly higher than 
competition. And with this overall growth being significantly higher, yes, it's come through new 
stores. But then the quality of the results has not been impacted and actually, from a restaurant 
EBITDA margin its improved Y-o-Y. 
And again, here, it is much better than restaurant EBITDA of competition. So you're quite right, 
there is an overall macro headwind. Within that, different brands are reacting differently, both 
KFC and Pizza Hut have improved accessibility and therefore, opened a significantly larger 
number of stores than some of the competitors. That will play out in some of our SSSG numbers, 
but still overall revenue numbers are strong. And the -- if per-store ADS does drop, it has an 
impact on perhaps sometimes on -- it has an impact because of operational deleverage on the 
store level EBITDA, as we have seen in the case of Pizza. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Vijay Jain: 
Just to want to add to that because this is something more strategic, which Sapphire is trying to 
play out over here is how do you balance the SSSG and the new store growth over? And if you 
actually try and plot the numbers for us vis-a-vis the competition over the last three years and 
how we have built KFC and how we have gone about the KFC new store growth in line with the 
SSSG. I think we are quite comfortable with 5% to 6% SSSG on KFC as a brand. Yes, right now 
flattish, which is flat at zero. We are slightly lower than our benchmark. But I don't think we are 
any ways vying for that 7%, 8%, 10%, 12% kind of a benchmark for KFC because we know that 
we want to grow the stores by almost 20% to 25% year-on-year. 
And how do you balance that with the SSSG so that the overall brand grows significantly faster 
and without any compromise on profit. So this is actually a difference in strategy, which we are 
playing out KFC. You try and plot the numbers for three years. It has played out really well for 
us. So even going forward, there may be a case when you will see a slightly lower SSSG 
compared to competition who may not want to grow as fast, but I don't think that has to do 
anything with the brand performance. It's more to do with the strategy on how fast you want to 
grow and balance the SSSG. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Got it. Got it, Vijay, and Sanjay. That was very useful. Last question is on the store openings, 
like Pizza Hut now since the last several quarters, has been talking about cannibalization, and 
they are giving actually LFL SSSG, which is LFL growth, which is different from SSSG because 
there is a -- sorry? 
Sanjay Purohit: 
You said Pizza Hut is giving. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sorry, not Pizza Hut, I meant Domino's. So are we seeing any kind of such cannibalization? Are 
we opening stores in the vicinity of an existing store where the store is getting split, so to say, 
either in KFC or in Pizza Hut? And if so, what is the quantum of that sort of happening right 
now? 
Vijay Jain: 
So our pizza hut densification is still no where close to the leading market players. So I don't 
think we are cannibalizing our own sales from another store. Having said that, again, even if we 
get into densification, we'll continue to report SSSG with splits to strategy and like-for-like, we 
don't really understand. So our reporting will continue to be on SSSG. So there is no point in 
trying to figure out what could be the impact of this. First of all, there is no impact because there 
is no split store theory, which we are right now deploying. We continue to expand in new trade 
areas where we don't impact our existing stores. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But do you think that this phenomenon will play out in the coming two, three years, if you are 
growing at 25% kind of thing, do you think that we will sort of saturate in terms of existing -- in 
terms of being able to go into completely new areas? And if so, when is that likely to happen 
two years, four years, seven years? 
Vijay Jain: 
Okay. It's a completely hypothetical one. I'll still try and answer. What we have set out is 
doubling the store count over three to four years, which would translate to a 17% to 18% store 
growth. There could be a year with 25%, there could be a year with 10% store additions. For 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
this particular data point three to four years, I think we are completely confident and comfortable 
that we can open stores without cannibalization of future. 
Moderator: 
Sir, I would like to interrupt if you have further questions, you may come back in the queue. The 
next question comes from the line of Manish Sharma, he's an Individual Investor. Sir, your line 
has been unmuted. All right. We see Mr. Manish Sharma has dropped. We have the next question 
coming from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Just extension of what Percy's question was on the like-to-like SSSG split store having an impact. 
I understand that you said that you are not seeing that impact because of the store expansion in 
our network. But given that, I mean, your peer Devyani has the ability to open smaller size 
delivery-based stores, maybe not in very close vicinity, but in your region. So do you think that 
has had any bearing or that could have a bearing in the coming years because of the deepening 
of their network in your locations? 
Vijay Jain: 
Yes, so, previously, I would have clarified this one. So while Devyani has rights to open in our 
territory, we cannot open in each other trade area. So there is a trade area protection clause as 
per the agreement with the Yum, whereby 8-minute drive time of an existing restaurant 360-
degree of that, you cannot open another store. 
Why 8-minute drive time? It's from order taking time to the -- getting the pizza ready out of the 
oven and handing over to rider. Rider would require 8 to 10 minutes to deliver the pizza in 30 
minutes' time. So effectively, you don't cannibalize the customer. So no two restaurants would 
actually be serving the same customer. Hence, even if Devyani would have opened the stores in 
a territory, but they would not be in our trade area. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. I understand that part, but because of the third-party guys, who can cater to that customer. 
And I mean that kind of -- I don't know, does that restrict your capability to grow beyond? 
Vijay Jain: 
Even if you consider the third-party riders, the aggregators, the customer would actually -- when 
we search for Pizza Hut, the nearest option would come up first. There could be another option, 
which is, let's say 40 minutes or 45 minutes. Typically, consumer would go for the nearest one 
which is the your trade area unless the ratings are really poor, and the ratings of the alternate 
stores are really good. That will be the only differential point. And hence, the entire emphasis 
on customer experience helps us. So there even if there is an impact, it would be very marginal 
or minimal. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So you don't think that has had any bearing on your SSSG in these quarters, last few 
quarters? 
Vijay Jain: 
Not really. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manish Sharma, he's an Individual 
Investor. Mr. Sharma, do you have any questions? It seems no questions from him. As there are 
no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 

 
 
 Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
August 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Yes. Thank you, everybody for taking part in this earnings call presentation. Like I said, in a 
tough environment, I think we have demonstrated our ability to execute well KFC financial 
performance, Pizza Hut, global recognition as being the best franchise in the world. And I think 
while current macroeconomic headwinds might last for a couple of quarters, the long-term 
prospects on this industry and on our two brands continue to be very strong. With that, thank 
you very much. I hope to see you all again next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sapphire Foods India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
