 
 
Craftsman Automation Limited 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
  
 
123/4, Sangothipalayam Road,  
No.1087, 4th & 5th Floor, Krishna Towers, 
 Tel + 91 422 71 610 00 
 
Arasur Post, Coimbatore – 641 407  
Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641037 
fax + 91 422 71 612 34 
 
Tamil Nadu, India 
Tamil Nadu, India 
info@craftsmanautomation.com 
          CIN NO:    L28991TZ1986PLCO01816 
 
 
www.craftsmanautomation.com 
          GST NO:                33AABCC2461K1ZW 
 
28th July, 2023 
 
To 
 
The Manager - Listing,  
The Manager - Listing, 
BSE Limited,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex ,  
Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543276 
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN  
   
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial 
Results for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023; 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and 
outcome letter dated 3rd July, 2023 and 24th July, 2023 respectively, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Monday, the                        
24th July, 2023 at 4.00 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
ended 30th June, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.   
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
Shainshad Aduvanni  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Shainshad 
Aduvanni
Digitally signed by 
Shainshad Aduvanni 
Date: 2023.07.28 
16:41:11 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
Q1 & FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call 
24th July, 2023 
_________________________________________________________________________ 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY 2023-'24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Craftsman Automation Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and Managing 
Director. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Srinivasan Ravi. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everybody. It gives me immense pleasure in welcoming you all for 
the earnings call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2023. In Q1 FY '24, it was a mixed 
bag from the demand perspective with the signs of volume growth moderation in 
some segments, which has shown in the results. Demand largely was intact for 
two-wheelers and passenger vehicles, whereas volumes declined in the 
commercial vehicles because of the pre-buy, which happened to the OBD norms, 
which was pre-buy happened in Q4 of FY '23. And tractors also the volume was 
very muted and because of high inventory for the closing March '23. 
We changed the format for today's discussion with -- we have brought the 
consolidated numbers upfront because it is a materialistic consolidation of the 
subsidiary. So, we will quickly run through the consolidated numbers, then we will 
elaborate on the stand-alone numbers. 
Consolidated financial details. Sales is INR 1,038 crores and it is not comparable 
with Q1 FY 23 because the consolidation of DR Axion was not there. So, I will 
refrain from putting a percentage there. EBITDA also is INR 218 crores, EBIT of 
INR 150 crores, PBT of INR 107 crores and a PAT of INR 81 crores. I am not 
comparing with the previous year. For the simple reason, the subsidiary was not 
there. 
Overall, I want to talk about the consolidated debt equity and other financial ratios, 
consolidated ratios. Debt equity is 0.88 times, debt-to-EBITDA is 1.51 times, 
EBITDA margin of 21%, EBIT of 14%, PBT 10%, PAT of 8%; current ratio of 1.17 
times. ROC pre-tax annualized is 23%. ROE annualized is 22%, EPS is 35.25%. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Now I will move on to the stand-alone financial. Turnover was INR 756 crores, 12% 
over and above the Q1 FY 23, which was INR 676 crores. EBITDA has been         
INR 166 crores, which is almost same as last year, which was INR 165 crores. 
EBIT of INR 108 crores, which is a slightly lower EBIT compared to the previous 
year, there was INR 112 crores, mainly because of two reasons: The depreciation 
which is below the EBITDA line and I will explain that later going forward. PBT was 
INR 73 crores and last year PBT was INR 86 crores, PAT of INR 54 crores versus 
INR 56 crores. 
The other significant points, where CRISIL has upgraded the ratings of the 
company to CRISIL AA-/Stable for long term from the previous rating of A+/positive 
and CRISIL A1+ for short-term from the previous rating CRISIL A1. 
Capex for Q1 FY '24 stands at INR 81 crores to enhance technological upgradation 
as it is required for addressing the emerging opportunities apart from the regular 
maintenance. 
The other financial ratios for the stand-alone debt-to-equity are 0.79 times for        
FY '23, it was 0.72 times. Debt-to-EBITDA was 1.66 times, FY '23 was 1.48 times, 
EBITDA margin 22%, compared to 23% earlier. EBIT margin, 14% to FY '23 of 
15% and Q1 was 17% for FY ‘23, PBT, 10% comparable quarter, PBT was 13%. 
There is a difference year, which I will explain further. PAT of 7% for Q1, it was 8% 
earlier and for the full year, it was also 8%. 
Now I will go to the segment-wise results. Automotive Powertrain segment turnover 
has grown by 10%. Aluminium segment has grown by 21% on the stand-alone. 
Industry Engineering segment turnover has grown by 6%. The Storage business 
generated a revenue of INR 78 crores for the quarter. Automotive powertrain 
segment EBIT was INR 84 crores. Aluminium segment EBIT, which has been the 
highest so far is INR 26 crores for the quarter. Industrial Engineering segment EBIT 
is INR 11 crores. To touch upon the subsidiary, some details of subsidiary, the 
turnover was INR 281 crores and EBITDA was INR 52 crores. 
So, I will leave the floor open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our 
first question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Shah: 
First of all, congratulations to you and all the shareholders for crossing INR 10,000 
crores market cap today. Great performance since listing. Sir, I have a couple of 
questions. Sir, first is, in the quarter gone by, which segment performed above to 
your expectations? And what outlook would you have for the next two quarters, 
given some sort of uncertainty is there in the export market and also CV sales, we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
are nearing expectations that we could be nearing the peak of the cycle. So yes, 
that's my first one. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I will go segment-by-segment to answer your questions. On Q1, we knew earlier 
itself that it will be muted on the powertrain business. Of the four sub-segments in 
the powertrain, we are dominated by the commercial vehicle heavy-duty 
commercial vehicle business, which was muted because of the pre-buy, which 
happened in Q4 for the OBD norms, which was changing at that particular point of 
time. The next biggest segment is the farm sector also was muted because of the 
high inventory and construction equipment also was muted because the 
construction is not recovered fully. Only passenger vehicle was -- it held on its own 
for the Q1. 
So, going forward, we see that commercial vehicle business will pick-up in Q3, not 
in Q2 and it will be quite strong in Q3 is the indication we get from our customers. 
And also, the additional point which I want to make is the heavy-duty commercial 
vehicle is in bigger demand than the upper medium-duty or the lower heavy-duty 
also. So, I think the tonnage is moving up because of the scale and efficiencies, 
which fleet owners are experiencing. 
So, with that, we expect that the growth path will continue on the powertrain as I've 
been discussed earlier, we are expecting a 15% to 20% growth in the year for the 
entire powertrain business as a whole. We expect also construction equipment to 
pick-up in late Q3 or in Q4, at least on this matter. Tractors already is showing 
some signs of not growth, I would say, but coming back to normalcy on the 
powertrain business. 
And the next segment of the aluminium business, as I mentioned in the opening 
remarks, the two-wheeler has been doing reasonably well. The shadow, which is 
glowing on the EV also. I think EV is somewhat stable now on the numbers. It is 
not growing in numbers. So, there is the confusion in the mind of the people to 
whether buy an EV or whether to buy an IC engine vehicle, I think that is more-
clearer now for them. So, we see some stability going forward in Q2, actually some 
growth in Q2 also on the two-wheeler business in the aluminium segment. 
In the passenger vehicle segment, both Craftsman as well as subsidiary DR Axion 
are accelerating on the increase in sales revenue and the order book is quite full. 
So, we will see quite a good traction in both the companies going forward in Q2. 
And then just continue to operate. Of course, Q3, there will be a small correction, 
but Q4 also, we expect very strong performance on the aluminium segment. 
In the Industrial and Engineering segment, which will be more affected by this 
slowdown, which you have talked about or when you are asking the question. We 
don't see any big impact for us for our direct exports, but our indirect exports, I think 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
there is a slowdown a little. And I would say, this inventory correction, which has 
mostly already happened now. And going forward, I think the new products are 
also kicking-in now on our sales. So, we expect that growth to continue. 
Dhaval Shah: 
What were the breakup in industrial & Engineering between storage and high-end 
precision? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Storage, out of the total sales for Q1, it has been 47%, high-end subassembly and 
precision components has been 53%. So, storage has been more affected 
because of the slowdown here everybody has held by capex. But now for the Q2, 
I think the orders are far better than Q1. So, we will expect industrial engineering 
to have some sort of a rebound for Q2 itself. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And on the aluminium segment, if you can share the revenue mix and also 
your comments on the EBIT margin. We are at 13.7%, if I am not wrong, for the 
quarter. So how do you see I mean this should -- I assume this was a very normal 
quarter in terms of the underlying raw material prices. And after we are changing 
our terms with the customer on the pass on. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, I think raw material is a pass through. So now we are -- our operating leverage 
has improved. If you look at even the stand-alone revenue of the aluminium 
segment business, see, I think you are asking your question regards to aluminium 
segment business, right? 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sorry? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Your question is related to aluminium segment, right, only the aluminium segment, 
right? 
Dhaval Shah: 
Aluminium. Yes. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So, I will answer first on the stand-alone. On the stand-alone we had Q1 FY '23 
that is up last year, we had an INR 171 crores revenue, whereas in Q1 of this year, 
it is have been INR 207 crores. And comparatively for just for your reference, for 
Q4 FY '23 it is been INR 197 crores. So, it is very rare that we will have Q1 higher 
than Q4 and this is still accelerating further going forward because new products 
have kicked in. And the passenger vehicle business also is growing in Craftsman 
stand-alone. Have I answered your question on the aluminium product to margins, 
it is nothing related to with aluminium pricing, but more on the operating leverage. 
Dhaval Shah: 
And what is your revenue mix? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Revenue mix for – you are looking at stand-alone or you are looking at... 
Dhaval Shah: 
If you get both on the aluminium segment side, yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The commercial vehicle is 7% and two-wheeler is close to 70%. Passenger vehicle 
is slightly above 3%. And the others, we have around 20% totally, which is a mixed 
bag. But on a consolidated basis, today, the passenger vehicle is the biggest. So, 
it is as a percentage, it is, I think, close to 60%. Close to 65% is just a rough-cut 
number, I don't calculate the number. But on a consolidated basis, that is the 
number for the passenger vehicle. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the capex, so you maintain the same guidance, which you 
gave in the last call of around INR 320 crores, INR 330 crores capex? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, that is the capex plan as of now. I don't expect any major change unless we 
come up with something new, which I don't expect. But the capex, there is a 
strategy behind the capex of Craftsman, I would like to elaborate this. Three types 
of capex is happening. One is the maintenance capex. Our depreciation for the 
quarter is the current run rate is overall INR 58 crores is the depreciation for the 
quarter on a stand-alone. So, I think the depreciation, we look at it at a run rate, we 
look at it around INR 220 crores or something like that for the year, the 
maintenance capex will be INR 150 crores it is quite clear on this matter. 
The balance, I mean INR 170 crores, which we have planned is a mixture of not 
only growth capex, but there is also a little of automation we have considered there. 
To offset the productivity loss which is happening due to seasonality of the 
manpower -- a subject which we are -- every company is subject to. And this also 
will increase our efficiencies going forward and that means capex going forward 
will be more effectively used. 
You might have seen the annual report last year and the previous years, I think 
more or less, we have been just having the inflationary cost on the manpower, but 
the numbers in manpower have not disproportionately increased. So, we want to 
keep the same trend going forward. So, we have always budgeted and earmarked 
some maintenance capex, sorry, some automation capex, which we are mostly 
manufacture in-house and some of it we are going from leaders in the market. We 
are taking their help to see that we use less people going forward for more efficient 
operations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Congrats on good numbers. Quickly, can you share the value-add for the -- each 
of the segments for the first quarter? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Value-add for auto powertrain was INR 237 crores, aluminium was INR 86 crores 
and industry engineering was INR 63 crores. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And INR 86 crores is stand-alone, right, for aluminium? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Stand-alone. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. And for DRA, what would be the value-add? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
INR 104 crores. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. And if I look at the Industrial segment, you alluded that there were some 
slowdowns on the storage solutions. So, do you expect that business to see 
recovery in from second quarter afterwards, is that correct understanding? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, correct. Recovery is going to be a strong recovery in the second quarter. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. But what led to impact in 1Q? Was there any particular orders which got 
delayed or anything in particular? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Normally, capex budget is normally over during the Q4 itself. And if the market is 
growing very well, I think Q1 will some trend would have continued, but this wait-
and-watch policy in general. But I think that is over now. Again, there we are 
continuing to invest now. So, the orders got in a little late in the Q1. It is getting 
received at now. So, we are -- it is fair to say that we are still on the growth path in 
the -- whatever we committed earlier, that 15% to 20% growth path on the Storage 
Solutions also for the current year. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. And how much of this 47% will be effectively automated storage? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
You're talking about the revenue of the automated storage for the quarter? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think, I mentioned that the absolute number of the storage is INR 78 crores, right? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right, that's INR 78 crores, yes. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
So Jinesh Gandhi, I have answered that INR 78 crores for storage solutions, it is 
quite clear that last year, the run rate, I think, even for Q1, we are almost equal to 
that run rate. So, we will be – having -- we are on the growth path. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Would you be having breakup for automated storage in this? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Okay. Automated was INR 19 crores and static was INR 59 crores. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And if I look at the DR Axion performance primary consol minus standalone, 
we have seen a very, very sharp incremental margins obviously, last quarter may 
not be comparable just because it was first quarter of -- it is been under our control. 
But anything which you have changed, which is a structural, which would lead to 
structural improvement in margins? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
You are talking about the Q4, two months consolidated versus the Q1 now, totally? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
1st February, is when this subsidiary was -- the management change happened     
1st February. So now I think, the synergy is playing out between two companies, 
these trends are playing out. There is better leverage on all operational costs, 
including the consumer and other aspects and there is support from our side also 
for technicality, which is also helping the efficiencies going forward. And we have 
also increased, improved our inventory from a very low inventory. So, it is also 
helping us to save on material costs overall. So that we will not be subject to very 
quick changes in the aluminium price fluctuations. It was very low inventory when 
we took over. So, we are having a reasonable three weeks to four weeks inventory 
currently. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. And when we look at the margins in this quarter for DR Axion, we are almost 
close to 18%. Is that a sustainable number in your opinion? Or we will see some 
bit of moderation to back to about 15%, 16%? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Everything will depend on the operating leverage, I would say. I think Q2, it is 
sustainable. Q3, normally, it is not sustainable, for the simple reason that some of 
the customers shut down their plants for maintenance to also correct their inventory 
also for maintenance also. So, but for Q4, I think this is sustainable. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, on a full year basis, what DR Axion should still be doing about 16%, 17% 
margins on a conservative basis? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, correct. On a conservative basis, yes. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And lastly, if I look at the EBIT margins for powertrain business, there 
is a continuous decline on Y-o-Y basis. This quarter was about 21.9%. Is this 
largely to do with the mix of business, or are there something else there? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I want to talk about value-addition. I think value-addition for Q1 of FY '23, it was 
INR 223 crores versus INR 237 for Q4. Sorry, sorry, I think I made a mistake.       
INR 223 crores it was for Q1 FY '23. But marginally, it has increased for Q1 of FY 
'24. So, it is hardly INR 14 crores increase year-on-year. I think this is the main 
reason for the lower value-addition increase. It has been for the EBIT margin to 
reduce. Plus, depreciation has increased by INR 5 crores because of the 
investment. We have higher capacity now. I think that will get absorbed in the 
coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Just wanted to ask a couple of points. 
Firstly, on the net debt level, where did we end in Q1? And how should we look at 
it from the next one year to two-year perspective? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
You are talking about EBIT level? 
Nishit Jalan: 
No, net debt. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Net debt, okay. I think, I will take your next question and then I will give this number 
within a minute or two. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Sure. And secondly, I would assume that last year you had won quite of these new 
orders. I think your annual report also talked about that. Fair to assume that some 
of that will start or ramp-up in Q2, Q3. So, your revenue improvement irrespective 
of industry volumes should also improve quite meaningfully in Q2, Q3. If you can 
give some color on that in terms of segments and all that will be useful. 
And number three, in industrial segment, there was some slowdown, but you did 
mention about some inventory correction at customer end. And if I look at the last 
two, three years' financials, Q1 seems to be a little subdued in terms of overall 
numbers. So, is there some sort of seasonality also involved in this business? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, there is seasonality as I mentioned earlier, the commercial vehicle segment, 
there was a pre-buy. I think that is the reason for... 
Nishit Jalan: 
Ravi. I am asking about industrial engineering specifically. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Okay. On the industrial engineering, I think we didn't have much growth on the 
storage solution for Q1. That is the main reason. Otherwise, I think it was, okay. 
Your earlier question of net debt as of 30th June was INR 1,054 crores. 
Nishit Jalan: 
So, INR 1,054 crores, right? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. This is including the DR acquisition, which has happened the INR 375 crores, 
which we had a payout, this is a stand-alone debt. And so, if you're really looking 
at an apple-to-apple comparison to last year, we have to look at INR 1,054 crores 
minus INR 375 crores. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Yes, I got that. And secondly, on the new order wins ramp-up. Any color on how 
should we see ramp-up of some of the new order wins that we had? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See each customer has got his own timeline for ramp-up and some are going 
through SOP, some are in early component approval stage, some are starting to 
ramp-up. So, I think next year, as the full ramp-up will happen. But in quarter-on-
quarter, we are seeing there will be growth in our sales. That is clear. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Nishit Jalan: 
Okay. And one last question more on the industry level. We keep hearing about 
this China Plus One, Euro Plus One and all. Have you started to see much more 
inquiries or progress in terms of overseas customers or anything that I believe 
should benefit you over the next two to three years? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, quite significantly. I would say that more-and-more in the powertrain business 
as well as in the industrial engineering segment, both are going to get benefit. On 
aluminium, still it is not visible as of today. Yes, the de-risking is happening. But we 
need large capacities to cater to these multinational companies, who are finalize 
the strategy, most of them to have China Plus One. But the point here is, I think it 
was summed-up very clearly by World Bank Chief. I think, I read it on the 
newspapers also last week that is one more location place because we are very 
small in manufacturing footprint as India itself when compared to China. 
So, having said that, I think Craftsman by itself is too small to say that we will be 
able to get the bulk of the business or something like that. But I think even a small 
business increase will -- I mean the sales win will increase our sales quite 
dramatically. But I think, capacities are the key. Without capacities no customer is 
willing to venture out and place orders on Indian supplies. This is the feeling I get 
from the customers I interact. 
Nishit Jalan: 
So, does that mean that we would need to start thinking about more greenfield or 
capacity addition ahead of time so that we are well placed to kind of benefit 
whenever those guys decide to give orders? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
At least the plant should be in place and the customer should have enough 
confidence that we have enough spare capacity currently to absorb the immediate 
requirement and we are willing to invest and grow further because they are also 
pitching their product sales will get affected, if we are unable to supply. And there 
is no point for any multinational OEM to have many small, small suppliers in India. 
I think the consolidation of the supplier base in India also is a very important factor, 
which will play in the minds because the Chinese factories are of mega sites and 
what one supplier in China is catering to say, multinational customer in the US, I 
think even 10 suppliers in India will not be able to cater. So that is also playing in 
the mind of the customers. 
So, I think scaling-up is important, but scaling up -- putting capacity much in upfront 
is not the right idea and not the right way also looking at it. It should be 
simultaneous as and when the orders come up and the capacities are put up, we 
need to be agile in the capacity building. I think the project management skills and 
the identifying the projects and bringing quickly up to production without too much 
preoperative costs or too much lag between the planning stage to the production 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
stage or delivery to a customer. I think this is the most important factor to keep the 
customer and also keep the profitability for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Abhishek from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, the first question on the segment was mix in this powertrain business. How was 
the mix in first quarter FY '24? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Okay. In just a minute, Mr. Abhishek, I will just read out on the powertrain mix. For 
this on the topline, it might be little misleading because still it is not value-addition 
portion, but I will read it out for you. For Q1 of FY '24, commercial vehicle was 58%, 
off-highway was 19%. Tractor was muted at 14% and the SUV business, which is 
the passenger vehicle was 9%. 
Abhishek: 
Okay, sir. And in this quarter, margin has gone down. Is it because of only the lower 
value-addition or you are facing some supply side constraint for I mean to say that 
iron casting and other things? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I will attribute to three factors. The last factor about iron casting. So, I will come 
back to that in a minute. So now coming to that, this was -- our margins were 
affected because both the tractor segment as for the commercial vehicle segment 
led to make the operating leverage lower and we had increased capacities 
investment last year. These are the two main reasons. And then we have the 
second point led to the increased depreciation also for INR 5 crores without any 
top-line growth on the value-addition. 
Then the third point is the earlier question of Mr. Nishit Jalan answering that, on 
the powertrain business, securing new orders from multinational customers for 
their plants domestically as well as for their export requirement and also direct 
exports. I think the bottleneck is very, very clear that there are not enough large-
scale foundries in the country. We are having only 10 foundries, which are medium 
to large scale for these larger critical parts of the powertrain, whereas in the 
smaller-sized foundries, there are many. I am talking about foundries having a 
turnover of more than INR 500 crores on only the casting business are very, very 
few. So, this is also a bottleneck for new orders currently. 
Abhishek: 
So, you are looking to set up your own foundry the medium- to long-term? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We are working with our esteemed foundry partners across the country and we are 
still dialoguing with them for increasing their capacities and what we can do with 
them. Meantime, I think there can be, as I mentioned in the earnings call, that if 
this is going to affect our growth going forward, we may set up some backward 
integration to some portion of our requirement. And we are not looking at large 
capex at that particular point. Yes, we are contemplating it. And I would say that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
this on the cards, see in general, but I think it is too early for me to comment in a 
public forum as of now. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, you have won the many businesses in off-highway vehicles. You had 
mentioned in your last con call. So, if you can throw more light over there, what is 
the progress now? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, we have won quite some reasonable orders in the last quarter on off-highway 
vehicles. And we have quoted for many more projects, which are also likely to get 
finalized in the next quarter, and we are confident of getting the orders. For the 
global requirement of off-highway vehicles, which India by itself is very small 
exporter. We see large potential there going forward. And as I mentioned earlier, 
again, it comes to -- we are ready to expand our machine facility. We also have 
capacities available in the large machine segment also. But we are seeing, again, 
the bottleneck of the foundry casting capacity, which is making our customers 
hesitate to go forward. So, this is what we are trying to crack in the coming quarter 
how to resolve this and get the business. 
Abhishek: 
And my last question regarding your export. So, what is the current export 
contribution? And what is your medium target -- medium-term target for the 
exports? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, just a minute, I'm just reading out the numbers. We had a direct export sale 
for June quarter around INR 63 crores. This is the parts what we export directly, 
but there are other parts like Daimler Brazil and other parts we sell, we give it to 
Nelcast Exports. Brakes India also is doing exports, but we are doing the machine 
-- we are the machine supplier for them. So, all that is not added to this direct export 
sales of INR 63 crores. 
Abhishek: 
Okay, sir. And what is your medium-term target for the exports, sir? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
This is also growing phenomenally, as I mentioned earlier, itself, the order wins are 
going to be based on casting capacity. This is the major constraint we are facing 
now. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. So, you have won the business for the PSA also. So... 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No. That is not the powertrain business. Now I was talking only about the 
powertrain business. On the aluminium segment, yes, as I mentioned earlier, 
powertrain now there is serious potential for export. Aluminium is coming now, but 
aluminium wise, still I am not very confident that exports will increase phenomenally 
because it is a fairly automated process on the high pressure die casting at least, 
where even Europe, they are continuing to have large production capacities. So 
that will follow. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir, I was a bit confused on the DR Axion side, the number last year, which 
was given for full year was about INR 1,000 crores and 14% margin. And you 
mentioned that usually quarter 3 is lower because utilization is lower. And the 
quarter 1 margins looks like 18%. So, the reference should be the 14%, 15% 
margin which you reported last year was the number last year and that's the 
reference number, which should we take forward, or it is the 18% margin number? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think Mr. Jinesh Gandhi of Motilal Oswal asked the same question. I think we can 
moderate at 16%, 17% for the year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And my second observation was in the reported consolidated, there is no 
minority reduction that I see in the P&L? Any reason? I think we have about 75% 
holding, right, in the Axion? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It is 76%, but it is there. I just read out. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
It is given as in controlling, non-controlling interest that was usually, there is less 
minority. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, it is non-controlling interest. That is where... 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. It is reported there. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Just in continuation to your point on some shortage of capacities on the ferrous 
casting side. I mean, are you seeing, I mean, because of this, are you seeing OEMs 
trying to expand the capacity? Because obviously, the large CV OEMs have their 
own the casting and machining, I guess. So how are you seeing them react to this? 
Or do they expect you to kind of expand into these ferrous castings? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Mr. Mukesh, I will answer that one is the size of the casting, whereas I am talking 
about the bigger castings, what is more today, we are getting more inquiries for 
their exports. Hardly 10 foundries are there. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Whether it is only for the export side? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. There are only 10 foundries and three of them are the OEMs themselves. So 
only seven foundries are above INR 500 crores level. That is why the shortage of 
capacity there in certain cases mainly for cylinder blocks and heads, I would say 
there is a shortage of capacity. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Okay. So, you are saying that even including the OEMs, there is that shortages, is 
what you are saying? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes, it is sufficient enough for the domestic market, but for new orders for export. 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Hrishit Jhaveri from Pi Square 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. So, can I know the capacity utilization 
stand-alone basis as well as for the subsidiary? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For a stand-alone basis on the powertrain, we have increased capacity. So again, 
the -- still we are at now 70% level only in spite of the increased sales for the           
FY '23 numbers and Q1 was muted. So, I think Q1 capacity utilization was much 
lower than that also. I think we are just above 60% level for Q1. Aluminium, we are 
now crossing 70% as of Q1. I think there are some capacities capex planned and 
that's already happening. So, I think there also we will increase capacities and we 
will be -- that business is having higher traction now. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
Okay. So and for the subsidiary? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Subsidiary, we have only three key customers there and I think their capacities are 
sufficient to meet their demands. There is a minor capex, which is going on. That 
is not significant enough to discuss, but we are able to meet all their volume 
numbers starting from Q2. 
Hrishit Jhaveri: 
Okay. And you mentioned that our raw material cost is generally pass through. So, 
what is your outlook for the next two quarters, the raw material cost outlook? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think the OEMs have factored in the cost increases last year and their prices is 
what I am given to understand from the news in the public domain. And we have 
passed on all the reduction of the aluminium prices to our customers, where it is to 
the customer's account totally. So, it is the commodities, generally the demand all 
over the world is looking muted, so we expect this to continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from 
BCMPL. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
My first question is around margins in general and specifically to powertrain, right? 
While in aluminium products and I&E, we have seen consistent improvement as -- 
exactly as you have guided for with increasing operating leverage. In powertrain, if 
I were to tabulate EBITDA margins, in FY 2022, it used to be around 35% to 40%, 
and now it is at around 31%, right? 
The reason can be attributed to, again, if I look at value-added as a percentage of 
revenue, it used to be 65% to 70% and now it is 61%, right? So obviously, more 
pass-through and less value-add, so hence, okay. So, my question is, can we get 
back to that 65% to 70% value-add number? Or is it that since your PV or other 
segments are increasing in the mix, 60-plus-percent value-added is the new reality. 
So, I just want to understand powertrain, can we go back to the old 35%-plus 
margins? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The margin, please do not look at the top line and the margins at all going forward 
because we were predominantly a job worker and we were supplied material from 
our customer foundries also. And now that is already saturated. So more-and-more 
business is now coming from we buying the castings from various foundries and 
supplying to our customers within India and outside India. So, the way we look at 
it is the EBITDA margin has to be as a percentage of the value-add percentage 
only. So, if you look at, it will be consistently okay, there can be a slight movement 
up or down, depending on the operating leverage. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
It is actually gone down. Even If I do EBITDA by value-added, last year, it was 55% 
plus. Now it is down to around 51%, 50%. So even as a percentage of value-added 
has gone down. So, is it -- again the question remains, is it because of our mix 
change or hence, this is a new model? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
That 55%, 51% is quarter-on-quarter you're talking about or... 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
So, I'm speaking generally, if I look at the quarters from left to right, in 2022, the 
levels I can see is 55%-plus, all the numbers. But if I see the number in the latest 
quarter and even Q4 last quarter, it is at 50% or 50% to 51%. So around 500 bps, 
it has gone down over the last eight quarters on average. So hence, this tells me 
that probably the mix has changed. Is that the case? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I would not attribute to mix change. I would attribute it to mostly the inflation and 
the increased capacity is what we have built-up, which is yet to be filled in because 
we had quite a good surge in the last two, three years. So, we have added 
supplementary plants adjacent to the existing plants, both at Sriperumbudur as well 
as in Pune as well as in Faridabad. So, these plants, where we are incurring 
expenses, or the capacity utilization is still low and we are sure that it will get filled 
in by Q4 of this year. So that is shaving-off some percentage points on the -- that 
55% to 51% you are talking about. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
The second point is all the costs -- operating costs, there is no chance for price 
increase on the existing products for the machining value what we are doing for 
our customers. So, the biggest is the inflation in wages and welfare. That is one. 
We are nullifying that to certain extent with better productivity, manpower 
productivity as well as some automation. But still, our wage bill is going up year-
on-year. As a percentage also, it is -- we are trying to contain it. 
The second point is all other consumables, whether it is the consumables products 
or also the power and everything is increased. So, the operating leverage, when it 
increases. It can inch back to 55%, as you said. That may happen for one or two 
quarters this year. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Understood, sir. And my last question would be, you mentioned 16% to 17% as the 
steady state DR Axion margin. Can you give me a steady state number similarly? 
I understand top line margins don't make sense. But still, directionally if the value 
add were to remain the same. In the next three, four quarters, what could be steady 
level margins for the I&E segment and the stand-alone aluminium segment? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On the powertrain business, this is the muted quarter, Q2 and as well as Q3 will 
be better and Q4 will be far better. So, I think you can draw a conclusion from that, 
with better operating level, the margins also will improve. Aluminium segment, I 
think we are still on the growth path. That growth path also will add -- not, I mean, 
and the powertrain also will be on the growth path, but if you look at the base and 
the growth overall and at a lower base, aluminium is growing so that the margins 
are getting better observed. That's what I would like to say. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Okay. And in I&E? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I&E, I think the Storage Solutions we will start looking up from Q2 onwards. We will 
end the year somewhat in similar margins as last year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dhaval Shah from Girik Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Sir, my question is with regards to your next leg of capex whenever you plan to 
take it up, what would be the size of the capex required for you to grow on this 
higher base. And B, what will be the debt levels at which you will be comfortable to 
take this big expansion plant? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I want to reiterate from the time of the IPO, I mean, that is FY '21. From that point 
onwards, we are committed to 15%, 20% CAGR growth. There can be some years, 
we will do more. Some years, we will do less, but we are going to grow, that is 
clear. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Now growth on a consolidation number is more realistic to look forward, not this 
year, but I think a year or two later, we have to look at that because cash has flowed 
out of the company overall. That is also curtailing our ability to invest in Craftsman 
itself on this matter. And the cash, if generated by the subsidiary will not be quickly, 
easily, yes. We cannot get it back quickly on this matter, unless it is by dividend 
route or something like that. 
So, having said that, we may have to raise some capital next year if we see huge 
growth opportunities. As earlier mentioned by Nishit Jalan, that China Plus One 
policy is playing out. But otherwise, for a steady growth of 15%, 20%, I think we 
are self-sufficient. We approved it with even the DR Axion acquisition. Our debt-to-
EBITDA stands at around 1.6 times we are comfortable at this level, but I think we 
will move towards 1 times again. 
Again, we have some sort of extra investment organically or inorganically. We may 
again come to 1.6 times because 2 times is the upper limit for any rainy day. So, I 
think we may be operating between 1 times to 1.5 times in the normal course of 
the business. So, with that, I think we are still small in the global scale. So that is 
the reason for my bullish statement of the 15%, 20% CAGR growth, we can 
continue. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Yes. Sir, before going public, I think we had done some sort of arrangement with 
Mitsubishi. Now given this entire China Plus One opportunity size, would you be 
open to doing some sort of a joint venture or a tie-up with a foreign company to get 
technology or some sort of partnership? Your thoughts on it? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Historically, when you look at it, Craftsman, we have got engineering advantage. 
We have come from engineering background and then diversified into auto 
powertrain then also into auto aluminium. And now it is called aluminium products 
because we have merged it with other products. And even the storage solutions, 
we are competing with multinationals also with the indigenous products developed 
announced in-house with our design team. That has been the philosophy. So, we 
may engage a lot of consulting firms, or we may even technological partners only. 
On the shareholding basis, we are not open to having joint ventures by say, 
because there are two things happened. One is our management gets diluted that 
we have to focus on the JV also. There is split of capital from the parent company 
to the JV on this matter. DR Axion is one exception, where it is a running unit where 
you've taken over and we have taken 76% stake and it is already a profitable 
business. And it is exactly in the line of the business and it is complementing our 
business where we are on predominant two-wheelers and they are only into the 
four-wheeler business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
We are predominantly in the high pressure die casting and they are only in the 
gravity and low pressure die casting. So, these are all synergies, which has helped 
us to shore up the aluminium segment. We are looking at further acquisitions in the 
power train and in the aluminium segment also. But we are not open for any sort 
of JV where we will be a minority, or the technological transfer is not complete. 
Otherwise, the technology will be partially done for this particular requirement for 
the current customer requirement and the current product range. And when it 
comes to the next level of upgradation, we have to still depend on the joint venture 
partner for them transfer and at what royalty fees and what technological fees, how 
is it -- I mean, it is unknown. So, we don't want to venture out in unknown territory, 
which will lead to our dilution or erosion in EPS, I would say. 
Dhaval Shah: 
Very helpful. And last question, sir, you always said about your EV strategy that at 
the right time, you will take a call of investing money. So where are you -- I mean 
you -- is that time near, or you are still evaluating any -- what are your thoughts on 
that? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
There has been a step back from at least the European market in a big way. They 
are not banning vehicle production beyond 2035 on IEC whatever they have taken 
decisions earlier, I think it was put to vote and the main three countries are backed 
out on this, putting this proposal to I think, to a firm law, so it is now not happened. 
So, taking a cue from that and also looking at a fine balance between the -- our 
Indian infrastructure as well as the other emerging markets, I think we have a lot of 
headroom to go still on the off-highway vehicles surely for a very, very long time. I 
think two decades or three decades more and construction equipment also in a 
similar manner. Even on the heavy-duty commercial vehicle now the focus is more 
towards hydrogen, H2 ICE engines. That is what is the focus. 
So, when we have so much at room to grow on the particular -- our current strength 
itself, we are starting to focus on off-highway vehicles and construction equipment 
now. And today, it is very small portion of the powertrain itself. As a powertrain it is 
hardly contributing to 10%, 15% of our value-add or revenue on this picture. 
Coming back to passenger vehicles, EV, we feel that by 2035, there will be quite 
some significant percentage in India. But still, the growth in the passenger vehicle 
segment will continue a little on the ICE also overall because the market is still on 
a growing stage. On the EV side, the aluminium content in the vehicle will surely 
has to increase to increase the battery range of the EV vehicle. 
Because today, they are putting a heavier battery or costlier battery is a more 
difficult proportion for the OEM. I think the route will be to reduce the passenger 
vehicle car weight by a few hundred kilos so that the current battery itself will 
increase the range. So, when the new platforms, borne EV platforms come. We 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
are looking at more-and-more opportunities on aluminium content -- the increased 
aluminium content there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mr. Tejas Chipukula Bavani, who 
is an investor. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Bavani: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on your Q1 FY '24 results. I have 
two questions. The first question is with respect to DR Axion, is it possible to get a 
perspective on what will be like the strategy for expansion? Would you be 
increasing the wallet share mostly within the three auto customers with the 
previously mentioned? Or will you start approaching other car makers like Maruti 
or Toyota or even Mercedes automated side BMW, if you want to expand their 
India business and are making strides in the SUV EV space? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Geographically, we are located down the south is a single plant location. And the 
profit margins or EBITDA margins will be based on utilizing the current capacity. 
We still have a reasonable, I think, 20% capacity going forward. And for that, we 
are getting new inquiries from existing as well as new customers. We proposed 
plant of -- our current Korean customer, I think they are proposing to put a plant in 
Pune. We have got the inquiry. We are seriously working with them. And hopefully, 
we will get the order awarded to us. There are other players in the race. But I think 
we are still keeping the same plant in -- for this, the production. And we have started 
to quote for other customers also, whichever new engine programs are coming and 
we are hopeful that we will get the business. 
Tejas Bavani: 
Okay. My second question is, like what are the things that Craftsman is doing in 
order to manage the culture fit between your core Craftsman Automation Limited 
and DR Axion? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I never expected this question, but it is an excellent question. I would say, there, 
the Craftsman until 2004, we were 82% direct export to 34 customers in nine 
countries including Japan, we had of course, we had supply customers -- I mean 
capital goods suppliers from Korea, but Japan was a big export. We are exporting 
in China. Then a lot of countries in Europe and also North America. 
So, looking at that, we are well used to the culture between Europe, US and Asia, 
rest of Asia. And this is standing us in good state to really merge with the new 
cultures, which you need, I mean, not new cultures. I think foreign cultures, I would 
say. We are very, very comfortable to work with. And when the -- our new partners 
or shareholders, or DR Axion and the -- our Korean friends, we are seamlessly 
able to communicate with them and we are able to manage well and hats off to 
them also for their 100% co-operation. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
It doesn't look like a company which is a subsidiary. It looks like Craftsman as the 
day passes. And we are drawing from the Korean strength, which is great 
production culture and also very meticulous on certain aspects of the business and 
very aggressive approach towards both the delivery as well as to for the new 
product development. And never die -- say die spirit on the -- I would say, the 
delivering on time to the customer. 
I think these are the traits, which has made Korea a great manufacturing nation 
and pushed Korea as the number three manufacturers in the world as a passenger 
car manufacturer and we are very happy to be associated with them. I think there 
is not -- never was a challenge to integrate with DR Axion. On the management 
front, I'm talking about, operation front is a different issue. 
Tejas Bavani: 
Yes. That's wonderful, sir. And I just have one clarification, it is in the powertrain 
export business, you mentioned that direct export sales was INR 63 crores. And in 
direct exports also you export like through Nelcast, who take this forward and also 
from Brakes India, right? Because I couldn't hear that? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. See, INR 63 crores is the exports in all the segments put together. But 
predominantly, it is in the IND. And a smaller portion is also in the -- I'll just give 
you a breakup on that. Industrial engineering constitutes of 39% of the export. 
Aluminium is 13% and auto powertrain is only 11% of our export revenue, the 
breakup of the number you saw. 
Tejas Bavani: 
Okay. So automotive powertrain, you mentioned 11%, I&E is 39% and aluminium 
is? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
13%. 
Tejas Bavani: 
30? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No, sorry. I mean I mixed up the number. INR 39 crores was the export for I&E by 
value, sorry, aluminium was INR 13 crores and auto powertrain was INR 11 crores. 
So, our auto powertrain business is negligible, so for export -- direct export. But we 
are tie-up to a listed company in Nelcast, which we are doing well on the export 
front and also to Brakes India, we have tie-up too. So, since Nelcast is a listed 
company, I would not like to comment for that numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajasekar MS, who is an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajasekar MS: 
I just want to know what is the cash in hand with you and with the debt of around 
INR 1,000 crores, how would you please explain how do you manage to repay 
these debts? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sir, I think it is a mixture of working capital, which is not going to be repaid. It is 
only on a rotation basis, around 30%, 35% is working capital. Balance is the term 
loan and the term loan is paid over a seven-year, eight years period, normally. And 
it is for example, for the FY '24, our outflow is around INR 90 crores only towards 
term loan repayment. And last year, our EBITDA was -- standalone EBITDA was 
INR 660 crores to INR 670 crores. This year, our EBITDA will increase by at least 
10%, 15% overall. So, it is a fraction of the -- it is 15% of our EBITDA is the outflow 
towards loan repayment. 
Rajasekar MS: 
Okay. And what is the cash in hand as on date? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
INR 52 crores is the cash on hand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from 
BCMPL. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Sir, in your aluminium division, would you be able to share how much comes from 
EV right now in Q1, for example? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It is not even 1%, sir. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Okay. So, then my question is, this is more out of curiosity. So, for example, in 
Hyundai, you have the new IONIQ model that has come out. There in Kia as well, 
we have EV6, right? And in parallel, we also know that the wallet share with 
Hyundai and Kia IC engines is pretty high, almost 100% for DR Axion, right? So, 
my question is, are we supplying anything to Kia EV6 or Hyundai IONIQ or any 
model in electric platform currently? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
That is to my limited knowledge, I think, I would say on that matter, we have not 
discussed this in detail, but it is supposed to be imported. I think it is continued to 
be imported. But there are India-specific models, which are under design and 
development, I think FY '25 will be the product launch of these companies. And this 
will be born EV vehicles, I would say, but they may be sharing few parts with their 
current siblings in the IC engine. When that comes, we will have a good chance to 
bid for the business, at least. 
I think awarding the business will be on merit. There are other Korean companies 
also in the same region in Chennai region and there are also Indian companies 
were bidding for the project. So, we will see that. Today, the two-wheeler business, 
we are with the two of the top 4 EV manufacturers. But the numbers are very muted, 
and it is not adding any even 1% to our aluminium business currently. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
General question on the light weighting trend. I have been hearing this phrase for 
quite some time now. On ground, not only from an EV perspective, but also from a 
ICE PV perspective, do you actually see new parts being designed or new type of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
orders, which is directly a result of weight reduction of that part of the vehicle. Do 
you actually see that on the ground? 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. I don't want to get into names of parts, but I am very confident now with the 
aluminium price stabilizing below INR 200 on the high-pressure die casting ADC 
12 material and slightly above with the INR 200-odd per kilo for the aluminium 
silicon alloys. I would say and today, aluminium is quite competitive when 
compared to iron and also to forgings in certain cases, it makes a lot of sense for 
the new platforms to have more aluminium going forward, surely for the EV and 
also for ICE. 
So, there was no change in the requirement, the platforms are continuing for 
decades together on the same platforms, only the model mix was changing and 
new vehicle launches are happening, but the new platforms are not developed by 
many of the OEMs because there is no necessity in the Indian market. But now 
that is happening. But that because there is a structural change in the way they 
need to build the car, when they have to build it with aluminium. So, it has to be 
ground some car the platform at least. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question of our question-and-answer session. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and 
Managing Director, for closing comments. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you everybody, for patiently listening to the call and thank you for all your 
support. We as Craftsman stand committed to our shareholders in our growth 
journey. Thank you very much once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of raftsman Automation Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
_____________________________________________________________________________________ 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
 
