 
 
 
August 07, 2023 
 
 
 
Sub.:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on August 05, 2023. 
 
This is for your information & Records. 
 
 
For PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanchay Dubey) 
Company Secretary 
 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533581 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: PGEL 
Sanchay 
Dubey
Digitally signed by 
Sanchay Dubey 
Date: 2023.08.07 
10:06:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
   
 
 
“PG Electroplast Limited 
Q1 FY’4 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 05, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:   MR. VISHAL GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR, FINANCE        
– PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR OPERATIONS 
– PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAMOD GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                
– PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL (INDIA) 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PG Electroplast Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by PhilipCapital India Private Limited. During this call, the company 
may make certain forward-looking statements based on the currently held beliefs of the 
management of the company, which are expressed in good faith and in the management's opinion 
are reasonable. 
The forward-looking statements may involve risks, unknown risks, uncertainty and other factors 
which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of the 
company or industry to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements represent only the company's current intentions, beliefs, or 
expectations, and any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this call on which 
it was made. The company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking 
statements. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak 
Agarwal from PhilipsCapital India Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of PhilipsCapital India Private Limited, I 
welcome you all to PG Electro Plus Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings Call. Today we have with us 
management represented by Mr. Vishal Gupta, Managing Director, Finance, Mr. Vikas Gupta, 
Managing Director, Operations and Mr. Pramod Gupta, Chief Financial Officer. Without taking 
much of time, I will hand over the floor to the management for their remarks, post which will 
open up for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. Thanks. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Thank you, Deepak. And thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for spending your 
valuable time and joining this call today. Hope all of you are doing well. I'm joined on this call 
by Pramod Ji, our CFO, and Vikas Gupta, MD Operations. Hopefully you have gone through 
the results presentation. And the first quarter of FY24 has been actually another strong quarter 
for PG. With good growth over last financial year numbers, despite headwinds of weather and 
lower commodity prices. 
Sales grew around 26% and they have crossed INR676 crores, with product business leading the 
show with a 65% share in the revenue. And EBITDA increased by 78% and stood at INR67 
crores and net profits rose 106% with INR33.81 crores. Product business crossed INR441 crores 
this quarter, with room AC business contributing INR383 crores, which is a 53% growth on a 
Y-o-Y basis. The washing machine business was flattish, mainly because of lower commodity 
prices. It was – we saw around 7% year-on-year decline in that. 
Order book for product business remains robust, and the company is on track to scale the product 
business significantly in FY24. Our new product offerings in washing machines have received 
good response and companies continue its investments in new product platforms across different 
product categories. The company is focusing its efforts towards developing platforms that help 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
it maintain cost leadership while also strategically investing to achieve product leadership for 
specific models. 
Company continues to see increased interest for business from new and existing clients and we 
remain very confident on the future growth prospects of the business. For FY24, we are 
reiterating our guidance, which stands as our sales guidance will be minimum INR2,800 crores, 
which is a growth of 30% over FY23 numbers and operating profit guidance of at least INR210 
crores, which is again around a growth of 28% over FY23 numbers. The growth in product 
business, which includes washing machine, room air conditioners and air coolers is expected to 
be around 43% from INR1,341 crores to around INR1,920 crores in this financial year.  
Capex guidance for FY24 is in range of INR170 crores to INR180 crores, and company is further 
expanding room AC capacities by setting up a backward integrated AC manufacturing plant in 
state of Rajasthan. And we are also expanding our PCB assembly facilities for REC controllers 
in Supa, and we are setting up a similar facility in our Noida factory also. Our company has also 
entered into a 50-50 joint venture with Jena India to manufacture LED televisions. Now 
company has an access to Google OEM license and we will start manufacturing Google certified 
LED TVs and other products also in the future. 
The JV company has already started setting up an integrated TV manufacturing facility in Uttar 
Pradesh and which we are very hopeful will be operational by the end of this financial year. 
With this now I will hand over the call to my colleague, Pramodji, our CFO, to elaborate on the 
financials. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Hello and good morning everyone. I'm sure you have seen the financials and details already. Just 
to touch upon them, we had a very solid quarter, first quarter in many aspects. The net sales grew 
26% despite a sharp drop in commodity price and headwind due to unseasonal rains. Operating 
profit has grown at 84.3% to INR64.2 crores and net profit rose 106% to INR33.81 crores. 
During first quarter, operating margin improved due to lower commodity prices and operating 
leverage. 
More importantly, on balance sheet, we have decreased the debt by INR54 crores in the first 
three months of this year. This was largely due to the good operating profit and also decrease in 
the working capital. We are, as promised, we are on track to control our working capital in FY24. 
And this is a working capital optimization is one of the major focus areas for the company this 
year. 
Our focus on improving working capital efficiency and overall capital efficiency has started 
bearing fruit now and as you can see on trailing 12-month basis companies RoCE has improved 
to 22.8% and RoE has improved to 24.9% on a TTM basis. Net fixed asset turn for the 
consolidated entity today stands at almost 4.5x. I want to highlight here that we want to deliver 
industry-leading growth with best-in-class return ratios in coming years, and with our new 
partnerships that we have formed, we aim to be a significant player in the consumer electronics 
industry as well. With this, I'd like to open the floor for question and answers. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Koushik Mohan from Ashika Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, I have a basic question on the gross 
margins. This time you have shown a very good set of gross margins and you have a great 
number of numbers. Sir, I have a basic question on the gross margins. This time you have shown 
a very good set of gross margins and you had a great number on the sales also. I just wanted to 
understand is it this margins are sustainable on the gross level? 
Management: 
The gross level margins on a quarter to quarter basis depend upon the mix of the business. This 
quarter the product business did well and the contribution of electronics business which is 
typically a low margin was low at just 7.5% of the revenue. So if this mix continues like this, 
the revenue mix continues like this, then probably the margins are likely to sustain, but at the 
gross contribution level. But however, we see a seasonality in the business. 
 
Typically quarter two and quarter three have a high contribution in the electronics business. So, 
and product business, especially the AC business has slightly lower contribution, especially in 
the quarter two. So the margins may vary depending upon the mix. Nonetheless, we are hopeful 
that we will be maintaining our gross contribution margin in a narrow range. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it. So because of gross margin, you had an operating leverage and every other margin on the 
downstream has shown a growth improvement. So on a PAT level basis, what is the sustainable 
margin on a longer term basis? 
Management: 
We don't actually track on the part level margin because they are outcome of actually track on 
the PAT level margin because they are outcome of things which are not in our control especially 
like other income and some of the money which we get from we will be getting in future we 
have yet not accounted in the form of PLI and the state government incentives etc which we 
have yet not taken into account but we think that 3.5% to 4% without the incentives is probably 
something which is sustainable over a long term period. If the mix of the business remains what 
it is today. If the mix changes, then obviously this margin will change. 
Koushik Mohan: 
All right, sir. So then my next question is on, you have mentioned that there has been an debt 
reduction. So basically, the fund has flown through the internal accruals? 
Management: 
Yes, all have come through internal accruals only. This quarter, if you will look at our balance 
sheet closely, you will realize there has been a significant reduction in the working capital, both 
in inventories as well as the receivables. We have reduced our payables also, but coupled with 
the solid operating performance and reduction in working capital, we have been able to reduce 
debt despite giving some advances for the expansions for the machineries and the plant, which 
we have ordered for all the three facilities in Supa, Bhiwadi as well as some joint venture 
investment which we have started making. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sure sir, thanks for that sir. Can I go with another one question sir? 
Management: 
Sure, please go ahead. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sir, my question is on any update on the TV business side sir, what we have in the last quarter 
that we have spoken about? 
Management: 
The joint venture agreement actually got finalized just two, three weeks back, but nonetheless 
we have already finalized the place where we want to put up the capacity. We have leased close 
to 2 lakh square feet space in Greater Noida and we have started ordering the machinery. Most 
of the machine orders have been finalized and for some advances also have been given. We hope 
to start the facility by end of this year. And it will be one of the largest facility in North India, 
having more than a million TV manufacturing in a single location. 
Koushik Mohan: 
So sir, this revenues for this division will start flowing from next year, is that my assumption 
correct? 
Management: 
See, the revenues will not get consolidated with PG Electroplast because it's a 50-50 joint 
venture, but the profits will get consolidated at the bottom line, half of the share of the profits. 
But nonetheless, this business should scale up very significantly over the next couple of years in 
our opinion. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it. Sir, how about another update on Rajasthan, one of the plant? So you are expanding there 
also, right? 
Management: 
For Rajasthan, we finalized the leased facility about three months back. The advances for the 
facility were given that time itself, and now the construction is going on a full-fledged basis. A 
lot of progress has been made on the land. We are hopeful that by December we should be able 
to start production, but let's see how the progress goes on. The plant and machinery has been 
finalized and we have started issuing the purchase orders for the plant and machinery. Some 
advances have been given and most of the advances will be released by next week. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it. I'll come back in the queue, sir. Thanks for the help. Got it. I'll come back in the Q&A. 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from BCMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
My first question is with regard to your AC volumes, vis-a-vis the secondary retail offtake from 
the months of May to July. So, on a yoy basis, the reason I'm asking this is because your growth, 
your volumes were quite stronger than the end market, which actually declined in Q1, as we 
have been hearing in other calls so should we expect a strong impact on our volumes over the 
next couple of quarters so is that a logical assumption? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Well not really one thing that you have to appreciate is that we are still small, our base numbers 
are still small. Second thing is that  we are a contract manufacturer and we work for several 
brands, so some of the brands which we work with have gained market share and they have done 
well and they have seen a decent growth. Third thing which I want to highlight here is that, you 
know, there is a narrative in the market that probably industry has done pretty badly. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
From whatever internal estimates we have, we think probably industry has not seen a very good 
growth as was envisaged probably in the month of February, March. But for sure, in our opinion, 
the industry has not seen a decline. There has been a lower growth probably because if you look 
at the industry closely, out of the top four players, three top players have seen very decent growth 
in the even in the month of April, May and June. And one of them is a public listed company 
which has already posted its result, the other two have made public a statement which is LG and 
Daikin. 
And we know several other brands and some of the other e-commerce players and modern retail 
players with private labels, have seen a growth in the industry during this period. Nonetheless, 
we do know and we do understand that April and May were a slow month for the industry, but 
as per our understanding, June and July have been okay and industry has, in general, seen some 
reduction in the inventory levels. 
Management: 
I will add to what Pramodji is saying. So secondary sales were a little better in the months of 
June and July and overall the trade channel inventory is quite normalized right now and we are 
not seeing any major drop in the volumes in next two quarters if we want to see on a Y-o-Y 
basis. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Got it, got it. That is absolutely clear. Thanks for that. Secondly, I was looking at your, so I've 
heard your comments on the margins and you explained it by mixed change. I want to ask a 
specific question with regard to your other expenses. So if I see last quarter it was around INR30 
crores, last year same quarter INR26 crores and now it's INR21 crores. 
So is this also explainable because of mix change or something else has happened, some cost 
improvements and should we expect for example next quarter if you report the exact same 
revenue but let's say electronics was a higher share, would these other expenses have been a 
much higher number or is there a sustainable improvement? 
Pramod Gupta: 
No in the other expenses there are there a couple of things obviously some part of it's a 
sustainable we have been working on cost control especially on the power side as we have been 
highlighting in the past that, today a lot of our power is actually being sourced either through 
the captive solar power generation or through the group solar power, which we have been 
investing in the last couple of years. 
And that has led to power bill being almost flat year on year, which is the largest component of 
this other expenses. Apart from that, last year in the first quarter we had a loss on the forex of 
about INR2.5 crores, which is a part of that and which actually increased the other expenses. 
This year actually we had a gain on the forex side of about INR2.5 crores so there's a INR5 
crores swing from that side which has come from minus 2.5 to plus 2.5. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Got it, understood, understood. And one last question from me with regards to your guidance. 
Obviously you have maintained your guidance. I just wanted to understand as we move over the 
next six months towards the end of FY ‘23, what are the risks you expect or what are the things 
or factors you are keeping a tab on which could pose a risk to your annual guidance? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
We don't see any major risks into this. There might be, you know, general risks, but you know, 
the way government is trying to ban imports of a lot of things from other countries. So, we have 
a very high dependence on imports from countries like China. And it is true for the whole of the 
AC industry and the consumer electronics industry. So, we have to be very watchful on those 
things. But other than that, I don't see any very specific risks to the guidance, but we are shared 
with the people. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gnyan Thakar from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Gnyan Thakar: 
Congratulations sir for a very good set of number. Sir, I would like to get an update on PLI 
benefits. When can we expect the PLI benefits will start flowing to the financials? 
Pramod Gupta: 
So, what has happened is that we are eligible for the PLI benefits of the last year, but government 
has still not opened and finalized the formats and application for claiming that PLI. Once they 
open the forms and open the website where we have to claim, lodge our claim, and once our 
claim is lodged properly and we get an acknowledgement that is the time when we will start 
accruing or we will start taking the PLI into the accounts. 
So we are hoping that to happen probably sometimes in the quarter 3 or quarter 4 this year and 
that is the time we will be booking the PLI benefit. We hope to get the PLI benefit probably in 
the fourth quarter but once the application is lodged and we get our confirmation that is the time 
we will start booking. 
Gnyan Thakar: 
Sir, with respect to your investment in the JV company, how are we trying to fund the 
investment? Will it be through debt or maybe you are trying to raise fund or internal accruals? 
Pramod Gupta: 
It will be largely through the internal accruals. 
Gnyan Thakar: 
Sir, can you just give a color like how much will be the investment? 
Pramod Gupta: 
In the first phase, we hope to do about INR10 crores to INR15 crores of investment. That will 
be largely going into the plant and machinery. Land and building as I told you has been leased. 
So we are not spending any money on that. 
Gnyan Thakar: 
And it will be funded through PGEL's holding company if cash will be going direct? 
Pramod Gupta: 
PGL own funds will be used which is going to come to the profitability this year. 
Gnyan Thakar: 
Yes sir if you just allow me two more questions are there. Yes sir correct me if I'm wrong we 
have a TV business in the company right now, which is an assembly business, right? Yes. Will 
that business be shifted to this JV company or this TV business will be run independently? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Vikas ji, can you take this question? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, so that the current TV business will be moving to a JV company. So that's the plan. So as 
we are targeting a much bigger volume of TV business going forward in a JV company, so that's 
how we'll be trying to focus and concentrate our resources there. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Gnyan Thakar: 
And sir, the guidance which you have given of INR2,800 crores, no. Okay, okay, I will get back 
to queue now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, sir. Good morning, sir, and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So just wanted to, 
you know, understand from this JV for the TV with, what is the status of client additions? Where 
are you seeing traction? And when do you think that the business will start off and we can start 
seeing the revenues etcetera coming through? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Vikas Ji can you please take this one? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Yes, so I'll take this question. So basically, as Pramod Ji has already updated, we have already 
taken a building on a long-term lease basis in Greater Noida and we have already ordered the 
equipment plant and machinery. So that machinery should start arriving into our facility by end 
of November or December. And we should be starting our trial production by month of January, 
February. So, we are already working on client addition. 
So, as you know, we are already doing a TV business in our parent company. So that will also 
get shifted to that JV company. So there'll be a client coming from the existing parent company, 
and we are already in discussion with quite a few new clients and that should start ordering with 
us in next two, three months’ time. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So what will be our capacity, sir, out here to start with, and what do we expect in FY ‘25, since 
that will be the first year of proper operations what kind of volumes can we expect there and this 
would be all on ODM right for TV? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So Bhoomika I would say like we are targeting this business to be a ODM business only but we 
will not be shying away from the OEM category also in case we are able to get an opportunity 
or doing a OEM business also, we'll do that also. We are installing a capacity of almost around 
1 to 1.2 million TVs per annum there. And in the first full year, we are targeting a volume around 
300K to 400K. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay, got it. And you're, obviously, I mean, are we looking at any backward integration in terms 
of the PCBs or any other aspects of the business to drive a little better kind of margin profile? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So we already have our SMT lines in a parent company, so we will be utilizing that to service 
our TV business in a JV company. Going forward definitely we will look at the steps of 
backward integration where we might go for localization of molded parts and the sheet metal 
parts which goes into televisions. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay, got it. So the other thing is in washing machines clearly because of the weak demand you 
know the first quarter was impacted. Now how are we seeing the kind of scale up as one moves 
ahead in terms of demand trajectory etcetera? And here if you could kind of just help break down 
how is you know the semi-automatic and the fully automatic kind of performed and the client 
additions within each of these segments, please? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Vikas Gupta: 
So Bhoomika, in case of washing machine, definitely the first quarter was not that robust or as 
we expected, but now the kind of clients that we have with us, and there were certain hiccups in 
the first quarter for starting the mass production of one of our clients that have already been 
sorted and we already started doing the mass production. So the kind of forecast that we have 
from our clients, we are quite confident that we should be able to achieve a growth of almost 
around 35% to 40% in our washing machine category in this year also. 
And regarding the breakup of semi-automatic and fully automatic, right now the fully automatic 
is still a very small part of our overall washing business. That should be around 10% of the 
overall volume and the value. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. And when you're seeing the scale up from in the washing machine segment on the semi-
automatic side, that is coming from like, in-house shifting to us or another EMS shifting to us 
or just because market is obviously not growing at this rate, or is it some import substitution or 
exactly what is driving this kind of shift to us and growth for us? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So for us Bhoomika basically it is a mix of both the things like we have been able to add quite a 
few clients in our washing machine business and secondly we are also seeing a increased 
volunteer from existing clients as well. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. And just lastly, if I may just squeeze in a question on the AC part of the business. Now 
clearly, I mean, you know, we've done very well because we've scaled up a lot of in terms of the 
wallet share, etcetera. Despite the industry being weak. Where do you see this year kind of, 
there's a lot of talk that the festive season should be better off by some of the brands that they 
are looking at. Are you seeing that traction and momentum in terms of your client conversations 
as well that they're expecting this kind of improvement and what kind of annual industry growth 
are you anticipating here? 
Vikas Gupta: 
Vishal, will you answer this? 
Vishal Gupta: 
See, the festive season typically is a low season. So I don't think that it is going to change the 
needle much for AC. So it is not going to change the needle a lot. So our sense is that, you know, 
first six months of the season, which starts typically from February, March and not till now, has 
seen a very low single digit growth or probably flat for the industry as a whole. And even if the 
industry does well in the second half, which will start sometime in January, February, March, 
which is the three months, four months, probably we will see very low single digit growth for 
the industry. This is the first part. 
I have no clue of, actually I'm not an expert on the industry, but we hope that industry should 
see a growth given the penetration and all those things which are there. And more importantly 
now, even the new construction and new house construction is becoming good and a lot of 
launches are happening across the top cities. ACs are purchased, so hopefully that should also 
add to the demand in the coming years and coming months. 
Coming to our volumes, we think we should be able to do on a revenue basis at least 40% to 
45% growth this year also in the AC business on a full year basis. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. Great. I'll come back in the question queue. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from PhillipCapital India 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Hello, sir. Sir, any plans on PCBA and semiconductor PLIs, IIT hardware PLIs? 
Management: 
We have already, Vikas, Yes. 
Vikas Gupta: 
So in our daily company that we have established for TV business, we have already under the 
process of filing our application for IT PLI 2.0. So that process is already on. So we are going 
to participate in that. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay, sir got it. And sir, any key and anchor customer for Google TV plant? 
Vikas Gupta: 
I don't want to talk about these specific lines there. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay, sir. Any kind of volume or margin which we can expect from that plant? 
Vikas Gupta: 
So as I told earlier also like, we are putting up a capacity of 1.2 million TVs and in the first year 
we are targeting a volume of around 400,000 TVs. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Couple of questions. One 
is on the working capital itself. If you could help us understand what would be the individual 
receivable inventory and payable days, because I mean, we've had 55 days of receivable last 
year, and even FY ‘20 was similar. Where do you see this heading? And similarly, if you can 
help us understand for inventory and payday? 
Management: 
See, this year our target is to actually improve the working capital and reduce the working capital 
days by at least 10 days to 12 days on an overall basis. See, this is typically a low season because 
the major working capital actually goes in AC, especially because of the imports and the client 
payments also are stuck because of the high season, which is there in the February, March month. 
We think, nonetheless, this year, on a full year basis, we will be able to control both the 
receivables as well as inventory better. Because on the receivable side, we are going to be taking 
a lot of steps to control the receivable days, we are doing, making sure that we do not give extra 
credit and also talking to our clients to give us some good credit terms so that we can control 
that. 
On the inventory days, we are localizing a lot of our components from local sources and as we 
have been saying the ecosystem is developing in the country for a lot of components in the AC, 
which we were till now importing and this will be an incremental process and that will actually 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
help us reduce the inventory significantly over the next two years to three years. This year is 
going to be our first major year where we should see improvement in the inventory days. 
So that should lead to, on an overall basis, about 10 days to 12 days is what is our internal target. 
And if we are successful on that, then our overall inventory and receivable days on a year basis 
should actually see a marginal decline or at best, in the worst case, they should actually be flattish 
from last year. So, despite a top line growth, good top line growth this year that we should see. 
So, that is what is our target internally and we are very hopeful with the whatever progresses we 
are making in terms of choosing the suppliers and tying up the suppliers etcetera, and also 
whatever deals we are now doing with our clients where we are looking at solutions so that we 
can get our money early. So those things we are very hopeful that this year we should be able to 
manage our working capital. 
I cannot pinpoint exactly right now, how many days of receivables or inventory will be there by 
year-end as of now, but this is a target internally and a lot of progress is being made on many 
aspects. More colour on this, I will give you probably sometime in October, November once the 
season starts. Once my terms get finalised and my sourcing also gets finalised to large extent, 
then how much I will be sourcing from China and how much I will be able to source from India. 
But a lot of progress has been made by the team this year on those things. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Understood. So the target of 10 days to 12 days, I mean, so 34 days of cash conversion cycle 
can come down to 24 even by the end of the year. That's what you're saying. 
Management: 
Last year, I'm saying. From last year, not from current season. You see, today, right now, it is 
already a low season. See, typically, the… 
Pulkit Singhal: 
No, I'm talking about FY ‘23 end. FY ‘23 end, you had 34 days cash conversion cycle average 
that you are targeting to be closer to 24. But the benefits, I mean, would should continue as you 
said because of localization. Is it largely giving you benefit this year or do you think next two 
years, three years also the inventory... 
Management: 
Continue. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
It will continue. Okay. And the PLI benefits, if you could state what the quantum could be 
annually like, this year and next year and is there anything which is factored in one key? 
Management: 
We have not factored anything on the PLI or the state government benefits till now in this year 
or last year or even current quarter also, last quarter also. We will be taking the PLI benefits only 
once we are able to successfully lodge our application. If government has not yet started the 
process only, for the last year's PLI benefit, government has to open the and actually decide on 
the forms and everything which is yet not finalized. Once it is finalized, we apply and our 
application is accepted. That is the time we will actually build in into the financials the PLI 
benefit. This year we are supposed to get INR15 crores, which is for the last year and for next 
year we will be getting INR30 crores of PLI benefit which will be for this year. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Understood. And the benefits of this I mean, you would be partly passing to the customers is 
that already happening as a quarters or it will only happen once those benefits come to you? I 
mean how does it work? 
Management: 
The pricing arrangements what we have with our customers are irrespective of the PLI benefits. 
So whatever pricing arrangements we already have with them, it is already -- there is no PLI 
benefit which we have to. Once we get that money, then that will straight away flow into our 
balance sheet or profit and loss statement. We need not share any part of that with our customers. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Understood. Lastly, the quarterly, I mean other expenses, even if I adjust for those factors of 
forex, on a Y-o-Y basis, it's still flat, like INR23.5 crores, whereas your revenues have grown 
27%. So I mean, I understand you mentioned about power costs being flat, but then this would 
suggest every other cost is flat. I'm just trying to understand what has changed because you are 
also investing in newer facilities, etcetera. Have you thought that this would have gone up? 
Management: 
So, right now, whatever new investments are happening in new facilities for that manpower 
recruitment process has just started. So those things will start getting reflected in coming 
quarters. But as far as I will tell you that there has been a very strong focus internally from the 
management side to control overall expenses and in order to ensure that we have to try to attain 
or maintain our cost leadership across our different product categories. So there is a very strong 
focus from the company side to control our expenses. And it has been supported by all this, you 
know, forex, games, everything, as Pramod ji has already stated. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Koushik Mohan from Ashika Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sir, I got my answer. Thanks for the opportunity.  
Management: 
Okay, Kaushik. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sriram R, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sriram R: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have three questions. One is, can you give the revenue breakup 
for your product division for FY ’23 and Q1 and FY ‘24? 
Management: 
Yes, I will just share that with you in a minute. You can in the meantime come up with the next 
question. 
Sriram R: 
Okay, my second question is, what is your market share in terms of contract manufacturing for 
AC and washing machines? And like, five years from now, is it safe to assume that your product 
division would still contribute majority of the revenues, as it perform today? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Management: 
Sir, for contract manufacturing, it is very difficult to give you any number that what kind of 
market share we have. But I can assure you one thing from our side, that we are seeing a healthy 
growth across all our product categories in contact manufacturing. Some of the players are listed 
and some of them are not. And so it is very difficult to give you any accurate numbers on that. 
But we are seeing a healthy growth in this. 
And to your second question that for next five years, see, there is a very strong focus from a 
company on the product segment. Today, maybe ACs, washing machines, air coolers, and LED 
televisions is one area where we are focusing. And as Vikas has told you that we are applying 
for IT hardware PLI 2.0 also in our JV company. And we are trying to have some business in 
that category also and in next few years, whenever there are any new business opportunities 
coming up in product category, we will be looking at them also.  
Sriram R: 
And sir in your earlier calls, you have mentioned that you are number two in terms of washing 
machines. So, I am coming from there. So, basically where is your third player and where is the 
first player in terms of revenue gap? How much is it? Just trying to understand where we are in 
the washing machine space? 
Management: 
I think as per our understanding Dixon is a leader in the contract manufacturing for washing 
machines and we are a distant second. The gap is quite large. But in the next two years, three 
years, we are hopeful of closing that gap also.  
Management: 
Thank you for your question. In the last year financial year, the AC business was 1,040, washing 
machine was 262 and 38 crores of coolers. This year, first quarter, the number is 383, 54 and 
about 4.8 crores in the coolers.  
Sriram R: 
I'm just freezing in one more question. I think your earlier call, you mentioned that you're 
planning to launch front loads also. So, where is that, I mean, when can we expect you to do 
that?  
Management: 
Now, sir, we are launching top-load fully automatic washing machines and we are studying the 
front-load washing machine category also. We are doing market research on that. Maybe next 2 
months, 3 months we will be able to take a call on that and right now we are going ahead with 
adding more platforms. We already have two platforms in fully automatic top-load washing 
machines, but we are going to add two more platforms in full auto top-load machines. 
Sriram R: 
Thank you so much. All the best. 
Management: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Warje, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. Yes.  
Mahesh Warje: 
Hi, sir. I was listening to a call of one of your competitors, and he mentioned that it is the 
component business in AC where the real profitability is and the whole unit profitability or that 
business perhaps doesn't have as much future. So, could you comment on that?  

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Management: 
See, we don't want to comment on the competition strategy. But our experience in the past on 
the component business has been that because of the low asset turn and high capital intensity, 
that business does not actually merit any capital investment. And  there is no case for making a 
capital investment and on the standalone component business as of now, our working still 
remains the same. We keep on evaluating but it's very difficult to make money in RoCE terms 
or RoE terms in the component business in our opinion.  
Mahesh Warje: 
Okay and the second thing that I came across in the same call was that the trend in the AC 
business is more insourcing than outsourcing and which is why the focus there has shifted to 
component side. So would you comment on that please?  
Management: 
Sir, actually, some of the brands are going to have insourcing, given their commitment in PLI 
and they are going to put up their factories or expanding their factories. But to clarify, this PLI 
is on the components, not on the finished goods ACs. So, all those companies, whosoever are 
going to do insourcing, they will be making components also in-house.   
But having said that, our company has a very different strategy to grow our AC business and we 
have a very large focus on the future growth drivers like large format retail and e-commerce 
guys and then there is a very long tail of brands in India there are more than 40 brands in India 
in the AC market and out of that maybe 25 to 30 of them don't have any manufacturing facilities 
and their numbers, annual numbers are maybe ranging from 50,000 to maybe 200,000 or 300,000 
where it is not economically viable to set up their own manufacturing facilities. So, we are trying 
to target all those long tail of brands for growth for our company.  
Mahesh Warje: 
Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amber Sighani from Nippon Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead.  
Amber Sighani: 
Hello, Yes, hi sir. Thanks for taking my question. Just two things from my side is one, you 
mentioned that you'll be applying for IT hardware PLI. So, if you can just elaborate a bit on for 
which products you would be planning to use this PLI as such and what are our plans there? Will 
it be a component or would it be a pure complete product per se like a laptop or tablet or anything 
as such, if you can give some color on that? 
Management: 
So, we are just exploring the opportunities. We are in touch with some of the clients and as of 
now we are not able to provide any update on that. So as in, when we are able to form up 
something, we'll come back to you.  
Amber Sighani: 
But for this we would be needing some partner or we have capability to go on our own?  
Management: 
So as of now we are applying for this IT PLI 2.0 in our JV company, where our JV partner, Jaina 
India has some experience regarding the distribution of the IT hardware products. So, we will 
try to use that. Going forward, maybe we'll get into a partnership with one of our clients. So, 
right now it will not be prudent for us to disclose any information on that.  

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Amber Sighani: 
Okay and secondly just to reiterate the previous questions on volume and PLI on the other brands 
per se. First part is on the room AC side when we are seeing the top brands are also setting up 
their own manufacturing facilities or expanding their facilities as such. I understand there is a 
long tail of brands, but those will always remain a fringe brand as such. The larger growth will 
only come from us 5 brands, 6 brands collaboration as such.  
So in the event of those expanding capacities in-house, do you see that our strategy of focusing 
on the fully built unit itself will have any risk in future on that line, that is one. And secondly, 
on the TV side, as one of the participants asked that the industry is not growing much per se. So, 
on that account of this new capacity, which we are setting up, how are we seeing to this getting 
utilized? Do we have any firm commitment or any firm orders on the onboard business?  
Management: 
Vikas, I will answer this,  for TV, you take this question. For RAC, basically we have a very 
different take on this whole thing. You know, the top brands are adding capacities. I fully agree 
with you and I just give you an example if you see 4 years, 5 years back what was the market 
share of the top four brands in the TV market / LED TV business or  LED TV industry and what 
is their market share right now.  
We understand sir that whenever there is a product commoditization happening, then the 
consumers will stop paying premium to those brands and there will be mushrooming of new 
brands. And with this ease of distribution, with this LFR and e-commerce players coming in, so 
there is a lot of mushrooming of the small brands. And let me tell you, these brands are nothing, 
but these are the price points.  
When the products are getting commoditized, we believe that there will be a very strong focus 
on the kind of cost leadership you can offer to your customers and let me tell you outsourcing is 
always in India. To start with, the focus is always on the entry-level products where at some 
time if you see the companies like many companies who are doing their own in-house mobile 
phone manufacturing, LED TV manufacturing, washing machine manufacturing, are 
outsourcing entry-level products to the contact manufacturers.  
So, this is not going to stop, sir. This is in fact going to increase with the increasing competition 
because the kind of cost structures what we can offer to the brands it will be very difficult for 
them to match those cost structures especially for the entry level products where the competition 
is very intense. Vikas about TV you can answer please.  
Vikas Gupta: 
So, television I see like the market is like in case of televisions, almost 70% of the quantity that 
is being sold in India is outsourced. And if you see there are very few large contract 
manufacturers in TV category. I would say there are only two large contact manufacturers. So, 
we see a lot of scope for a third player especially in North India. So, we have certain clients, we 
are already in discussion with them and we are quite confident of the numbers that we are talking 
in television business. So, that is already there in pipeline. So, we will be exhibiting that.  
Amber Sighani: 
Got it. And lastly, if you can just share volume numbers for room AC and wash machine in your 
product versus for FY23 and Q1 vis-a-vis last year? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
August 05, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Management: 
Can we take it offline? I do not have those numbers in handy and we will share, get it -- we'll 
reach out to you and give it these numbers to you.  
Amber Sighani: 
No problem. That's fine. Perfect. Thanks and all the best for the future.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Management: 
Yes, thank you everyone for participating in the call. I just want to highlight that we are focusing 
on capital efficiency and we are committed to have a leading industry growth with best-in-class 
return ratio in the sector and we as a team are working towards that. We hope to maintain the 
leadership, cost leadership, and we will be investing in the product leadership for the specific 
models and products in the coming years. With this thank you all.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
Management: 
Thank you everyone. 
