 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited,  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Corporate Relations Department 
Exchange Plaza,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code : 532875  
 
 
Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Intimation of the Earnings Conference Call for Investors and Analysts held on 
August 03, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of Analysts and Investors 
Earnings Conference Call on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2023, held on Thursday, August 03, 2023.  
 
The said Earnings calls transcript is also available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.allieddigital.net/in/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/ADSL_Q1_FY2024_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf 
 
Request you to take the same on record. 
 
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_________________________ 
Nehal Shah 
Executive Director 
DIN: 02766841 
 
NEHAL NITIN 
SHAH
Digitally signed by NEHAL 
NITIN SHAH 
Date: 2023.08.09 14:55:37 
+05'30'

 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
August 3, 2023 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour and 15 minutes 
Management Attendees 
• 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Executive Director 
• 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
• 
Gaurav Agrawal – Nine One Capital 
• 
Jyoti Singh – Arihant Capital Markets 
• 
Narendra Khuthia – RoboCapital 
• 
Rajesh Agarwal – Moneyore 
• 
Nikhil Oswal – Finterest Capital 
• 
Soumitra Joshi – Individual investor 
• 
Deepak Poddar – Sapphire Capital 
• 
Piyush Mehta – Caprize Investments 
• 
Karthik – HCL  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 27 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allied Digital 
Services Limited Earning Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may enter star and one on touch-tone phone, to remove 
yourself from the queue please enter star and two. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you.      
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you Yashashri. Good morning and thank you for joining us on 
Allied Digital Services Limited's earnings call for Q1 of the Financial Year 
2023-24.  
 
We have with us on the call today: Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD; 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Executive Director; Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO and 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Mr. Nitin Shah will begin the call with an overview of the Company, Mr. 
Nehal Shah will then cover the recent evolution followed by Mr. Paresh 
Shah who will cover the operational performance and key 
developments during the quarter. Mr. Gopal Tiwari will then walk us 
through the financial highlights following which we shall open the call 
for the Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer 
to this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have 
been shared with all of you earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nitin Shah for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Nitin D Shah: 
Thank you Mayank. Good morning to everyone. Thank you for taking the 
time to join our earnings call, which is being conducted after a sizeable 
gap. I trust that all of you have had a chance to review our earnings 
documents which were shared earlier including the investor 
presentation which was shared yesterday.  
 
For those of you not very familiar with the Company let me share a brief 
background about Allied Digital. Allied Digital is a globally acknowledged 
managed service provider and Master Systems Integrator, catering to 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 27 
customers in over 70 countries. Our diverse range of services includes 
Workplace 
Management, 
Infrastructure 
Management, 
Cloud 
Enablement, Cybersecurity, Integrated solutions to Smart Cities and 
Software services. We specialize in assisting Enterprise Customers with 
efficiently managing and integrating their IT systems, ensuring they are 
perfectly aligned with their unique business requirements. 
 
Allied Digital's inception was way back in 1984 and it was led by me and 
my late brother, Mr. Prakash D Shah. It was a modest journey that we 
started by providing support for mainframes. Since then, we have 
undergone what I refer to as the six different phases of our evolution. It 
is six different times that the Company has taken a new path. 
 
This is a sixth path which is a very interesting path which we say 
’Disruption Driven’. It has seen us gear up the organisation with skills 
and capabilities that are future ready, placing us in a position to leverage 
emerging technologies and cutting-edge Services and Solutions to our 
clients. Our Service capability matrix has been richly enhanced. 
 
Further, we are driving a holistic transformation programme across our 
business. This will elevate processes, practices and approaches across 
our entire operations. This transformation will cover areas such as 
human resources, service governance, customer relationships, 
corporate 
governance 
and 
overall 
stakeholder 
relationship 
management. We will look to improve our ratings as an employer of 
choice, raise our position as a vendor of choice and seek to be more 
transparent in our disclosures.  
 
The Company is aspiring for continued growth and substantial scale. Our 
teams are seeking larger contracts with marquee customers as we 
deepen the service offerings.  
 
With this brief overview, I would now like to handover the call to Mr. 
Nehal Shah who will give a brief about the evolution.  
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. I will now talk about the services 
we offer or as we like to call it as our Service Capability Matrix which 
includes a wide range of services, which are thoughtfully combined to 
cater to our customers' diverse needs. Drawing upon the expertise and 
capabilities of our specialized teams in Cloud Enablement, 
Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Management, Integrated Solutions, 
Software Services and Workplace Management Services, we ensure that 
each project receives the required skillset for successful execution. 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 27 
 
We understand that each customer's requirements are unique, and 
demand tailored solutions. Hence, we carefully integrate the 
appropriate building blocks from our Service Capability Matrix to create 
personalized and effective service offerings. By doing so, we guarantee 
that our customers receive the best possible solutions that align with 
their specific goals and objectives. Our commitment to excellence drives 
us to continually refine and adapt our services to deliver unmatched 
results for every client we serve. 
 
Starting from this financial year, we have restructured our offerings into 
two distinct categories: Services and Solutions. Under the Services 
bucket, we focus on providing continuous, long-term support to our 
clients. These services are of an annuity or recurring nature, with clients 
engaging in ongoing contracts to receive consistent and reliable 
assistance. On the other hand, under the Solutions category, we deliver 
one-time implementations tailored to address specific needs or 
challenges faced by our clients. These projects could include 
transformative initiatives, upgradation projects or setting up 
infrastructure at new locations. 
 
We derive 75% of our revenues from global customers through our Rest 
of World operations which are dominated by our presence in the North 
American Market through our subsidiary Allied Digital LLC. Around 25% 
of our revenues are from India where we serve Enterprise customers as 
well as Government customers.   
 
Now, I would like handover to our Global CEO, Mr. Paresh Shah to share 
key insights about the operational performance and key developments 
during the quarter. 
Paresh Shah: 
Thank you, Nehal. A very good morning to everyone. I will now briefly 
take you through the operational performance and key developments 
during the quarter. 
 
During this period under review, we are pleased to announce that we 
have successfully booked new orders worth Rs. 100+ crore for our 
services, which entail three years of contract revenues. This 
achievement highlights the trust and confidence our customers place in 
us, solidifying our position as a reliable and preferred partner for their 
ongoing services and solutions needs. 
 
Let me list you some of the key wins this quarter: 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 27 
• 
One large Insurance company in India has taken our services 
contract for their 3 Data centres and Network services 
• 
A well-known US based real-estate company in New York city is 
taking our support of enterprise services 
• 
A very large agriculture product company with retail outlets all 
across south India, we are going to manage their end user devices 
as well as their enterprise services 
• 
A large central USA airport is going to be managed by us as a critical 
infrastructure. 
 
I also want to share with you some exciting news that seven top retail 
brands in the USA are signed up for using ADiTaaS for their IT service 
operations. 
 
Additionally, I am very excited that our pipeline is very strong which has 
a positive momentum which we are experiencing with a robust growth. 
The increasing number of potential opportunities only indicates a 
growing interest in our offerings and demonstrates the value we bring 
to our customers. We very much are remaining optimistic about our 
ability to capitalize this positive traction and further enhance our market 
presence. 
 
As we move forward, we are committed to upholding our commitment 
to service excellence and customer satisfaction, delivering high-quality 
services that exceed expectations. Our dedicated teams and 
comprehensive solutions continue to drive success for our customers, 
as we look forward to even greater achievements in the future. 
 
Now I would like to handover to our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Gopal 
Tiwari to cover the financial highlights for the quarter under review. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Thank you Paresh bhai. I will now quickly cover the financial highlights 
for the quarter under review. 
 
We delivered a consolidated revenue of Rs. 169 crore in Q1 FY24 as 
compared to Rs. 153 crore in Q1 FY23, showcasing a growth of 11%. 
EBITDA for the quarter grew by 28% on a year-on-year basis, at Rs. 18 
crore in Q1 FY24 as compared to Rs. 14 crore in Q1 FY23. EBITDA margin 
stood at 11% as compared to 9% in the corresponding quarter last year. 
PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 9 crore in Q1 FY24 as compared to Rs. 7 
crore in the corresponding period last year, higher by 20%. 
 
Now coming to some perspectives to share regarding our performance 
for the quarter: 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 27 
 
First is on revenue growth – We have seen the India Business grow by 
70% on a y-o-y basis. However, Global business which accounts for more 
than 75% of revenues was soft this quarter. We anticipate activity levels 
to resume in Q2 and expect further contract wins and a ramp up in 
delivery in the coming months.  
 
There has also been a factor of revenue mix at play where we have seen 
billing for smart city projects rising and this contained a high proportion 
of implementation revenues. As implementation largely comprises 
material supply, the margin has remained stable compared to Q4 FY23 
but has improved from 9% to 11% on a year-on-year basis. We are 
confident that revenue mix will improve further through the rest of the 
year leading to an improved margin profile.  
 
Allied Digital maintains a strong and healthy balance sheet position. We 
are a debt-free entity, on a net debt basis reflecting our prudent 
financial management and stability.  
 
Moreover, we have carefully managed our capital expenditure, resulting 
in no major CAPEX spends during this period. Additionally, we hold a 
cash and cash equivalent position of more than Rs. 66 crore, which 
provides us with the necessary liquidity and flexibility to meet our 
operational and strategic requirements. 
 
With this solid financial foundation, we are well-equipped to seize 
opportunities, invest in growth initiatives, and deliver sustainable value 
to our stakeholders.  
 
Now I would like to handover to our Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. 
Nitin D Shah to share his views on our outlook and the strategic 
initiatives underway. 
Nitin D Shah: 
Thank You Gopal. You have heard from my colleagues about the exciting 
developments at Allied Digital. 
 
Moving forward, we recognize the tremendous potential that arises as 
digitalization continues to permeate every aspect of business and on 
everyday life. We have strategically chosen to focus on smart cities, 
cloud migration, cybersecurity services, fortified by our NOC/SOC 
capabilities from offshore/onshore and nearshore locations, as well as 
expanded multiple language support. These areas are poised for 
significant growth, presenting us with abundant opportunities. 
Additionally, we anticipate substantial prospects in the manufacturing 
solutions domain with industry 4.0 taking center stage. 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 27 
 
This phase marks a critical turning point for our organization, and we 
anticipate a robust and profitable growth trajectory from here on. We 
extend our gratitude to all stakeholders who have played a vital role in 
empowering us to reach this point, and we remain committed to create 
value for all stakeholders. 
 
We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter star and one 
on touch-tone phone, to remove yourself from the queue please enter 
star and two. Participants are requested to use handset while asking the 
questions. Ladies and Gentleman we would wait for a moment before 
the question queue assembles.    
 
We have the first que stion from the line of Gaurav Agrawal from Nine 
One Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
First of all, congratulations for starting to do these calls. We have also 
started submitting our presentations to update us on the business. Thank 
you so much for sharing these details. Coming back to your quarterly 
performance and long-term outlook on the Company. First of all, sir, Q1, 
this particular quarter, it has seen a very high increase in the employee 
cost. The run rate has gone from Rs. 26 crore, Rs. 27 crore to now Rs. 35 
crore. If you can elaborate what explains this rise in employee cost? Is it 
like you are doing some kind of upfront cost recognition, the fruits of 
which you intend to have in the future quarters? And if yes, what kind of 
future revenue do you see on a quarterly basis or on a yearly basis? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Gaurav, coming to your first part of the question about increase in 
manpower cost this quarter. That increase is mainly on a couple of 
counts. First of all, this being the first quarter of the year, generally our 
revisions happen across the board. A considerable portion of this 
increase is towards revision of the overall employee cost. Apart from 
that, there was a second reason that during the quarter, we had 
informed earlier also that we have missed out certain opportunities in 
the US market. A couple of big accounts which were supposed to be in 
our kitty, we did not get that and a couple of renewals also did not 
happen. But however, having said that, we had a pool of talent ready for 
those projects which we decided to continue. We decided to continue 
with them, and we chose to make them sit on the bench for their 
deployment in future since we are having a good pipeline of good 
contracts supposed to be in our kitty. So, we kept them on the bench to 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 27 
be utilized in those projects. That could be a couple of major issues. 
Because of that, you can see the employee costs have increased from last 
quarter to this quarter. And what was your second question? 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
My question was on the sustainable revenue run rate and also the follow 
up on the employee cost. This quarter has been Rs. 35 crore. This Rs. 35 
crore is recurring the run rate, or it will come down from Q2 onwards? 
Any idea on that? And then on the revenue trajectory. 
Paresh Shah: 
This Rs. 35 crore that we talked about is almost recurring, but it will be 
still less because there was some increase, as Gopal mentioned. We may 
even have a dip on that. The reason is we will make sure that we will be 
utilizing them in some projects, or we may be also looking at letting them 
go if there is no other opportunity on that. I see that as a kind of a peak. 
I do not think it would be more than that. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Sir, on the revenue run rate, any guidance for FY24-25? What sort of 
quarterly run rate do you see for Allied Digital? 
Paresh Shah: 
Usually what we see, we really track it on a yearly basis because our run 
rates, as you see, we already got new orders of Rs. 100+ crore this 
quarter. We are doing very well, and even if you compare it with last 
year's quarter, we are doing pretty good. We have a very robust pipeline 
and I see there is no issue to basically see how the revenues are not 
growing. Definitely we see an extremely positive trend going on. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
And in the past, we have been growing at the rate of 26%. Year-on-year 
basis CAGR in the last 4-5 years is 26%. That is on a year-on-year basis we 
have been performing. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Any number that you want to share with us for FY24 on revenue growth 
and on the EBITDA margins? 
Nehal Shah: 
Generally, we do not intend to give numbers out. What we say is that we 
go through our past performance, and we are in the same line. We feel 
that we will be able to do that. At the size of our Company, if you see 
with the turnover and our top line, the large deals that are there in the 
pipeline, if some of them get clicked, the whole revenue recognition will 
change at a complete uptrend. And we saw that happening in the last 1 
or 2 years also. And in future also, with the pipeline that we have, we feel 
that that should also grow at a steady speed. 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 27 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
I wish you all the best for these large deals, and I hope that you continue 
to do these quarterly con-calls so that we investors can get updates 
directly from you. And hope to speak to you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant 
Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, as an earlier participant asked for the margin guidance and revenue 
guidance, my question is on the similar side, but if you can give us some 
light like when we are expecting, it will be a better number and better 
growth going forward. 
Paresh Shah: 
As you see, the markets are much better this quarter also and we have a 
very good pipeline. We see some very large deals also, as Nehal already 
mentioned. I see a very positive trend and we want to make sure that 
year-on-year, as we grow 20% to 25%, this trend should continue and 
maybe even exceed expectations. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, on the Smart City side, we are doing it only on the domestic basis or 
we are also doing on the international basis? 
Paresh Shah: 
That is a very good question. While we were doing a lot of domestic 
business on Smart Cities, we have also opened up to do business across 
the globe. And we are making a huge positive trend in the US markets 
also, where we are taking up large opportunities as a Master System 
Integrator. That is another big funnel that we are creating. And I am very 
excited to tell you that that is also going to be a big growth factor for us. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Narendra Khuthia from 
RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Just a few questions. One is regarding your order book. If you could share 
the outstanding order book and the timeline for its execution, that would 
be helpful. 
Nitin Shah: 
There are 2 types of orders booked. One which we already booked the 
order. At the beginning of the year, as you know that we have almost 
about Rs. 1,700 crore IRR that we have booked already to be executed in 
the next 3 to 4 years. And what we are doing is we keep working on 
getting new clientele and most of this new clientele that we get, be it in 
Smart City or Infrastructure Management or Cloud Migration, these are 
all generally 3 years average contracts. So, whatever we will keep getting, 
it will not only increase our current revenue, but also increase our long-

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 27 
term earning also for the next 3 years. I think that is a good model that 
we have created because everything is culminating into annuity business.  
 
For example, Cloud, when we do consulting and migration, it gets 
culminated into Managed Services for the next 3 to 5 years. When we 
talk about Cyber Security, just doing the posture, understanding the 
current posture and giving them the upgradations on their Cyber 
Security, we implement those technology and again manage 24x7 hours 
for the next 3 to 5 years. That's again an annuity business.  
 
The Smart City, of course, is 5 years. Every project that we execute, we 
land up into supporting them under operations and maintenance for the 
next 5 years.  
 
When we talk about Workplace Management which we have been doing 
pretty well across the globe, most of them are 5 years plus kind of 
contracts. What we need is a breakthrough into a new large client and 
that will make our pipeline very healthy. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Is it safe to say that once you get a Solutions client, it somewhat converts 
into a services client going in the future? Would that be right? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes, absolutely. You understood quite good. We have 2 types of things. 
One is, as Nehal mentioned, we do service contracts which are definitely 
3 to 4 years, 5 years contracts. The other aspect is when we do Solutions, 
as Mr. Nitin Shah mentioned, that gets converted into Service contracts 
also. We have a very strong order line for the next 3 years. All these new 
businesses are just augmenting our existing order line. So, what you see 
is add-on revenues coming on top of our already booked orders of close 
to Rs. 1,700 crore right now we already have. For the next 3 years, it is 
already a committed business. We are talking about new business, 
augmented business, on top of these. 
Nitin Shah: 
I would put it this way that every solution that we deploy, it is always 
100% culminated into multi-year contract. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Are we doing anything to expand our margins? Or are we happy with the 
current yearly levels of margins? 
Nitin Shah: 
What happens when we onboard the client, generally, all that is 
happening at a time when we get the business under competition, we 
have to charge them as a winning proposition, a good kind of proposal or 
price point. But constantly our endeavor is to optimize our cost. When 
we start looking into the costing, we believe at least 4% to 5% minimum 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 27 
that we can increase the margin by optimizing the cost for the next 5 
years. 
Paresh Shah: 
Also, I would like to add that we have a close eye on how to improve the 
margins. As you know, we have the ‘ADiTaaS’ platform which is our own 
intellectual property. We have also another one ‘FinoAllied’. As I 
mentioned in my operations report, 7 big US brands have also taken 
ADiTaaS platform signed up. That's a very big margin platform because it 
sells complete licenses for long term and that is gaining big traction. And 
when we bundle that with our services, it only will enhance our margins. 
That's the kind of a big differentiator we bring. 
Nitin Shah: 
That's a big lever for us to increase and enhance our margins. Our own IP 
ADiTaaS, which is ITSM platform and conversational banking, i.e., 
FinoAllied, which are our own IP. And definitely that will also boost over 
a period of time in future our margins. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from 
Moneyore. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Sir, how is the working capital days this quarter? What was the number 
of days for the working capital? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
The working capital days, basically, we have improved quite a lot on that. 
It is now hovering around 95-96 days of working capital cycle we have 
achieved now. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
This quarter also it was 95 days? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
And going forward also, it will be 95 days? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
It will be lower than that. As per the industry norms, it will be around 90 
days. 
Nehal Shah: 
Just to add to what Gopal is stating, generally, the Government clients 
and the other clients that we have, we have a cycle of billing them 
quarterly. That's the reason that we have to have that kind of investment 
that we need to do. But most of the time, whenever the billing is done, 
we get our payment. But because of the investment for the first quarter 
or the quarterly payment that we get, that is the kind of timeline that we 
are looking at. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Apart from the Government contracts, what is the normal working 
capital cycle? 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 27 
Gopal Tiwari: 
In private enterprise also, generally it is quarterly basis only. It is mostly 
90 days. Sometimes it is monthly also, but mostly it is 90 days in private 
enterprise business also. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Did you mention that you have an order book of Rs. 1,700 crore or 
something like that? 
Nitin Shah: 
Yes, we have already booked exactly Rs. 1,700 crore to be executed in 
the next 3 to 4 years on an annuity basis. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Any amount on the bidding pipeline, how much orders are in the 
pipeline? 
Paresh Shah: 
There are a couple of very large deals. If I look at that, the pipeline is very 
healthy, and it can easily go into millions. But I am not going to give you 
the exact number because we have a very strong pipeline is what I can 
right now comment, and we may kind of even overshoot. But today as 
we look at this, we are sitting on a pretty strong healthy pipeline. It is just 
a matter of time that they may convert into very large deals. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Any timeline when we do hope to close the deals? 
Nehal Shah: 
Rajeshji, on the order book, what I would want to also add to this is that 
while the order book is there for Rs. 1,700 crore that we have already 
booked and we are going to be billing it for the next 3 years, the thing is 
that there are a lot of customers that are still ongoing with us and there 
are renewals also happening time and again and there is additional 
business that we get or what we call in our parlance as farming of 
additional business in the existing customer accounts. All of that is not 
accounted for in this number. Absolutely in terms of the top line, the 
increase is going to be very good. I would not want to just say or give a 
message to everyone stating that Rs. 1,700 crore is the only order book 
that we are looking at. There are certain other things that are also being 
added to it on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 
And second, from the order execution perspective, we feel that most of 
these orders that we book are generally booked for a period of 3 to 5 
years, which are renewable for another 3 to 5 years. That's how the cycle 
works in our industry. When a customer is taken into, the margins in 
probably the first 4 or 6 quarters is typically less because we are investing 
a lot of our energy and money and time into knowing the customer and 
having the services delivery put into account. But as time goes on, we 
keep on improvising on our costing and our margins.  

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 27 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
This quarter, how much employee cost increase was due to the normal 
increment or the bench strength? Can you quantify that? 
Nehal Shah: 
Generally, we typically try to keep 10% of our employees on the bench 
for future projects and training and upskilling. That's the kind of bench 
strength that we would be having. The overall amount Gopal would be 
the right person, but what I have understood is that about 50% of that 
has gone in the bench and 50% is gone for the increments that we have 
done for the yearly revision. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
How much average increment we have given? 
Nehal Shah: 
The average increment is about 7% to 8% that we do across the board. 
Nitin Shah: 
I would like to add here. We have much lesser attrition compared to 
industry standards. We have 2 types or sets of people. One is core team; 
other one is non-core team. Core team, hardly any attrition that has 
taken place. Almost like 0%. 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Sir, this will be the run rate for the employees quarter on quarter? 
Nehal Shah: 
Employee cost, as soon as the people on bench become billable to us, 
the cost will be moved to the other head under direct cost and that is 
how we will be able to manage. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
That will be compensated against the corresponding billing. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Oswal from Finterest 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and also for starting this concall. It is really 
useful for the investors to understand the business. My first question is 
that we have seen a 100% growth in Solutions business in this quarter 
when I see the segmental revenue breakup. And just to understand the 
marginal breakup between Services business and Solutions business, if 
you can help with that. 
Nehal Shah: 
Typically, yes, you are right that this quarter we have seen a jump in the 
solutions business. The reason for that is that last year, we had won a 
couple of projects under the Smart City, 5 cities we won: 3 cities in Punjab 
and one in Lucknow and another in Solapur. What was happening is 
generally the timeline for deployment of these projects are about 8 to 9 
months and most of the billing for CAPEX or any Solutions that we deploy 
at the client site happen together. And that's the reason that we are 
seeing a lot of jump that has happened in the Solutions business this 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 27 
quarter. Typically, from the margin perspective, whenever we are billing 
for the solutions business, typically margins are little lower than the 
annuity business because most of our margins are recovered over the 
period of 5 years when we do operations and maintenance for these 
clients. I hope I have answered your question. 
Nitin Shah: 
What happens is when we are bidding, especially for the Government, 
we have a fear we may not be L1. Here, you need to have a very 
compelling solution, technical score also has to be higher compared to 
your peers, and definitely we are concerned about the cost, because then 
only we can win. There is always a margin pressure in terms of acquiring 
a client. But once we acquire a client, we know how to improve our 
margins. Initially for the first year for every Solution, because of 
competition, we might not earn as much as we earn subsequently in the 
next 5 years. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
At a blended level, if you can quantify what levels are we going to sustain 
margins going forward considering the growth that will come? If you can 
give some guidance on numbers. 
Nitin Shah: 
We are extremely cautious. For us, the EBITDA margin is a lever, actually. 
We keep constantly watching that. We are not desperate in terms of 
getting any and every business where there are no margins or the 
customer is not the right one, where our money may probably get stuck 
or something. Having said that, we are very carefully growing, cautiously 
growing. And the margin is something it has to be as per our expectation. 
Otherwise, we will leave the business. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
Anywhere around 14% to 15% we will be able to sustain which is the 
blended levels that we did last year? Are we going to outperform that? 
Nitin Shah: 
We are very optimistic and hopeful but a huge amount of effort that we 
need to put in. But I think a very strong lever is our own IP, i.e., ADiTaaS 
and we are going to give this year a lot of boost onto that. And the new 
emerging technology will be extremely high once it is getting adapted in 
terms of conversational banking, the FinoAllied that we have created; we 
got several awards on that. These are all margin boosters actually. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
As you mentioned earlier in the previous question that you are aiming to 
grow at 20% to 25% year-after-year. Previous year, we clocked around 
Rs. 660 crore of top line. So, I think this year, we will be able to achieve 
our 25% growth. Because in the Q1, we could not really see that kind of 
jump in the performance, so in the coming few quarters, are we 
confident of catching up ahead? 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 27 
Nehal Shah: 
I would suggest that rather than looking at our organization from quarter 
on quarter, we specifically would want you to look at us as year-on-year 
growth. While I understand that generally the typical idea is that if I have 
done Rs. 168 crore top line this quarter, most people would want to just 
multiply it by 4 and come up to a number. But however, that is not the 
case because as the year progresses, quarter on quarter we get 
additional business. We keep on billing them; we get additional revenue. 
So, we see that the growth is going to be absolutely there, and we are on 
the right track, and our strategy and our guidance is also going to be 
matched. 
Nitin Shah: 
We, being in the Service industry, especially, I have spent 47 years only 
in the Service industry, we always believe in under talk and over-deliver. 
And when the guidance also, we give very cautious guidance. So, if you 
would like to know about our guidance, I think 20% looks to me very very 
clear. Whatever that we get upside, that you will see at the end of the 
year. At the same time, quarterly results you cannot multiply by 4 
because there are certain seasonal businesses. And especially in 
enterprise, beginning of the year, the spending is not very high in the first 
quarter; the last quarter is very high. We have gone through the quarter 
which is not the kind of quarter where the spending is more. So, you will 
see next quarter may be bigger. I am just guessing. And that's how we 
have been seeing a trend for the last 17 years. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
One last question. I just want to understand, once we complete our order 
book with one client, post that we have to start the annual maintenance 
for them, right? What is the percentage of that, the total percentage of 
revenue, for maintenance that we charge to our clients? 
Nitin Shah: 
When we talk about Services business, it is 100%. On the contrary, we 
get additional money in terms of doing a transition from the old service 
provider to the new service provider. There is a one-time cost that we do 
in the form of transition. However, that business which is a Services 
business is 100% revenue for the next 5 years. And more than that, there 
might be some change request which keeps coming. Every year, the 
customer would like to do some changes and spend money. All that will 
add up onto that. But when it comes to Solutions, it is in the beginning 
we have CAPEX on that many times. We first design, architect, deploy, 
integrate, customize. There is a phase where we earn money through 
Solutions. But the best part is that every Solution we do culminates into 
Services business for the next 3 to 5 years. That is again 100%, but it is 
not the same amount what we did in the beginning at the time of 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 27 
solutions deployment. I hope I could make sense to you. Services 
business is 100% renewal. 
Nehal Shah: 
Just to add to it, what we are trying to say is that in any Solutions business 
that we get, typically in the Government scenario, 30% to 35% is 
something during the CAPEX investment that we do and about 60% to 
65% is something that keeps on going for the next 5 years. That's how 
typically, broadly, most of the projects are broken up. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Soumitra Joshi, an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
First of all, thank you for organizing this concall. It is really helpful for us 
investors to understand our organization better. I have basically 2 
questions here. I will begin with my first question which is a little 
backdated to the last quarter. We had done away with the hardware 
business of our Company. I understand it is a low margin business plus 
maybe the synergies were not there and hence we wanted to do away 
with it, but what I want to understand is what was the quantum of that 
business and what is the impact of that business in terms of our margins 
going forward? Because it was a low margin business, obviously it would 
have been hurting our margins. So, would it have a significant impact on 
the margins going forward? That's the first question. 
Nehal Shah: 
To answer your question, what we have done is, typically while we have 
said that we have stopped completely doing hardware business, but 
organically in the organization, we had slowly already stopped doing 
business for the last 3-4 years. So, typically from a future perspective, we 
do not see the margins being impacted anywhere.  
 
Margins though at the time that we were at our peak, we were doing 
50% Product and 50% Services. That was about 8-10 years back, but after 
that, we slowly decided that the margins are low. We typically play no 
role in doing any kind of box pushing. OEM decides the price. It is fixed 
with the customer. We just play an intermediary role in transferring 
those assets from the OEM to the client. There were no additions or no 
add-ons that we were doing.  
 
Typically, that business was done to enter and get into a new customer 
account. However, when we realized that this is not giving the kind of 
margins that we are intending to go for and it is not sitting with our 
growth targets, we decided to completely come out of that business. So, 
to answer your question again, in the last 3-4 years, we have almost 
stopped doing this kind of business and we, going forward, do not intend 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 27 
to do any product business. And from a margin perspective, I see there 
will not be any much dip or any changes in the future as well. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
I was not asking from a dip perspective. I was asking more from the 
perspective of since we have completely done away with the low-margin 
business, do we see a positive impact of that coming in subsequently on 
the margins of the Company going forward. Would it bump up the 
margins rather than bumping it down? 
Nehal Shah: 
In the last 3-4 years, typically, Soumitra, we have not done this business. 
So, I think I have already answered. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
So, more or less, it is basically what we are at right now. We are going to 
use the other aspect of the business, i.e., the software aspect of the 
business and try and move our margins forward. The 14% what we are at 
now is probably a base case going forward but this is something that over 
a period of time will only improve. Is that understanding, correct? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, it is absolutely correct. The biggest lever for that is our software 
ADiTaaS that we feel will be a game changer for us because whenever we 
sell our software as a product to customers, we see a lot of good bottom 
line and good margins on that. So, that could be the biggest lever for us 
to improve our margins going forward as well. 
Paresh Shah: 
Just to add, every customer is looking at a combination. They are not 
looking at pure services, but there is always some change and 
transformation that happens in every organization and that is where our 
ADiTaaS which is a low-code no-code platform brings a big impact to the 
organization to automate processes and kind of give them that value 
addition and also give them more of a cost-effective overall solution, 
both services plus technology combined. And that's the route we have 
taken and now we are accelerating in that. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
This is a Company that was not really in the limelight for long, but it has 
recently come on people's radars, especially for us also since we have 
been evaluating this Company. Certain things that come into our mind is 
like if we have to do a peer comparison of this Company, obviously 
looking at the major IT companies would not be the right thing to do. 
From my understanding, it may be wrong and you can correct me, I look 
at it probably something like if you have to look at it from a product 
perspective, something like a Newgen Software and if you have to look 
at it from the holistic perspective, something like an Aurionpro. Is that 
understanding correct that probably these are the companies with which 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 27 
we should compare ourselves rather than looking at the major IT 
companies as a core? Or is that understanding incorrect? 
Nitin Shah: 
Newgen, I think they are in document management. So, it is not the right 
comparison for peers. But let me tell you, when we ran the Company, we 
were not in the radar. It was a deliberate attempt almost for 5 years 
where we said we are doing transformation. And we had been constantly 
communicating to all our investors "small pain but long gain." In that 
process of transformation, several things that we have done. The most 
important thing is, 1) We have made our Company completely debt free. 
2) We have improved our corporate governance greatly. 3) We have 
reskilled our people. And that's a big challenge right now most of the 
Indian IT, so to say, successful companies are facing today because 
tomorrow's requirement is going to be completely different than today's 
requirement or yesterday's requirement. And that requires a whole 
amount of complete reskilling, repurposing, and retraining which is what 
we have done, and hence, currently we are very relevant to the 
customers' need at the moment.  
 
Hence, when we talk about Cloud Migration and Cyber Security, they are 
all high-end fruits actually. Our aim is to get into the higher-hanging fruits 
so that margins would not be a problem and competition is also not too 
many. We have come out of the low-hanging fruits or products business 
just because of that. I do not know what Aurionpro is doing, but we feel 
that we are the market leader when it comes to Master System 
Integrator. We are the pioneers in Smart Cities. Almost more than dozen 
smart cities that we have already established. We have earned a good 
name in smart city, which is not everybody's cup of tea because there are 
a lot of system integrators, but no Master System Integrator in this 
country. So, we know we have positioned our Company very well for the 
future earnings. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
We are also taking some feedback from the smart city aspect only and I 
must tell you that there is positive feedback on your work. That is 
something really good and congratulations for that. Finally, if I have to 
conclude, what I am looking at is our Company, ADSL, is looking at a 
growth of 20% to 25% at a conservative level year-on-year from here on 
and the 14% margins that we are looking at is probably a base case going 
forward, and this is something that is only going to improve. Is that 
understanding about the Company and its growth prospects, correct? 
Nitin Shah: 
100%. You have taken it very well. If you really force me to reply, I would 
get very pleased if we can get a day when we make it 20%. That is the 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 27 
constant endeavor to keep on increasing one lever that is going to be 
EBITDA. So, when it comes to me as a Chairman, I am more concerned 
about the EBITDA margin. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
So, we can basically, as an investor, expect 20% to 25% growth from a 
revenue perspective and margins on an upward trajectory from here 
because the transformation has taken place and now it is time for 
bearing fruits for the Company, of all the effort that you have put in for 
the last 5 years. 
Nitin Shah: 
Correct. 
Paresh Shah: 
Apart from what Mr. Nitin Shah has talked about the Smart City part of 
it, MSI part of it, I would also like to talk about Services business. The 
reason is we are a Global Managed Services provider. We operate in 
more than 70 plus countries. And we have 2 types of contracts; one is we 
take direct contracts, the other one is definitely with our partners, and 
these are very large partners, and we work on very large deals. So, if you 
look at our comparison, we have our competitors, the high-end 
competitors, which I am sure you know all the time like Wipro or HCL. 
We have taken up contracts also of theirs and that is the usual case 
because our sweet spot is definitely big customers and that is how we 
have differentiated ourselves. But we play it on a strategy that we work 
with very large contracts also as a partnership so that we want to make 
sure that we deliver high-quality services for very large customers. That's 
the kind of differentiator we bring.  
Nitin Shah: 
I would further like to state, I could not prevent myself, when I run a 
Company, we have made such a strong, robust Company. Firstly, that we 
are sellable anywhere in the world because we are talking about higher-
hanging fruits. We generally target very large customers and maybe Tier-
2 but managing very large customers is a different ballgame altogether. 
And when we talk about Services, Services is mainly high compliance, 
intensive and governance driven. Service governance is very important, 
and we can very proudly say that we support our clients the way any 
other large Company's support across the globe and we have put a lot of 
effort in terms of doing service governance which is very very highly 
matured. So, today we are talking about supporting large customers. We 
are not too much into small SME segment. And often you will see large 
customers adding to that. And of course, the scalability will be much 
faster. I would not like to comment as to how much percentage and all 
that, but I can tell you that that is how we have made our Company for 
long term. 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 20 of 27 
Soumitra Joshi: 
Thank you so much, those inputs were very helpful. I'll come from where 
I think a lot of investors are coming in because I have been hearing all the 
questions. Generally, I think this is the first time for most of the people 
to interact with the Management. The first step itself for any analyst 
becomes that they need to understand what is the growth aspects and 
prospects of the Company and ultimately materialize it into some 
number so that you can have some target going forward. That was the 
basic purpose of understanding and asking about the EBITDA and the 
revenue margins. And I think most of the people who are on the call, the 
analysts would agree with me that that is from where the base starts. 
That is why I think the constant pestering or questioning from our side 
on the revenue and EBITDA margins, which I think you have answered 
really well. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Deepak Poddar from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir, first up, I wanted to understand more on the margins front. Would it 
be fair to say that in the last couple of quarters, we have seen pressure 
in margins? One of the major reasons is that a couple of projects in the 
US could not be renewed? 
Paresh Shah: 
Because as you know that in the US, a lot of inflation was there and there 
was definitely some pressure there for the customers to reduce costs, 
and many times, the customers take a decision where they want to see 
where they can reduce the cost. So, they mainly take up the opportunity 
to do insourcing. The projects that got closed were mainly a couple of 
them which were more insourced by the customer, not that they have 
been given to somebody else, because customers sometimes think that 
I want to kind of make sure if I can do it myself and reduce the cost. So, 
they sacrifice the high-quality services that we give, and they make some 
decisions based on their budget constraints. It has nothing to do with our 
quality of service. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I get that point, but what I was trying to understand is, is that the major 
reason because of which our margin saw a pressure in the last couple of 
quarters? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, that is correct. That was the major reason margins that were not up 
to the mark of every quarter. But going forward, I think that will keep on 
improving as we keep on adding new customers. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
I'll add on top of that. There was a reason for the last June quarter, 
revenue mix was also tweaked basically. The revenue mix of Solutions 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 21 of 27 
percentage was a little higher than the Services. That also because as we 
explained, Solutions has got a little lower margins. That has also 
impacted our margin a little bit on account of that. Going forward, our 
revenue mix is going to be improved or if it changes to other way around 
then margin is going to be increasing. 
Deepak Poddar: 
As mentioned earlier as well that 14% is the EBITDA margin base that we 
expect going forward, how many quarters do you expect you will take to 
bridge that gap between your current margin of maybe about 10.5% to 
where you want to be in terms of pace? 
Nitin Shah: 
It is very difficult to predict right now. Endeavor is constantly there to 
reach up to that. I may go wrong if I tell you any particular month or 
quarter, but yes, we try to optimize that. We do a lot of automation in 
our service delivery and that will reduce the people dependency. As you 
know, nowadays, new technology which is coming up using AI and you 
talk about ChatGPT and all that. We are using those kinds of things in our 
service delivery where we will make a lot of our processes automated. 
That will reduce the people cost and that will enhance our margins. There 
are plenty of avenues that we are looking at in terms of improving the 
margin once we get the client. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But it would be fair to say at least on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we will 
see an upward trajectory on the margins front? 
Nitin Shah: 
It should be. 
Nehal Shah: 
The intent is that we are constantly working on improving our EBITDA. 
That is the intent I would want to say. 
Nitin Shah: 
But when it comes to competition, the competition decides the price and 
we cannot let the business go. So, probably it must be in the first year 
itself a little bit of a dip will be there on the Services and Solutions 
business because customers generally give it to the Company which is 
quoting lower. That we have seen as a trend. But then we know in the 
next 5 years how we can optimize our margins. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Piyush Mehta from Caprize 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Mehta: 
I had a similar question to what a couple of other people have previously 
asked and this one more specifically for Nehal. More or less, they have 
been answered. What I would like to ask Nehal is, sitting where we are, 
considering the kind of revamp that we have done and the base that we 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 22 of 27 
have built, is it fair to say that you can now visualize sitting on a Rs. 1,000 
crore top line with 16% to 18% kind of margins over the next 2-3 years? 
And do we have the capability, the resources and the intent to achieve 
the same? I would like to specifically speak to Nehal on this. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for this question. You're absolutely correct. We are sitting on 
a target where we see that Rs. 1,000 crore is absolutely achievable in the 
next 2-3 years. The reason for that is the kind of orders or the kind of 
wins that we have had in the past, which were huge, $100 million single 
orders and all of it gives a lot of strength to us. And we also see that the 
customers and even our partners are absolutely backing us to do and 
achieve those kinds of numbers. So, you're right, Rs. 1,000 crore is 
absolutely achievable in the next 2 to 3 years and that is our first target 
that we would want to go in the 4-digit top line. 
Nitin Shah: 
I would like to further add on to that. I do not know whether you had 
been tracking our Company 2-3 years back or 5 years back. I, as a 
Chairman, constantly saying that we are going through a transformation 
phase. That was an internal transformation and I have been constantly 
saying "small pain but long gain." And we did that transformation and 
finished that in 2020. So, we are in the long-term gain kind of phase. And 
this was a deliberate attempt that we would like to go in for a long-term 
positioning ourselves better for better earnings. So, we have made the 
capacity in our Company – Processes, System – everything we have made 
it very robust to scale up our business. 
Piyush Mehta: 
I think one of the comments was that there is a certain margin that while 
we are growing cautiously, and we would not work below a certain 
percentage in terms of the margins. What is that specific margin that is 
comfortable for us? Because, of course, as you said, the competition is 
there, and we would not like to quote below the competition. What is 
that particular margin at which we believe this is something that we will 
definitely hit? 
Nitin Shah: 
Low single digit margins, of course, we are not interested because we do 
a lot of large projects actually. And we have an appetite, we have 
strength in our Company; we would rather move to somebody else, some 
other customers. Absolutely low margin we are not interested in at all. 
Many customers probably we would have lost, or we would have said no 
last year. Even the intrinsic assets we have created or the intrinsic value 
that we have created is unmatched. It's a matter of time that our 
potential will be realized by everybody very soon. 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 23 of 27 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Karthik from HCL. Please go 
ahead. 
Karthik: 
Thanks for the opportunity and also thanks for hosting the call. I have 
been an investor for a long time since 2012 and I have seen the 
challenges and also your continuous commentary on the changes which 
we were doing. Thanks for all the hard work and right now where we are 
currently. My question was on each business segment, can we expect 
those breakdowns in the upcoming presentation so that we know where 
you will be investing more? I already know that we will be focusing on 
Infrastructure Management and Software Service, but there is more 
emphasis nowadays on the Cyber Security side. Are there any interests 
or focus more on those to capture more projects there or we will be 
focusing where we are core at? 
Nitin Shah: 
It's a very well thought out, robust Company that we have created. Cyber 
Security is definitely very important for us, and we have invested a lot in 
terms of building up our Cyber Security capabilities and/or SOC which is 
almost 100+ seater in SEEPZ, Andheri. And we have been running SOCs 
for the last almost 15 years and we have a concept known as 360-degree 
cybersecurity. You name it and we have elevated ourselves into the most 
relevant Cyber Security measures.  
 
We can take up that separately in terms of giving a full presentation as 
to what we do under Cyber Security. And Cloud, of course, everybody is 
riding on that, but in Cloud, we are more in terms of doing development 
using cloud native and CI/CD or Kubernetes that you talk about and that's 
where we would like to earn money, not in terms of just about providing 
infrastructure.  
 
Smart city is also definitely a very higher-hanging fruit where we are very 
uniquely positioned in this country. If you start counting the number of 
Master System Integrators, you will hardly find any in this country 
besides us.  
 
Since you are in HCL, I can tell you NOC support that we provide 
Infrastructure Management, and I am sure you will agree the kind of 
maturity that we have brought in in terms of our service delivery using 
service governance is unmatched. In fact, one of the best governance 
that we have created to serve very very large customers and we are 
creating our own IP on ADiTaaS front which is going to be very robust. It 
is one of the 53 Pink certifications that we have received. We are now 
not only talking about IT Service Management, but we are completely 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 24 of 27 
talking about the entire services management of operation services that 
the large enterprise customer is talking about. And again, it is completely 
cloud ready. So, we can change whatever that we want at any time.  
 
That is where and another investment we have done. I do not know 
whether people know about it. And that's where there is a depression on 
our margin is that we have registered our Company into various 
countries in the globe. For example, we have a full-fledged subsidiary in 
the USA. We can directly bill to Canada and have people on our payroll. 
In the UK, we have got ourselves registered. We have registered in 
Ireland, which enables us to deploy people anywhere in Europe, any 
European country that you think about. We have people in Germany and 
Netherlands and all. Then we are registered in China. We are registered 
in Singapore. We are registered in Australia. We are registered in Japan, 
a full-fledged subsidiary. And we are registered in Brazil.  
 
These are the investments that we have done for the future earnings. So, 
you may find that a Company of our size we have so much of direct 
spread across the globe and our model is to get into direct to our clients. 
You might find this investment which we have done right now probably 
might give us much better results over a period of time. 
Karthik: 
Can we expect the breakdown in the investor presentation on each 
business segment by revenue? Currently, I feel most of the chunk is from 
Software Services and Integrated Solutions, is that a fair assessment. In 
Rs. 169 crore revenue, those are the 2 segments which are currently 
growing. Is that true? 
Nehal Shah: 
Karthik, what we have done is, from a segment perspective, we are only 
talking about Services and Solutions. And to keep it simple and people 
can relate to it, whatever is recurring in nature, which is annuity business, 
which is month-on-month billing or quarter-on-quarter billing for 3 to 5 
years long term is bucketed in the Services segment. Anything that we 
do one time, it could be a one-time implementation of large smart city 
projects, or it could be store expansion projects or data center projects 
or migration projects that we do, will all go under the Solutions bucket.  
 
For people to simply have a clarity of that, we have just kept right now 2 
segments – Services and Solutions. And we feel that our idea is that the 
Services bucket should always keep on growing because that gives us 
steady growth and steady numbers year-on-year. However, the Solutions 
bucket is something which gives us the extra x-factor edge that we 
require to grow. Whenever we get large projects, the Solutions bucket 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 25 of 27 
typically grows faster. But eventually Services is the bucket that we 
would want to look from a long-term stability. 
Karthik: 
And even from a margin perspective, is it a fair assumption or at least the 
Services will have a more margin than the Solutions, which is around 12% 
or 13%? Is that right? 
Nehal Shah: 
Absolutely, that is correct. Services will eventually always have better 
margins because we have a long time to optimize our cost also. Solutions 
is typically a smaller cycle of deployment where cost optimization is not 
as much possible as much in the Services business. 
Karthik: 
From RoW, our main revenue is coming from the US, I feel. Is that true 
or is it also a bigger chunk from Europe or the EMEA region? 
Nehal Shah: 
Right now, 70% of our revenues are coming from the US subsidiary. The 
other subsidiaries are now slowly slowly gearing up space. Where we 
have invested over the last couple of years, we will see the fruits coming 
in the near future. 
Karthik: 
On the discontinued operation, you have answered that question. But I 
am worrying, like, is there a more discontinued operation we will have 
which will impact the balance sheet or we are done with everything 
whatever we can discontinue on the lower margin business? 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for this question, Karthik. We have absolutely done away with 
everything that we had on our books. We do not see anything of such 
kind coming up in the future ever. That is the idea. 
Karthik: 
Last question on the ROCE. What is our target for the upcoming year and 
future for 3 years? I know it is more than a 13% margin ROCE. That will 
continue to improve. 
Nitin Shah: 
If you do not look into quantitative factors which is difficult to then guess 
how much it would be, but certainly, the strategy is to make the 
Company more and more strong over a period of time, which will help us 
in terms of acquiring new customers, at the same time increasing our 
margins. That's being said, overall that I am talking about. But if you ask 
your question exactly 13%, 14%, or 15%, I may not be able to and I am 
not looking into that kind of factor while running the Company, but I am 
always looking upon how we are positioned ourselves for the future 
earnings. 
Nehal Shah: 
Just to add to it, Karthik, as we keep on increasing our top line, we will 
keep on increasing our bottom line also. And our ROCE will also be in the 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 26 of 27 
upward trend. Since there is no CAPEX that is involved in our business, it 
is all eventually going to be helping in improving our ROCE. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Narendra Khuthia from 
RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
I wanted to know what your ADiTaaS platform is exactly. How do you 
onboard clients and what's the next step? What's the journey of the 
client after that? 
Paresh Shah: 
Let me highlight that. We have 100+ customers today on ADiTaaS. It 
started its journey as an ITSM platform. Now it is an Enterprise Service 
Management platform including conversational AI and a lot of new 
technologies that you see. And so, it is a completely AIOps-based 
platform. The way it basically is positioned is it is completely DevOps 
based and cloud ready. So, it is very easy for a customer to adopt and 
scale unparalleled; he can scale unlimited. We have also multi-tenancy, 
multilingual, a lot of features on ADiTaaS which helps ADiTaaS to be 
easily deployed across customer bases globally. And this is how it has 
been deployed. The model that we sell is either it is taken as a 
subscription model on the cloud or sometimes very large customers take 
it as an on-premise. And the third one is obviously it gets bundled with 
Services.  
 
This is how ADiTaaS is deployed, and it is a completely cloud-ready 
platform. It does not take more than a week or two to deploy it in a 
standard configuration. It's a completely automated, completely 
administered platform. It's a low-code no-code platform. I hope it 
answers your question. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Oswal from Finterest 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Oswal: 
Sir, one last question from my side about the clientele that we have 
currently. If you can just give some idea on the clientele and is there any 
kind of customer concentration? 
Nitin Shah: 
I would put this not by naming client or vertical because we are having a 
client on almost all verticals. But the new trend which has come up in 
terms of an IT industry for services business is something known as SIAM 
(service integration & management).  
 
What is generally happening is that there are 100, 200, or 300 vendors 
who support one client. Now, clients are finding it very difficult to 

 
 Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 27 of 27 
manage so many many vendors or service providers. So, they would like 
to consolidate to one or two or three max. And hence they create a kind 
of innovation. And that's a trend.  
 
We have bagged 2 large deals, one in India as well as another one in the 
USA, a very large deal of $100 million that we have bagged through a 
Tier-1 partner of ours. And that has helped a lot because we have 
removed about 200 service providers and they have signed up only with 
us. Same is the case with very large enterprise customers in India 
conglomerate kind of customers. All the vendors have been replaced by 
us for supporting them and we foresee a lot of such opportunities coming 
up where we are fully geared up as a one single stop for all the needs of 
infrastructure for our client. And that's the trend which is going to help 
us a lot. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing 
comments. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for your participation and engagement during this call. If you 
have any additional questions or require further information about our 
Company, please reach out to our team or contact CDR India. Please do 
take time to review our investor presentation and latest annual report to 
know more about Allied Digital. We appreciate your time and look 
forward to our next interaction in the coming quarter. Once again, thank 
you for joining us today. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
