K.P.R. MILL LIMITED
Corporate Office : 1st Floor Srivari Shrimat, 1045, Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641018. India © : 0422-2207777 Fax : 0422-2207778
10.08.2023
The Listing Department
BSE Limited
1st Floor, Rotunda Buildings, 
Phiiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Mumbai - 400 001
BSE: 532889
Dear Sir,
The Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot: C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051
NSE: KPRMILL
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 04th August, 2023.
Ref: Our intimation dated 05.08.2023 - Filing of Audio Recording
In continuation to our intimation under reference and in compliance with 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the attachment, the transcript of the aforesaid 
Conference Call as received from the Concall service provider.
Please take the same on record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
P. Kandaswamy
Company Secretary
Encl: As above
Regd. Office : No. 9, Gokul Buildings, A.K.S. Nagar, Thadagam Road, Coimbatore - 641 001. © : 0422-2478090, Fax : 0422-2478050 
GSTIN : 33AACCK0893N1Z9 Email : corporate@kprmill.com Web : www.kprmilllimited.com CIN : L17111TZ2003PLC010518

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
“KPR Mill Limited 
Q1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P. NATARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR – KPR 
MILL LIMITED 
MR. PL. MURUGAPPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
KPR MILL LIMITED 
MR. P. KANDASWAMY – COMPANY SECRETARY – KPR 
MILL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK NIGAM – BATLIVALA AND KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KPR Mill 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala and 
Karani Securities, India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
no opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Nigam from 
Batlivala 
and 
Karani 
Securities 
India 
Private 
Limited.             
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Nigam: Thank you, Lizann. Hi, everyone. Thank you for joining us for 
KPR Mills first quarter FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Today 
we are joined by Mr. P. Nataraj, Managing Director for             
KPR Mills, Mr. PL. Murugappan, Chief Financial Officer, and      
Mr. P. Kandaswamy, Company Secretary. And now, without any 
further delay, I will hand it over to Management for any opening 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
P Nataraj: 
Thank you, Mr. Abhishek. I am Nataraj, Managing Director,      
KPR Mill Limited. Very good evening to everyone. I welcome 
you all for the KPR Mill Limited first quarter earnings call for the 
financial year 2023-24. The global economy is facing uncertainty 
due to geopolitical tension, elevated inflation and banking 
system interruption in certain countries. Despite the above, the 
Indian economy remains silent, supported by its strong 
economic fundamentals, retaining fastest growing economy 
status. 
Currently, all sectors of textile industry are going through a 
rough patch. The main causes are the sluggish demand in major 
importing countries on account of inflation, unstable price of 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
domestic cotton, low arrival of cotton in the market during peak 
season, import duty on cotton, increase in energy cost, piling up 
of inventories, severe competition from competing countries, etc. 
But going forward, the situation is improving as exporters are 
slowly but steadily getting orders. 
However, we are happy that irrespective of the difficult market 
scenario, KPR could maintain its performance because of its 
vertically integrated facilities, increased revenue and profitability 
from sugar segment, stimulated by the favorable ethanol market, 
have 
been 
supporting 
our 
growth 
trend 
continuously.                     
As announced in the earlier calls, to generate additional 
revenue, an exclusive vortex spinning mill at an outlay of 
INR100 crores is established that will be completed in the 
current quarter. The processing and printing expansion at INR50 
crores will be over in the current quarter. The rooftop solar plant 
at INR50 crores has been commissioned already. 
The ethanol capacity expansion at INR150 crores will be 
completed before the coming season and also to improve the 
quality and productivity of spinning we are modernising the 
spinning division with a total outlay of INR150 crores. All these 
growth initiatives at a total outlay of INR500 crores will result in 
improving our performance further. With these opening remarks, 
the floor is now open for question and answer session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
question and answer session. The first question is in the line of 
Pratik Kothari from Unique Portfolio Managers, please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir, and thank you. So my first question on 
the garments, if you can highlight where is it that we are signing 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
new orders, and what will be the realization for the new orders 
that you will be getting? 
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, our approach is steady only. We are getting, as you know, 
we are in presence in Europe, US, and Australia mainly we have 
small share in Asia also. Currently our realisation is about 
INR185 per piece. 
Pratik Kothari: 
And new orders that could be coming in would also be at similar 
range or lower? 
PL Murugappan: 
Expected to be similar range. Because of this yarn price 
reduction, there would be some impact. Maybe INR5-INR10. 
Otherwise, expected to be in the same level. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. And what would be our production target for this year? 
Reach there about 150 million? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, we are hoping to reach 150 million. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct, and given the MD sir spoke about some improvement,    
I mean some early signs of improvement in demand, we had 
spoken about some brownfield capex that we intended to do. 
So, I mean, is the improvement good enough for us to go out 
and do that capex or not yet? 
PL Murugappan: 
We have not yet decided. We are just waiting for the things to 
improve. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. This is for the brownfield, right? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes correct. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. And sir, what would be the cotton yarn spread 
currently? 
PL Murugappan: 
It is about 12% now. 
Pratik Kothari: 
12% and usually we have mentioned that a sustainable.  

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Management: 
Yes, about 17%, 18% now it's about 12%. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab 
Debbarma from Antique Stock Broking, please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my call. So I was just 
calculating on the garment production. So we had a production 
of 35.36 million pieces of garment in the first quarter. And if we 
assume at this rate we'll produce, then we'll be producing 
around 141 million pieces for the entire year. And if you see our 
capacity, minus the Ethiopia, there are 147 million pieces.           
That transfers to our capacity of more than 90%, around 95%, 
96%. So should not we be investing in expanding the garment 
capacity, or our future order book is weak or we anticipate 
mutate both in garment. What is the reason that despite such 
high capacity utilization we are not taking any steps to increase 
that capacity in government sector? 
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, as MD explained to you in the opening remarks itself, the 
market is facing lot of issues especially the European and US 
markets. So just we want to settle these markets to reasonable 
extent to take further calls. In US I think it is more or less coming 
out of this decisionary trend but Europe still is facing because 
Europe being a large buyer of our product we want the things to 
settle. It is not a matter of question of investing it is a matter of 
getting a decision based on the external environments. 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay, okay. And, sir, we saw that textile segment which is in 
lower revenue Q on Q and year on year. Sir, what could be the 
reason of that? Is it because of lower volume or lower 
realization? 
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, basically the lower realization in yarn. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Biplab Debbarma: Lower realization in yarn? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yarn, yarn, yes. Quantity is more or less the same, but the 
realization from yarn is lower because the cotton price has come 
down sharply because of that the realization has come down. 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay, and what would be the revenue potential from this new 
capacity expansion and from when do you think this new 
capacity would start generating revenue? 
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, we expect it to be sometime in the second half of this year. 
Biplab Debbarma: And what would be the revenue potential at full capacity? 
PL Murugappan: 
It would be somewhere around INR140 crores to INR150 crores 
per annum. Solar already started its production processing and 
printing will generate another INR 50 crores net of the business. 
It's more of a value addition for our own consumption. Ethanol 
capacity will generate revenue of closer to about INR 200 
crores. That will be off-setted to the molasses that is sugar and 
molasses production when we are off-setted against ethanol 
production. So net revenue will be around INR100 crores. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Rushabh from RBSA 
Investment Managers. 
Rushabh: 
I just want to understand for the next 2, 3 years regarding your 
capex plans. How are you looking at textile versus cotton 
segment, sir? Is there a policy? Because now currently last one 
year ethanol has done very good for us. So will you be investing 
more there? Or how would you look at investing in both 
segments as a policy? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, I see our core business is textile. So we are concentrating 
more on textiles, and the present situation is a little bit volatile, 
particularly just before what we said about the European, the 
market has to improve. So we are waiting for that. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
And by the way, the ethanol also that we are expanding our 
capacity in the first unit of the sugar, where in the beginning, we 
put a small size. And we have doubled the capacity now. So 
further, again, we have to balance this how much we are 
crushing and how much sugar output and this much of amount 
of investment and how long we can run the factory with the 
molasses to produce ethanol. So these all technically, we have 
to assess these things. 
So once this ongoing project is completed, our capacity will be 
around 5 lakhs litres per day and put both the units together. So 
it means approximately 250,000 lakh litres of each unit. So then 
we have to see balancing the other ethanol production with the 
molasses output. 
So based on that, maybe like once it's completed, we can study 
technically. And what could be that there's some further increase 
in ethanol, of course, ethanol is more margin in the south of the 
sugar, ethanol, molasses. So we will decide at the end of the 
next season. 
Rushabh: 
Is there an inter benchmark for get sort of INR100 of capex?        
I understand as per the market condition rese benchmark were 
a maximum limit, you might be ready to put in ethanol segment. 
Is there any -- you follow anything? 
P. Nataraj: 
No. There is no benchmark in fact. We have to study because 
we are producing ethanol from the sugar syrup also. 
And how much syrup we can utilize and how much ethanol, we 
can run with it, till the next season. Because producing more 
molasses, we cannot run the ethanol till the next season. So we 
have to calculate accordingly. This technical issue we have to 
study. What is the crushing capacity of the sugarcane? based 
on that, we have to calculate and invest. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Rushabh: 
Okay. So just one last question. On the garment realization, if I 
have to take a three years to four year view, currently, we are at 
INR180, INR190 per piece. Can you take -- go to INR 250 or is 
that trajectory that we look should we look for KPR, the high-
value added segment? 
PL Murugappan: 
There it is like per piece realization is only for calculation 
purpose we are working on 20% margin kind of the business, 
not per piece realization basis. More quantity also we will do, but 
basically we are looking at 20% margin in this business.  
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from      
Elara Capital. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Sir, what would be the garment order book today? 
PL Murugappan: 
It’s about 1000 crores madam. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay. And if -- what will be the breakup between yarn and 
fabric business revenue and volume? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes. Yarn sales is 14,600 tons. Fabric sales is about 2000 tons. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay. And value? 
PL Murugappan: Yarn revenue is INR 391 crores and fabric revenue is about      
INR 69 crores. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Understood, sir. And sir, how was the margins in various 
segments, yarn and fabric versus garments? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yarn and fabric is about 12%. Garment is about 27%. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 27%? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Sir, what led to this increase in the garment business 
margin? Because if we look at... 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
PL Murugappan: 
Because of the lower inventory cost, because it is inter unit  
transfer at arm’s length when the yarn prices are lower, our 
margin from garment would be higher. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay. Understood. So going forward, we should look at 
sustainable margins only and not these margins? That is... 
PL Murugappan: 
Regular margins yes, yes. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay. And sir, ethanol margins, if I want to see this time the 
EBIT margin of 26% in 1Q. Is it fair to assume that ethanol 
margins are around 35% EBITDA level? 
PL Murugappan: 
We are not calculating separately for ethanol margin. The sugar 
margin expected to be around 25%. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 25% blended? 
P Nataraj: 
 
Blended, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Preeti Choudhary from 
Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Preeti Choudhary: So I have a couple of questions. So first one is, so India signed 
the FTA with Australia. But if I look at our numbers, our 
percentage of business from Australia has been falling. So I just 
wanted to know, has it grown in absolute terms and has the 
company taken any steps or are in talks with customers in 
Australia for building the business in the country? 
PL Murugappan: 
We are supplying to the major players in Australia. Our business 
to Australia is more or less in line. So, there is no drop in the 
business. If you look at the last quarter and this quarter, it is 
about 12.3% kind of the business.  
Preeti Choudhary: Okay. All right. And the next question is, so what is the update of 
bringing in the machineries from our Ethiopia plant? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
PL Murugappan: 
We are trying to bring it back  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Monish Ghodke from HDFC 
Asset Management Company. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Sir, ethanol sales volume, what is the split between B-Heavy or 
C-Heavy root only? 
PL Murugappan:  This quarter is more or less a sugar syrup we have done             
B-Heavy route only.. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir, after the expansion, will it be the B-Heavy only? 
PL Murugappan: 
No, no. During the season, it is from Dassera. The off season it 
will be from the B heavy molasses. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. So how will the split look like for full year? 
PL Murugappan:  Full year. It's 50%-50%, 50% from syrup and 50% from B-Heavy 
Molasses. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And sir, how easy or difficult is to expand our crushing 
capacity in terms of regulatory approvals and all? 
PL Murugappan: 
It is depending on the area where we are situated. Presently, the 
areas are more or less saturated we cannot expand the capacity 
as it is. So we are fully running now.  
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And strategically, like is it our focus area that over time, 
we have to increase the crushing capacity? Maybe if I see 5 
years down the line, will our capacity be more or it will be the 
same? 
PL Murugappan: 
See – you have to wait and see. Because business decision has 
to be taken, depending on the availability and other things, we 
will take a decision based on the inputs of various other areas.  
Modertor: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chinmay Shah, 
an individual investor. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Chinmay Shah: 
Congratulations to the management, for the good set of number. 
So my question is our current quarter inventory levels, how 
much it is? I mean in terms of  
PL Murugappan: 
It is about three months inventory we have sir.   
Chinmay Shah: 
Okay, so now we having for three months inventory, okay fine. 
And sir now for our Europe section, do you think in current after 
July month or so, is it some good inqueries or something like 
that? 
PL Murugappan: 
Garment inquiries are good only. We are having reasonable 
order position. We hope that it will improve from here on.  
Chinmay Shah: 
Okay, because generally we book our half yearly orders? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, more or less we book them.  
Chinmay Shah: 
Okay, okay, sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Roshan from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Roshan: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Do you expect the import duty 
on cotton to be… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Roshan, your audio is sounding very muffled.  
Roshan: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, do you expect the import duty on 
cotton to be removed anytime soon? 
PL Murugappan: 
We have represented through the associations. We hope that 
something will happen.  
Roshan: 
And after the signing of FTA with Australia, are you seeing any 
increase in tractions in terms of the new order from -- Australian 
orders? 
PL Murugappan: 
As of today, the business is good. We hope that it will improve. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Roshan: 
And can you provide some clarify on the UK FTA? 
Management: 
UK FTA is in the advance stage. We hope that it will happen 
during this year. 
Roshan: 
That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Biplab Debbarma from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: Thank you for taking my call again. Sir, on the capex that you 
have planned, of the planned capex, how much capex yet to be 
incurred? I think in ethanol yet to be incurred, how much to be 
incurred going forward capex? 
PL Murugappan: 
Approximately about INR 200 crores need to be spent.  
Biplab Debbarma: And remaining have been spent?  
PL Murugappan: 
Already been spent Yes. 
Biplab Debbarma: And sir I missed the margin, yarn margin this quarter. How much 
was it?  
PL Murugappan: 
It is 12%. Yarn margin is 12% and the garment margin is about 
27%. And the sugar is about 27%.  
Biplab Debbarma: And one final question is on the ethanol and sugar, so sir, once 
this new ethanol capacity starts its commission, so on a steady 
state basis, what will be the yearly total sugar production and 
ethanol production in terms of volume?  
PL Murugappan: 
Volume wise, we are looking at 2 lakh tons of sugar and 12 
crores liters of ethanol.  
Biplab Debbarma: How much is in ethanol?  
PL Murugappan: 
12 crores liters.  

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay. Thanks that’s all.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari 
from Unique portfolio managers. Please go ahead.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Thank you again. Sir, if we look at overall garment sales globally 
for the last 5 years, 10 years, it always used to be a 2%, 3%, a 
low growth market, but because of our internal efficiencies, 
because of our cost and cost efficiencies that we could bring to 
the table. We had captured a large part of market share and we 
grew much, much faster globally. So in that context, what are 
we, I mean, we understand that the demand is sluggish, but 
from our side internally, what is it, or what are the actions we are 
seeking to be able to capture the global market share?  
P. Nataraj: 
See, we are continuously updating our quality parameters.         
We have the integrated facility, and we are adding the value 
addition, wherever it is required. That's why just now we have 
increased our processing capacity with printing and all these 
things. So, wherever there is customer requirements, based on 
that, we study the market. Even new customers are coming in, 
whatever they suggest will also be considered towards a 
balancing the present capacity. 
So, not only the capacity wherever is possible no like adding the 
equipments for the value additions. So, like that kind of things 
gives more interesting for the customers. So, once they come in, 
they see the facilities and all these things, even during the lean 
time also, we are able to procure our required orders. So that is 
why we are very closely monitoring the market, the global 
scenario, and within the factory itself, what kind of facilities what 
we have to create. 
So, all these things we are continuously monitoring, our all the 
teams like marketing team, technical team, quality team. So, 
these all hand-in-hand they interact. So, we have to be on the 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
job, we have to be on the market on a daily basis, 24 hours 
around the clock, so like that. So, this is the way we are working. 
So, that's why we are able to run with -- even in this situation 
also, with better efficiency and better productivity.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. In terms of cost efficiency or the price point at which we 
are able to cater to the customers, I believe we would be one of 
the best globally. Correct?  
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, you are right.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Thank you and all the best, sir. 
PL Murugappan: 
Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Jinesh Shah, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
Jinesh Shah: 
Yes. Hi, sir. So my question was regarding FASO. Can we have 
some numbers, like quarter-on-quarter, how we've been growing 
FASO, like over the last few quarters? And what are your future 
plans for FASO, how are we planning to scale it up?  
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, currently the quarter-on-quarter basis we are close to about 
INR 10 crores per quarter. We hope that it will increase from the 
current year onwards. We are putting all our efforts, we are 
launching the product across India now. It will be completed 
during this year. We hope that it will reach to double digit in the 
coming period.  
Jinesh Shah: 
Any marketing plan that we have for FASO, anything in place?  
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, all the efforts are made, we are on track sir.  
Jinesh Shah: 
Are we present online as well with FASO like we are tying up 
with someone Amazon or Flipkart, Myntra, etcetera?  
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, we are available sir.  

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Jinesh Shah: 
Thank you so much. That’s it from me.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer 
Deshpande from Fairdeal Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sameer, your line is in the top mode. Please go ahead. As 
there's no response from the current participant, we will move on 
to the next. That is on the line of Awanish Chandra from SMIFS. 
Please go ahead.  
Awanish Chandra:  Congratulations, sir, on a good set of performance in a very 
difficult situation. Sir, recently we have heard many negative 
news, especially from the South market, where spinning 
companies said they are facing so much issues. So, how is the 
situation now? Any commentary on that? 
P. Nataraj: 
 Sir, generally we see that the mills, particularly standalone 
spinning mills, of course, what you are saying is right, we are 
suffering because of the cotton price where the highest in the 
last year reached more than 1 lakh and suddenly within a couple 
of months it has fell down below 60,000 and those who have 
larger inventory or even according to the size of the mills the 
spinning sector is fragmented where mills are having even 5,000 
spindles to 5 lakh spindles. 
So the small mills, when they have the, you know, more 
inventory by borrowing money from bank, so once the cotton 
price become half of that, so half of their working capital just 
vanished. So those mills, those who are financially running with 
tight planning, they are all suffering. So this is a fact. And the 
thing is that during that time, some people were in the expansion 
mode also, whether small or large, they were in the expansion 
mode where they are further invested in construction work and 
even machinery they bought and all these things. 
So because of that, when suddenly the price become half of 
what it was around INR1 lakh, so people has to suffer for want 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
of working capital, in other parts. So this kind of situations never 
happened in fact in the last, we can say one or two decades. So 
it was totally unexpected and also there was some chances of 
by the time the import, but the import duty also imposed 11% on 
import of cotton so that door also closed. So because of that the 
mills were really suffering. And some people anyway they have 
trying to come out and some people are already still suffering, 
so this is the situation now. 
Awanish Chandra: Okay, sir. So sir, when we see this kind of news and when we 
look at the RNG export data for several months, it is declining 
hereon declining in each and every month. And when we see, 
your commentary also that you are wait and watch mode before 
making a firm decision on the capex, so all it indicate that we are 
going for some slowdown because your numbers are very good 
as compared to what we see generally in RNG export data and 
still you are not deciding? So anything which we are not able to 
understand this? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, you see, that's why I said, everybody is suffering and we 
are, with difficulty and with all our strength, what we have 
inherent strength, with that we are able to stand. But you know, 
we don't want to take risk by investing huge sum at this 
situation, because it is not only the cotton, I told particularly 
about the stand-alone spinning mills. But you know, because of 
the various things that happened globally, particularly because 
of the war, our major export is to Europe. And the European 
market is really, really suffered heavily due to the war and we all 
know well about even you know, their, even the power cost, that 
is electricity cost has gone very high, 5x, 6x. 
So people slowdown in their purchase also. They are 
concentrating only on the essential requirement like food and all 
the other things they so stopped or slowdown there even the 
fashion goods. So all these things are we are also very closely 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
watching all these things. So at this kind of situation, we don't 
want to keep stock ready for the next season and we don't want 
to struggle. So that's why we want to be, maybe we are little 
extra cautious, but this is not in our hand or it is not within India, 
it is a global market. So it is better to wait and see. So that is, 
maybe you may think we are conservative, we want to be a little 
more conscious. So that is why we are looking for. 
Awanish Chandra: Understood sir. One last thing sir. Our cotton inventory, last time 
you guided four months, it is still four-month inventory? 
PL Murugappan: 
It is three month inventory now. 
Awanish Chandra: Okay. And average price of that three month inventory? 
PL Murugappan: 
It will be somewhere around INR 60,000, INR 61,000. 
Awanish Chandra: Okay sir. Thank you very much for answering my questions. 
PL Murugappan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Prerna 
Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Thank you for the opportunity again sir. So this year is again 
going to be a difficult year as per your commentary given the 
uncertainty in the global scenario as well as the volatility in 
cotton prices. So how do you see, I know you don't give 
guidance, but if qualitatively you could help us understand how 
we should look at it from this year or from next three years point 
of view, how we should look at CPR lineage? 
PL Murugappan: 
So far, the market is a little difficult. But we hope that it will be 
improving from hereon. We see good opportunities this year 
also in the second half of the year. We are seeing some 
improvement in the market. And going forward, we are very 
bullish about the textile business. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: Okay, so could you give me some color on the customers, 
how they are -- a new customer, existing customers, new 
customer addition I meant, to just understand how we are 
grabbing this opportunity of global apparel market? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, we are adding some clients in US and slowly we are 
improving the presence in US. If you look at our presence from 
last year to this year, we are 22% in US. And we hope that it will 
improve in the coming years. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: That's helpful sir. Thank you. 
PL Murugappan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Monish Ghodke 
from HDFC Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Monish Ghodke: 
So this quality control order which will be effective for cotton 
bale procurement. So what impact will it have on your cotton 
procurement strategy? 
P. Nataraj: 
Sir, just now government has announced, we have to wait and 
see what kind of the policy or the system or the control, any 
checklist or how government is going to monitor all these things 
that we have to see. This only just week before government has 
announced, so still there is already all the association has wrote 
letter to the Ministry, because in India, it is not fully organized. If 
you see the ginning factories are located in the villages and so 
far so many years, there is no system like that. 
And suddenly bringing like this, if they impose what kind of the 
system it will be, what kind of the quality control, how they certify 
it, so that all these things we have to wait and see, there is any 
parameter on this based on that. Now it is almost like half 
season now. The season starts in October and say, almost like 
next couple of months is there. So we have to wait and see, how 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
the system works out. Even generally it is not -- just only the 
announcement came, there is no, what kind of, who is going to 
monitor, how it is certified, all this still we don't know. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay. And so one more question, this PM Mitra Park, I mean in 
Tamil Nadu, Tamil Nadu state, it will be in Virudhunagar. So 
assuming, I know the demand is sluggish now, but assuming the 
demand improves over time, and you, I mean, if you want to set 
up excess capacity, will you be looking at PM Mitra Park? 
P. Nataraj: 
We are looking for that also, but still again, I know that they 
announced, even previously two years back announced and just 
six months back they announced the location, but still the land is 
not identified and government said they will create all 
infrastructure facilities, but you know, so it seems it also will take 
a long time. Only location they identified and procurement of 
land and creating facilities I think it may take maybe at least a 
couple of years, so we have to wait and see. 
Monish Ghodke: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Akshay Chheda 
from Canada Rebeco Mutual Fund. Please go ahead.  
Akshay Chheda: 
Yes, sir. Just one question on this yarn side. So how is the 
market shaping up? I mean, you did explain the challenges that 
the smaller players in the south are facing, so does it benefit us 
in anyway? I mean can you expect the margins to improve in the 
second half 16-17 or it’s a fastest target? Just this was one 
question. 
PL Murugappan: 
We hope that the margins will improve in the second half, and 
we are seeing some improvement now. We hope that it will 
restore level of margin in the second half.  
Akshay Chheda: 
Okay, thank you. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. the next question from the line of Deepak Patel, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Patel: 
I heard that the Tamil Nadu government switch all textile 
industry to enter in technical textile. So are we reached around 
that? 
P. Nataraj: 
No, sir, technical textile market is very small, and a few people 
have invested in that. And they're still not in a big way, improving 
in India. So we have no idea of going into technical textile 
presently. 
Deepak Patel: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab 
Debbarma from Antique Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: Thanks management, for taking my call. Sir, I'm looking at the 
outlook that we have in the outlook, just one question there. 
Because on the growth number in the previous quarter con call, 
you said around double-digit growth in FY '24. So do you think, 
you would be able to achieve that double-digit growth in FY '24 
then? 
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, it is very early to judge, but the growth will be there. We are 
hoping that, it 10% to 12% growth will be there. That's what we 
hope. 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay. And one final question on this is that, in the textile capex 
that you have done, and -- what would be the incremental 
revenue that we expect from this Vortex spinning capex in textile 
segment? 
PL Murugappan: 
Vortex spinning will give a revenue of close to about INR140 
crores to INR150 crores on an annual basis. 
Biplab Debbarma: And that would have a similar kind of margin like yarn? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
PL Murugappan: 
The margin is more or less stable base, it is like yarn. Cotton 
Yarn margin is reduced, but it will be a stable margin. 
Biplab Debbarma:  So that means 15%, 16% kind of margin but stable? 
PL Murugappan: 
15%, 16% kind of a margin, but it will be stable. 
Biplab Debbarma:  Okay. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek 
Nigam. Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Nigam: Yes, hi. Thank you so much. Sir for FY ‘24, you said, you've 
given a target of say about you know, 150 million pieces odd for 
garmenting. So for FY ‘25, is there a number that you have in 
mind? Like say 170 million ballpark? So that's my first question. 
And the second question is, can you do that with existing 
capacity? Or do you really have to set up something like some 
kind of Brownfield expansion to do that? 
PL Murugappan: 
See, we are waiting for the things to improve. If we are doing it, 
it will be done through a Brownfield expansion. 
Abhishek Nigam: Okay, so with existing capacity, you can only go up to 150 million 
or so? 
PL Murugappan: 
150 to or so. 
Abhishek Nigam: 150 to or so. Okay. And in case you do a Brownfield expansion, 
how much time does it take to set it up? 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, it may be two months, three months time. 
Abhishek Nigam: Two months, three months. And we already have, like the 
location and all for that?  
P Nataraj: 
Yes, locations and factories are the existing facility. Only, we 
need to add lines and increase the capacity, yes. 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Abhishek Nigam: So two months, three months for setting it up and then another 
three months, four months maybe to sort of ramp it up? 
P Nataraj: 
 
Yes, that’s right. 
Abhishek Nigam: Okay, sounds good. Nothing else from me for now. I think 
operator, there is one question in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. The next question is from the line of Sundar from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sundar: 
Thank you. So, thanks for the questions. But one clarification 
that I needed very specific to the last question that was raised in 
terms of Brownfield. I thought, this time in the annual report we 
had mentioned that, we are doing a Brownfield, which can add 
about 10 to 20 million pieces. Will that not come through FY ‘24, 
sir? 
PL Murugappan: 
Sir, it is on pipeline. We are just waiting for the market to 
improve. Once it improves, we can do it. The machines are all 
available off the shelf. We can do it. Because facilities are all 
available, we can do it. 
Sundar:              Right, and the required amount of labor, that's also available     
easily? 
PL Murugappan: 
That can be added. 
Sundar: 
Right, sir, and just one hypothetical question here. is that last 
time, when we did that addition at Chengappalli for                  
4200 hundred pieces, we did it at about a 14 month time frame. 
Now should we assume a similar time frame if we were to do 
another Greenfield? 
PL Murugappan: 
Greenfield, maybe it will take. 
Sundar: 
 
It will take about 14 months- 15 months, sir? 

 
 
KPR Mill Limited
 
 
August 04, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
PL Murugappan: 
Yes, because the construction will take about six months- seven 
months, the ramping up will take about nine months to –one 
year. 
Sundar: 
 
Right, sir. Fair enough. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to the participants, anyone wishing to 
ask a question, may please press star and one. As there are no 
further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Nigam for his closing comments. 
Abhishek Nigam: Yes, thank you so much everyone for joining this call and many 
thanks to the management for the insights. And, sir, if you have 
any closing comments to make, then that would be great. 
P. Nataraj : 
Thank you, Abhishek, once again. KPR has a positive outlook 
for the future with its key strengths, and we believe that, we will 
be able to deliver better performance in the years to come with 
the strong support from all the stakeholders. Thank you. Thank 
you all once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Batlivala and Karani Securities India 
Pvt. Ltd., that concludes this conference call. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Abhishek Nigam: Thank you. 
