 
 
RKL/SX/2023-24/51 
August 10, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on August 04, 2023  
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on Friday, August 04, 2023, for the Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. The same is also uploaded on the website of 
the Company at www.radicokhaitan.com.  
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
(Dinesh Kumar Gupta) 
Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Bareilly Road, Rampur-4490l (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No-L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2023.08.10 
11:32:55 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
  
       
First Quarter 
4
August 4
3
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Radico Khaitan’s Q1 
FY2024 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you Carol. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat 
Capital, we welcome you all to Q1 FY2024 earnings conference call of 
Radico Khaitan. We would like to thank the management for giving us 
the opportunity to host the call. On the call we have with us Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan - Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha - Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya - Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sanjeev Banga - President International Business. Let me hand over 
the floor to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q1 FY2024 results conference call.  
We have started the fiscal year FY2024 on a strong note with Prestige 
& Above category brands growing over 27% year-on-year. This was led 
by all our core brands such as Magic Moments Vodka which crossed 
1.5 million cases sale during the quarter. Morpheus Premium Brandy, 
After Dark Blue Whisky, 1965 Spirit of Victory Premium Rum, etc. Both 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
consumer and trade response for the new packaging of 8PM Premium 
Black Whisky has been very encouraging and it has continued its 
strong growth trajectory.  
Over the last couple of years, white spirits category in India has grown 
faster than any other category. In 2006 when we launched Magic 
Moments Vodka, the category was nascent and gradually Magic 
Moments became a category creator. Today, it is the seventh largest 
vodka globally and we hold 60% market share of the entire vodka 
industry in India.  
Now we are seeing a similar scenario with the craft gin space. Few 
years ago, this space was non-existent in India. Jaisalmer is the only 
Indian brand in the luxury gin space and has over 50% market share. 
Capitalizing on the opportunity in the Indian craft gin space with 
Jaisalmer’s success, we are now tapped into the super-premium gin 
category where the industry size is much larger given a more 
affordable price point. The growth in this segment is also very strong. 
During the quarter, we announced the launch of our latest addition to 
the super premium product portfolio, “Happiness in a Bottle: A Happily 
Crafted Gin.” The collection features three exciting variants Joy of 
Juniper, Joy of Pink, and Joy of Citrus. With the introduction of the “Joy 
of Pink” variant, we have ventured into the unique pink gin category. 
While each of these expressions has been curated from a selection of 
15 botanicals, standout ingredient across all variants is Ashwagandha, 
a renowned herb known for its vitality and mood-enhancing 
properties. Happiness has initially been launched in Rajasthan and will 
be rolled out in four to five more states in Q2 FY2024. This brand will 
also go on to create a unique position for itself and become a category 
creator as many of our previous launches. We also plan to launch one 
more luxury whisky brand in the second half of FY2024.  

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
While there have been signs of deflation in certain commodities, the 
scenario remains volatile for glass and ENA. We continue to cautiously 
monitor the industry trends. Given the IMFL portfolio premiumization 
and price increases in both IMFL and country liquor businesses, we 
have seen our margins improved significantly on quarter-on-quarter 
basis. Although, we have faced raw material pressure in the short 
term, but that does not impact the mid-to-long term growth and 
margin trajectory.  
Our Sitapur project is progressing well and in the last stage of 
implementation. We expect to start commercial production during Q2 
FY2024.  
Radico Khaitan is progressing firmly on the path of its exciting 
premium brand creation journey which will be further strengthened 
by the backward integrated manufacturing platform. Going forward 
we continue to focus on our long-term plans of premium IMFL 
portfolio expansion with new brands introduction in both white and 
brown spirits and leveraging the benefits of our capital investments.  
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you and over to you Dilip! 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call 
today.  
During Q1 of FY2024, we reported a total volume of 7.36 million cases, 
which is a 8% growth on year-on-year basis. Prestige & Above category 
volume grew by 27.2%. Including the royalty brand, our P&A volume 
growth is around 33%. In value terms, the Prestige & Above category 
registered 40% growth. During FY2023, we had rationalized volume of 
certain regular category brands as a conscious strategic decision to 
mitigate input cost pressure. With the recent price increases, we have 
seen improvement in the regular volumes on quarter-on-quarter 
basis.  

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Prestige & Above category now accounts for 36.5% of IMFL volume 
compared to 29.6% in Q1 FY2023. Improvement in IMFL realization is 
due 
to 
a 
combination 
of 
price 
increases 
and 
continued 
premiumization. On year-on-year basis, there was a 160 bps impact 
due to the price increase on our IMFL sales value.  
On quarter-on-quarter basis, our gross margin improved significantly 
due to the price increase received in country liquor business. This has 
also been supported by price increase and ongoing premiumization in 
IMFL business.  
On Y-O-Y basis, despite significant commodity inflation across ENA and 
glass bottles we have been able to sustain gross margins. Although 
prices of certain packaging materials have softened recently, we 
cautiously monitor the trend of ENA and glass bottles where volatility 
persists. Glass cost increased by over 15% and ENA price by around 
8% on year-on-year basis.  
Other expenses increased due to track and trace duty which was 
earlier recovered from customers and now it is a part of EDP and cost 
to us. Some of the other expenditure is on account of higher power 
and fuel costs.  
Overall, we have a strong financial position, comfortable liquidity. 
During these times, we are taking all necessary steps to sustain our 
financial strength, maintain robust business model and grow 
consistently, competitively, and profitably.  
With this we now open the lines for questions and answers. 
Question & Asnwer:  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Firstly, congrats on very good set of numbers. You have seen very 
strong growth in the P&A volumes, which is stronger than the good 
numbers posted by the market leader. So want to understand what is 
driving this? any particular states are you getting a bit more market 
share? I understand a lot of your premium luxury products are doing 
well but would you point out any particular states where there has 
been market share gain? 
Amar Sinha: 
So first of all, I must tell you that the P&A segment growth that we are 
witnessing is across all states and geographies wherever we are 
present. First of all, Magic Moments is commanding a 60% market 
share and is on a healthy growth rate of 38 to 40% across all 
geographies. Secondly, 8PM Premium Black that we launched three 
years back is now a 3 million case brand and is very buoyant, well 
accepted in the prestige category. It is the fastest growing whisky 
brand in India. It is available in states like Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, 
Uttar Pradesh, Assam, Jharkhand, so it is growing at a very fast pace in 
all these markets. So besides as I said 8PM Black and Magic family, 
which is big, there are other premium brands that we have launched 
like Royal Ranthambore, which is very well accepted and started 
growing at a very rapid rate. 1965 Premium Rum is now the largest 
selling premium rum in the defence sector and in the domestic market, 
it is now reaching a high market share wherever it is present and in the 
days ahead it will be a brand to reckon with in the domestic sector. So 
if you come to think about it all the brands are responding, Jaisalmer 
is doing extremely well. Last year we maintained a 50% plus market 
share and in fact in the quarter gone by, you will be surprised we have 
a 70% plus market share. It is a very encouraging response to all our 
premium brands and this growth trajectory  is there to stay. Thank you 
very much. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Thanks. A very quick question now again UK FTA talk seem to be 
in final stages it has been in final stages for two years, so do not know 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
when it will come. My very simple question is will any of your brands 
get impacted by this and will be concerned on this if at all it happens? 
Amar Sinha: 
First of all, let me tell you that the UK FTA is on the cards and like the 
treaties that has been struck with Australia where the interest of 
domestic industry has been well protected. We know that the 
Government of India will protect the domestic industry, however, I 
must tell you that as far as Radico is concerned it is a unique situation 
where we are breaching all price points in the premium and luxury 
categories moving up and up on the price ladder and we do not really 
see a great impact with the UK FTA impacting our brands. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure my last quick question is on the two key raw materials on glass, 
the number one beer company said that for the balance part of this 
year at least the next two quarters they do not expect any meaningful 
correction would you also have the same thought process and on ENA 
with all this very high inflation in rice and government regulations also 
saying that ethanol in terms of grain usage, etc., some restriction how 
do you see inflation in ENA for the balance part of the year? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the glass prices as you know has been given increase two times last 
year. We do not foresee any more inflation in the glass prices, rather 
some correction has taken place in the recent past. As far as the ENA 
is concerned, yes, the grain prices have been on the rise. But we see 
this is a matter of 2-3 months. When the new crop comes, the prices 
generally come again on the declining trend. Secondly, as far as the 
government FCI policy on the ethanol is concerned, there is an 
interaction going on continuous basis between the industry and the 
government and I think it should also get resolved. So, we see some 
inflation till October-November and thereafter it should be again on a 
normalizing trend. But yes, the commodity is volatile. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure Sir. Thanks. That is all from me. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwani Kumar from 
Edelweiss Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
Good afternoon. Sir, how many states have allowed a price increase 
for you people in the last two quarters especially in this quarter? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
There are eight to nine states who have given price increase; the bigger 
one is Telangana. As we said in earlier call also that the weighted 
average last year we got a price increase of 300 plus basis points and 
whatever price increase materialized till Q1 FY2024, the weighted 
average impact on the topline will be around 170-180 basis points 
Amar Sinha: 
But the positive side of this is that 10 states have given price increase 
which will impact FY2024 and the government in most states have 
been very receptive to the pain of the industry so that is a very positive 
sign for our alcohol sector. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
Even in this quarter itself you made very strong margins of profit 12.5% 
against 9.8% in the last quarter I want to say for Q4 FY2023 so what is 
the kind of margin which you make for this entire year? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we already spoken and guided that we expect the margin for this 
year to be in the mid teen kind of things, so we continue to maintain 
that guidance 14-15%. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
Do we expect to go back to the margins of roughly FY2021 or FY2020 
in the range of 16-17% by when if at all? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we agree on that. In two to three years’ time, we aspire that with 
this kind of brand portfolio and premiumization and premium brands 
growing in strong double digit that late teen margin in 3-4 years we are 
expecting. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
By when is our ethyl alcohol plant expected the expansion which we 
were doing? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the Greenfield Sitapur plant will come into operation in the Q2 of 
FY2024. 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ashwani Kumar: 
Q2 and by what capacity will we will reach by end of FY2024? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, it will be around 95 to 100% capacity by the end of FY2024 because 
plant stabilizes in couple of months and thereafter it will run on 95 to 
100%. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
Any other capacity expansion expected at the end product on the RM 
side? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
No, we do not expect any more expansion on the distillation side. We 
have had this expansion keeping in view 5 to 7 years’ requirement for 
our P&A category and other growth like regular in consumption is 
growing, so we will have this distillation capex taking care of our 
requirement for next 6-7 years. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
What is the current debt on the books Sir? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Current net debt is 700 Crores. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
What is the repayment schedule for the debt? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Next four-and-a-half years, the debt will be paid as per schedule. 
However as per our plans we expect by 2026 we should be negligible 
to a zero-debt kind of company. 
Ashwani Kumar: 
On the current profit of roughly Rs. 60 Crores a quarter what is the 
kind of FCF or the OCF we generate? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we said that after meeting the needs of the capex and working 
capital requirement, we will be able to generate FCF by which we will 
be able to repay the debt this year, next year, and by 2026? 
Ashwani Kumar: 
Got that. Thanks a lot Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from 
Bowhead. Please go ahead. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sir thank you for this opportunity. Could you repeat what is the EBITDA 
margin guidance you gave for this year and does that include the 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
benefit of backward integration or this is excluding the benefit of 
backward integration? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The EBITDA margin still does not have the impact of the backward 
integration as far as Sitapur Greenfield is concerned. As we said that 
by the year end when we have operation of Sitapur and everything, we 
will be in the mid teen kind of EBITDA margin. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Sir this mid teen margin which you are talking about it is more like Q3, 
Q4 kind of guidance including the benefit of Sitapur backward 
integration right? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
So, it includes the Sitapur, got it Sir. You said something about the glass 
prices so are you expecting a correction or it has already happened in 
Q2 or are you expecting Q3 as far as the glass prices are concerned? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
No, I do expect that. If it comes it will be good. We are working with the 
glass industry on that but let us not expect that. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Whatever price hikes we have taken so far in various states some of 
them may have come mid-month last quarter so any further benefits 
of historical prices which will flow through in Q2 and what will be the 
quantum? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the impact in the first quarter has been in the range of around 90 
basis points to 100 basis points because Telangana came in the middle 
of the quarter. As I said that overall, on annualized basis the impact is 
170-180 basis points, so the balance impact from Telangana and some 
of the states is going to materialize in coming quarter and weighted 
average will be 170 basis points. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Good afternoon. I had a question on popular. So, you know you have 
seen a sequential upswing in volume growth on the popular side so 
from here on given that your portfolio the impact of high inflation that 
you would have reduced the salient that would have gone out would 
you expect popular also start delivering volume growth from Q2 
onwards? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, Harit as you have seen that some of the states where the price 
corrections have been done, I think we have again on quarter-on-
quarter basis started giving and servicing the market. As we said that 
our focus is on the P&A category. We expect regular category to grow 
in mid-single digit and we continue to maintain that. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Very clear. The other question was on the gross margins if you 
look at this quarter you have seen a sharp increase driven by the 
country liquor price increase as well as the mix improvement and 
obviously you are expecting 12.5% EBITDA as you progress to do 14-
15% just wanted to understand that progression would that largely be 
driven by further mix improvement from here or you think the bulk of 
this incremental benefits will come from the Sitapur backward 
integration? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
It will be a combination of both. First of all, the product mix is 
improving as luxury and other brands which has been there has been 
growing in 30-40% which is giving us better margins. Sitapur backward 
integration will also give some margin. So, combination of all the 
factors will bring us to mid teen kind of margins. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it and last book keeping was on the depreciation does this quarter 
depreciation fully reflect the Sitapur capex? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As this quarter depreciation is around Rs. 24 Crores and Sitapur will 
get capitalize in Q4 of FY2024. We expect the annualized run rate on 
depreciation to around Rs. 125 Crores, so Rs. 30 to 32 Crores quarterly. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. I have some more I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Jain for 
Baroda BNP. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just one clarification, the 15% margin 
guidance which you are giving it is exit quarter margin or you are 
saying full year FY2024? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Exit quarter margin. 
Sandeep Jain: 
It includes the benefit of the plant which is coming maybe probably 
second half or so that includes the benefit in the EBITDA which will 
come from the raw material sourcing and all? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes, it is combination of all backward integration as well as the brands. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next from the line is from the line of Kaustubh 
Pawaskar from Sharekhan. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Good afternoon, Sir. Thanks for giving me the opportunity and 
congrats for good set of numbers. Sir can you let us know what was 
the industry growth for this quarter and if you can help us with various 
segment growth for example what was the growth for white spirits, 
whisky and rum category, how this category grew in which quarter? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, the industry in this quarter has actually grown by about 5% and the 
coming quarters should see resurgence further. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
If it is possible to give us the segment wise growth like how the white 
has done for this quarter and the whisky segment how they are doing? 
Amar Sinha: 
If you would want segment wise growth, I can help you with that. 
Whisky has grown by about 4%, rum has grown by about 5%, gin has 
grown by about 5%, vodka has grown as an industry by 14% and 
brandy has grown by about 2%. So, there is an overall growth of 4-5% 
of the industry. 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So, our growth in P&A is around 26% and overall volume growth of 
around 8% is ahead of the industry but especially in P&A we have seen 
that our growth has been better than the earlier guidance of around 
15-18% so considering the responses you are getting in various 
markets and the launches you are planning to do in the quarters ahead 
should we enhance this guidance close to 20% in the coming years 
because of the market share gains and the response what we are 
getting into various market? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we continue to maintain the guidance of 15-18% growth in P&A 
category consistently every quarter over last year and as far as the 
regular is concerned, we still maintain mid-single digit growth. Overall 
growth, we expect around 9-10% and on topline, it is 15-16%. So, the 
growth can be higher but as far as we maintain this because we believe 
in it. First quarter, we have grown 33% if we include royalty brand but 
that is a market demand and we are catering to that. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
For the overall realization growth in this quarter what would be the 
growth because of the improvement in the mix? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the realization improvement is 400 basis points in this quarter over 
last quarter. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
What could be because of the mix and the price increase, price 
increase impact would be around 80 to 90 BPS? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Rest is product premiumization. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Got your point Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shivang Joshi from 
Centrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Hello thank you for the opportunity. Sir wanted to understand can you 
give indicative range of gross margins that you would be making on 
the IMFL and non-IMFL and just a clarification since you got the price 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
hike in non-IMFL segment you would be back to about high single digit 
EBITDA margin in next phase or is it higher during the quarter? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
EBITDA margin on our non-IMFL is in the range of around 6% and on 
IMFL side, it is 15% for this quarter. Gross margin on non-IMFL is 
around 9.5% and it is more than 50% in IMFL category. 
Shivang Joshi: 
I remember in one of our earlier conversation’s, luxury or crafted 
products the super-premium category, super premium luxury 
products can you give an indication of what they would be in terms of 
overall revenue any indicative number, how much they would be 
contributing in further revenues in the quarter or how much do you 
expect them to contribute in FY2024 versus FY2023 you will have 
higher availability of ENA for your luxury products this year? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
In the luxury portfolio, we do not give any guidance on revenue or 
anything but what we can say surely that now especially with the 
increased capacity of Rampur and the way Jaisalmer is responding 
both internationally as well as in the domestic market, in the next 1-2 
years it will significantly contribute to our bottom-line. 
Shivang Joshi: 
The intention is just to understand in FY20-21 when we used to do 50% 
plus gross margins we have substantially taken up our portfolio in 
terms of premiumization yet when we see the gross margin levels the 
gross margin still appear to be roughly around 43-44% on a blended 
basis this is first quarter after receiving the price hike in non-IMFL, now 
I understand your entire raw material basket has been taking major 
inflation, but as things smoothen when do we expect your gross 
margins to touch the earlier levels of close to 50% on a blended basis? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
You are right that in 2021-22, we had a gross margin between 49 to 
50%. Last year FY2022-23, the inflation on grain and glass prices has 
taken away almost 900 basis points from the gross margin which has 
been compensated by price increase and product premiumization. 
Now nobody can predict about the commodity prices. However, with 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
the current state of the commodity pricing, I think the current margin 
is around 43.5%, we expect again go back to this 48% kind of margin 
in 2-3 years’ time with the product premiumization. The point is this is 
all being made good from the product mix so had this cost push not 
been there then margin would have been upward of 50%%. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Sir your benefits of backward integration would also kick in higher 
gross margin right when you are saying 40-50% should we assume 
even higher number when we are factoring the benefits coming from 
the backward integration and currently what is the spread? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The backward integration is part of the total business model because 
we are going to use whole of the ENA captively in 3-4 years’ time. The 
margins which we are expecting is a combination of the backward 
integrated facility and the premiumization both put together. 
Shivang Joshi: 
At the current ENA pricing the raw material cost, what would be 
roughly the cap between make versus buying per liter if you can give 
an indicative number? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Currently the ENA is in the range of Rs. 69 to 70 per liter on landed 
basis. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Rs.10 sometime, 8 sometime. It will be in the range of Rs 10-12 per 
litre, so it depends on the grain prices. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Taurani from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Taurani: 
Hi thanks for taking my question. My question was on the regular 
segment. You mentioned that growth in volume could be mid to high 
single digit over there with a decline in Q1 could we expect that true 
recovery will be sharper in terms of the regular volume and what 
would drive that? 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the point is we have started after four to five quarters sequentially 
the improvement in our regular category and the 5% which we talk 
about will be for the whole year based on the business plan. Some of 
the price increase in the regular category has come in. If some more 
comes in we continue but our focus is on the Prestige & Above 
category where we with the current buoyant product mix and 
premiumization happening in the company as well we are expecting a 
strong growth there. 
Karan Taurani: 
Right the second question was on backward integration. So, I think we 
mentioned earlier that the positive impact of this backward integration 
is somewhere close to 150 to 180 BPS on the EBITDA or the gross 
margin now with this rice prices going higher and the grain being 
under pressure do we maintain that guidance of positive impact? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So first of all, this is again a temporary phase because the rise in the 
grain prices is abnormal in the last 3-4 months but we do not expect 
that the commodity prices continue to be the upward so when we 
guided about 150-180 basis points it was in a normal circumstance. It 
is like the earlier the own versus the bought-out ENA was around 
Rs.12, today it is Rs 8 to 9 so it varies. It is a matter of 2-3 months 
thereafter again when it normalizes it will come back. 
Karan Taurani: 
Alright thanks and just the third and the last question would be around 
the potential market share within the Prestige & Above segment in the 
whisky category so as you said 8PM Black you are seeing traction in 
other brands like Royal Ranthambore as well but any update to kind 
of innovate within the middle and above prestige segment or maybe 
in the luxury segment to compete with peers over there as well like 
Pernod? 
Amar Sinha: 
If you look at the industry how it has behaved in the P&A category, the 
P&A category has actually moved up 1% from 21% to 22% of the total 
IMFL sales. So Radico is growing in the P&A category much faster than 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
the industry that is purely because we are focusing on premiumization 
and this trend shall continue. 
Karan Taurani: 
Alright so let me put it this way, apart from 8PM Black which are the 
whisky brands that you are betting upon for getting this strong P&A 
growth within whisky category. 
Amar Sinha: 
We were not a dominant player earlier in the whisky category. We have 
a leadership position in the gin, in the vodka, in the brandy segments, 
all premium segments and now it is a year of transformation where 
whisky is becoming a mainstay. 8PM Premium Black was 1 million in 
the first year, 2 million in the second year, 3 million in the third year 
and we are betting strong for the 4th million in this year. Having said 
this Royal Ranthambore is the big future brand of this country. We are 
looking at doubling our volumes in the current year and it has been 
very well accepted, doing very well across all markets that we have 
gone and launched and it is the first Indian whisky, we claim it is the 
finest blend ever made in India. It is the first Indian whisky which is 
competing with international brands priced higher than them so that 
is a big one that we are betting on. Then there are some other whisky 
brands like After Dark Blue which has been launched in some states 
and it has been very well received but I would say 8PM Premium Black 
and Royal Ranthambore just now and in the second half of the year we 
come up with another luxury whisky to enhance our portfolio. 
Karan Taurani: 
Got it Sir. There is a plan in place to expand the whisky portfolio as well 
apart from the gin and vodka where you have a significant recall. 
Amar Sinha: 
Absolutely. 
Karan Taurani: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Tulsyan from 
Vision Ahead. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Sir my question is that how your brands are doing internationally and 
which of the luxury brands you expect they will do better than the 
overseas market like Rampur, Royal Ranthambore and my second 
question is after your successful launch of ready to mix vodka in 
Karnataka so how big you see this as a product category and how was 
the July month third question? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Let us talk about first the luxury portfolio and more so in the 
international market. Rampur as you know has been an all-time 
favorite with the people outside of India as well and we are at the 
moment about eight expressions of Rampur in the international 
market. Key markets include US, Europe, Middle East, Australia, 
Singapore and the travel retail is also very significant channel for us. 
The brands are doing exceedingly well as we always being saying we 
are unable to meet the demand because of the malt availability but we 
addressed that couple of years ago when we tripled our malt 
distillation capacity. A lot of malt is going to be available as we go 
forward in this year. This year we hope to triple the volumes of our 
Rampur Indian single malt this year compared to last year. Same is the 
situation with Jaisalmer. We had the Jaisalmer Classic and mid-last year 
we launched the Gold edition. Both the expressions of Jaisalmer are 
also doing very well in the international market and even in the Indian 
domestic market where we have more than 50% of the luxury gin 
space. Sangam the new World Malt that we have just introduced, the 
first shipments have reached couple of markets now and hopefully we 
should get the feedback and response and we will be expanding that 
also in the very near future. So, in terms of our luxury portfolio even 
Royal Ranthambore is doing very well in the international markets as 
well as travel retail, so we are very positive of the performance of our 
luxury portfolio in the international market. 
Amar Sinha: 
You just asked about the RTD so let me just give you some information 
on that. Magic Moments Vodka cocktail has been launched in 330 ml 

 
 
 
 
 
18 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
cans we have deliberately avoided bottles because it appeals to the 
younger target audience and it has been emerging trend. It is in three 
flavors cola, mojito, and cosmopolitan. It has been launched largely to 
capitalize on the growing cocktail trend and the RTD increase after the 
pandemic. The culture of drinking at home with friends has gone up 
and that is what we want to capitalize on. The market actually you will 
be surprised in the two years between 2021 and 2022 has grown by 
39-40%. Between 2022 and 2027 the projection is a growth of CAGR of 
10%. Now traditionally cocktails in the country have always been made 
from vodka so we have seen this as a big opportunity to use the biggest 
vodka brand Magic Moments to create the biggest RTD brand which is 
Magic Moments vodka cocktail. It is a great product well received in 
Karnataka and now seeing the response we are going ahead and 
launching in four states as we speak which is J&K, Rajasthan, Goa and 
soon to be launched in more states in south, north and east India but 
over the next 12 months it should be a national product. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Sir can we also expect similar product in other liquor ready to mix like 
in whisky and other gin variants? 
Amar Sinha: 
We do not have any such plans right now. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
How was the July month? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
I think quarter-on-quarter at this point of time as we have guided that 
we will complete our targets on annualized basis. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from 
Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Great results congratulations on that. My question was on the luxury 
portfolio post the capex that you are doing of backward integration 
and better quality in ENA and malt to what extent does this suffice your 
volume expectations if 8PM has to grow at a strong rate or Royal 

 
 
 
 
 
19 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ranthambore which is more of an Indian whisky and we are really 
seeing very strong growth, what kind of volumes is your current 
capacity or post capex capacity good enough to support that you do 
not have to re-invest further? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
In fact, the backward integration has been taken as a strategic call to 
grow our branded business and first of all at this point of time also we 
procure around 7 Crores liters of alcohol annually in various part of 
the country. So, in future also our own ENA which will cater to our 
production and the growth we will continue to buy some of the alcohol 
outside also and I cannot put at this point of time the number that it 
will be able to cater we are doing 32 million right now. The growth what 
is happening in India continues to be there. As we said that it will be 
sufficient for next 7 years that we have our internal distillation capacity 
and some of that will be outsourced from outside producer as well so 
we do not see the constraint of the capacity of distillation in future. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
I asked that because even in brand like Black Dog has become 3 million 
cases I do not see why Royal Ranthambore cannot achieve that in the 
next few years because it is growing at a very rapid pace? 
Amar Sinha: 
Royal Ranthambore is a star product of the country today not only 
Radico the response is extremely encouraging and I can assure you 
that in the times ahead it is going to be a brand to reckon with. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Great thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my question Sir. The question pertains to the impact 
of Karnataka where we are seeing the duty increase so how do you see 
on that and what volumes that Karnataka is contributing? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the Karnataka duty increase definitely is steep increase and with 
this increase there is bound to be some impact on the volume side but 

 
 
 
 
 
20 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
as we have seen in the past also that duty increase and the new MRP 
and all that adjusted in due course of time. I think in the next one to 
two quarters again the volume which might get impacted because of 
the steep increase in duty will get adjusted. 
Saket Somani: 
Just to add one thing Karnataka is predominantly a regular category 
market, so from overall Radico strategy focus perspective certainly it 
does not impact much. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
What percentage of volume is coming from it? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
It is around 9 to 10% of overall volume. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
My second question is related to the other expense which you have 
said earlier that due to some change in track and trace can you 
elaborate more on that? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The excise policy which was announced in Uttar Pradesh earlier we 
were getting reimbursement from the customer now it’s becoming 
part of the other expenditure. 
Saket Somani: 
So, comes under revenue as well as the cost side. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Lastly on the Royal Ranthambore you said you are looking to double 
the volume from this particular brand so by when do you intend to 
achieve a million cases any internal target that you have on Royal 
Ranthambore? 
Amar Sinha: 
It is operating basically in a very, very premium segment which is the 
scotch segment and there we are seeing a very good traction for it. I 
think we need some more time this year we should double our 
volume. I think by next year we should be able to actually project our 
volumes for the next three to four years. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayur Gathani from 
Ohm Portfolio. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
21 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Mayur Gathani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to have an update on 
Delhi what is happening there, is there any improvement? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, Delhi right now is a stressed market. The policy is yet to settle 
down. It is still going through its own highs and lows. We are actually 
getting a reasonably good volume and we are happy with it. Industry 
needs to work out a solution with the government on the policy, 
maybe in the coming policy for sure. Right now, the market is 
struggling. 
Mayur Gathani: 
So how much Delhi contributes to your revenue is it a significant 
market? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
It is in the range of 2 to 2.5%. 
Mayur Gathani: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshika Khemka 
from AV Fincorp. Please go ahead. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. 
Most of my questions have been answered. I had just one last 
bookkeeping question. You had answered one of the participants 
regarding EBITDA margin by segment could you please repeat that? 
The EBTIDA margins as per non-IMFL, IMFL and P&A category? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, IMFL blended EBITDA margin is 15% and non-IMFL is 6%. 
Darshika Khemka: 
For the regular and P&A? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we do not actually give that, but definitely premiums are much, 
much higher than regular. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anurag Jain, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Jain: 
Good afternoon. My question is on the non-IMFL business, the non-
IMFL business revenue was 248.6 Crores in the quarter gone by could 

 
 
 
 
 
22 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
you please throw more light on this business what is the current 
position and medium-term outlook for this business? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
For the non-IMFL business because we have put up a facility at Sitapur 
so there is a bottling capacity put up for UPML and CL as well so the 
growth in non-IMFL has been on account of that. We have seen a 
volume growth of around 31% on Y-o-Y basis and around 11% on Q-o-
Q basis. There has been a price increase in the range of 15-16%, which 
has also been reflected in the revenue numbers and UPML prices are 
higher than the CL prices so there is some impact of the product mix 
as well. 
Anurag Jain: 
Alright. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Tulsyan from 
Vision Ahead. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Sir can you also give up your export breakup in terms of total 
percentage of sales what is export and what is the domestic sales? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of volume, it is about 4 to 5%, in terms of value it is about 6-
8%. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
What do you expect in next five years this export market? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Well, it is all dependent upon the mix that we do in the domestic and 
the international so it is always healthy competition that we will keep 
having internally, but we expect both domestic and international to 
keep growing at a rapid pace. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Sir which one will grow faster export or domestic? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Too difficult to predict because domestic would like to grow faster than 
export and export would like to grow faster, but eventually Radico that 
is keep growing. 
Vikas Tulsyan: 
Thanks. 

 
 
 
 
 
23 | P a g e 
 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference back to the management for 
their closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. We are confident of 
maintaining 
our 
long-term 
margin 
expansion 
given 
the 
premiumization of portfolio and recently received price increases both 
in IMFL and non-IMFL segments.  
We look forward to interacting with you on our next earning call. In the 
meanwhile, if you have any queries, please feel free to write to us. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital we conclude today’s conference. 
Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
