 
 
 
May 24, 2023 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Post Results Earnings Call held on May 18, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Company’s Q4 FY23 
post results earnings call held on May 18, 2023. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA 
SONI 
Date: 2023.05.24 
17:39:35 +05'30'

 
1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q4 FY 23  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
May 18, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                        MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 

 
2 of 23 
 
Ganesh Nayak:  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post results 
teleconference for the fourth quarter and the financial year ended 
March 31,2023. On today's call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel, 
Managing Director; Mr. Nitin Parikh, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. 
Arvind Bothra, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Mr. 
Alok Garg, Senior Vice President from the Managing Director’s 
Office.  
I'm sure you would have gone through the financials and other 
material which we have filed with the stock exchanges.  
To begin with, let me give you an overview of the performance for 
the year gone by. As we progressed through the year, all 
businesses demonstrated strong momentum and delivered double 
digit growth consistently. Consequently, we close the year on an 
encouraging note, with overall revenue growth of 14%. Our 
EBITDA growth of 16% was faster than the revenue growth, thanks 
to margin improvement achieved during the year. 
Our formulations business in India built further on the growth 
momentum from the previous financial year and registered 
double-digit growth through the year on a COVID adjusted base. 
Our consumer wellness business grew in double digits despite 
softer consumer demand due to increased inflationary pressure 
affecting 
discretionary 
spends. 
Performance 
of 
our 
US 
formulations business improved significantly during the year as 
the business grew sequentially every quarter on the back of 
volume expansion and meaningful new product launches 
throughout the year. As a part of our ongoing initiative, we 
continuously analyse our spend base and identify and implement 
various ideas across functions to unlock the efficiencies in our 
operations. Our innovation journey continues to make progress 
and achieve important milestones. 
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the 
year gone by. During the year, we recorded consolidated revenues 
of Rs. 172.4 billion, a growth of 14% year-on-year. EBITDA margins 
expanded during the year despite high base and stood at 22.4% of 
the revenues, which is an improvement of 30 basis points over the 
previous year. EBITDA margin, adjusted for one-time COVID 
related inventory provision, stood at 23.1%. Consequently, the 
consolidated EBITDA for the year grew by 16% to Rs. 38.6 billion. 
Net profit for the year, adjusted for certain exceptional and non-
recurring items and the impact of discontinued operations, stood 
at Rs. 26.6 billion, up 16%. The balance sheet strengthened further 

 
3 of 23 
 
as we had a net cash position of Rs. 5.5 billion as on 31st March 
2023 against the net cash of Rs. 0.6 billion as on 31st March, 2022.  
With this, let me go to our performance for the quarter gone by. 
I'm happy to inform you that our quarterly revenues crossed the 
Rs. 50 billion mark driven by robust performance across segments. 
Coming to the quarterly financial numbers, we registered 
revenues of Rs. 50.1 billion, up 32% year-on-year. Reported 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 12.6 billion, up 75% year-on-year 
and 31% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood 
at 25.1%, which is an improvement of 620 basis points on a year-
on-year and 260 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Net 
profit, adjusted for certain exceptional and non-recurring items 
and the impact of discontinued operations, stood at Rs. 9 billion, 
up 71% year-on-year.  
We expect all our businesses to sustain healthy growth on the 
back of our rich portfolio of products and focused execution 
efforts. 
Now let me take you through the operating highlights for the 
fourth quarter of FY23 for our key business segments. Our India 
geography, which comprises of formulations and the consumer 
wellness business, accounted for 41% of the total revenues during 
the quarter and grew 11% year-on-year. The India geography 
consistently delivered double digit growth in the current fiscal, 
adjusted for COVID related revenues in formulations business last 
year. Our formulations business in the India geography posted 
revenues of Rs. 12.9 billion, up 11% year-on-year. Excluding 
revenues from COVID related products, growth during the quarter 
was 12% year-on-year. On a full year basis too, the business 
delivered 12% growth, excluding revenues from COVID related 
products from the base. We continued to work towards 
strengthening our presence in our focused therapy areas. Our first 
new chemical entity, the brand Lipaglyn continued to enhance the 
reach as it expanded the patient base by 37% during the year. On 
the super speciality front, we retained our leadership position in 
the nephrology segment while in the oncology space, we were the 
fastest growing company. Our consumer wellness business 
recorded revenues of Rs. 7.1 billion, up 12% year-on-year. The 
business experienced gradual recovery in consumer sentiments 
during the quarter though the urban demand still remained 
stronger than the rural demand. However, the rural demand 
slowdown seems to have bottomed out and we expect recovery 
going forward. With appropriate price increases across the 
portfolio undertaken over the last few quarters coupled with 

 
4 of 23 
 
stabilizing inflation in key inputs except milk, the business 
registered improvement in gross margins, and was in line with the 
gross margin of Q4 FY22. 
Now let me take you to the performance of our US formulations 
business. The business accounted for 46% of the consolidated 
revenues during the quarter with revenues of Rs. 22.5 billion and 
registered robust 17% growth sequentially. The business delivered 
sequential growth during each quarter of the current financial 
year. Growth during the quarter was driven by new launches and 
volume expansion in existing products. We launched eight new 
products during the quarter. New launches for the quarter include 
Topiramate extended-release capsules, which was the first generic 
launch of the product in the US market. During the quarter, we 
filed two additional ANDAs and received 28 new product 
approvals, including five tentative approvals. Our Emerging 
Markets and Europe formulations business continued to deliver 
healthy growth with all major markets contributing to the growth 
during the quarter. The business posted revenues of Rs. 4.4 
billion, up 34% year-on-year, excluding revenues from COVID 
related products. 
During the quarter, our Moraiya formulations facility successfully 
completed the pre-approval inspection for transdermal patches by 
the USFDA. Recently, we received the EIR report from the USFDA 
for this inspection. Our formulations facility located in Ahmedabad 
SEZ (known as SEZ 1 facility) was also inspected by the USFDA, 
which was a pre-approval as well as GMP inspection. The 
inspection concluded with three observations. We submitted our 
response to the USFDA within the stipulated timeline and are 
awaiting their response to the same. 
This concludes the business review. I will now request Dr. Sharvil 
Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses and 
initiatives in our innovation program. Thank you. 
Sharvil Patel:  
Thank you, Dr. Nayak. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is a 
pleasure to have you all with us today on the call. We are pleased 
with our performance during the quarter and the year gone by as 
both our large geographies India and US continue to deliver 
consistent results driven by focus execution. Our initiatives in R&D 
have continued to progress favourably in order to meet patients’ 
demands across geographies. These investments provide us the 
assurance of sustainable revenue and cash flow stream in the 
future. On the regulatory front, our Moraiya formulations facility 
successfully completed product pre-approval inspection by the 

 
5 of 23 
 
USFDA. It was the second successful inspection in Moraiya during 
the year. We will continue to offer high quality, safe and effective 
healthcare solutions to patients around the world, thanks to a 
commitment to upholding high quality standards and continual 
improvement in the same.  
Our strategic initiatives and interventions over the last six quarters 
have enabled our India formulations business to deliver consistent 
double-digit growth. We expect the trend to continue as we 
remain committed to deliver better than industry growth in the 
medium term. 
The US formulations business had a very successful year with 
revenue momentum continued to improve every quarter driven 
by new product launches and volume expansion. We received 63 
ANDA approvals during the year, which is one of the highest 
number of ANDA approvals received in a single financial year for 
the company. The complex products pipeline developed in-house 
over the years, coupled with strategic BD&L efforts should help to 
deliver sustainable revenue growth in the future. Our agile supply 
chain will help us capitalize on the one time buy opportunities 
that emerge in the US generics market. 
On the innovation front, we are committed to improving patients’ 
lives, as evidenced by the success of our first NCE Saroglitazar 
Magnesium since its launch. We have also created one of the most 
extensive pipelines of biologicals, serving multiple markets 
including low and middle-income countries. This has made the 
treatments affordable and accessible for patients and in turn, has 
delivered strong volume growth consistently. 
With this, let me talk about some of the material developments on 
the innovation effort. On the NCE front, our lead molecule 
Saroglitazar Magnesium is currently undergoing a Phase II (b) 
clinical trial in NASH indication and a Phase II(b)/ III clinical trial for 
PBC indication for the US market. During the quarter, we received 
approval from the regulatory authority of Turkey to conduct trials 
for NASH. The molecule is also undergoing clinical trials in the US 
for PCOS with NAFLD indications. During the quarter, the USFDA 
also granted an orphan drug designation status to our molecule 
ZYIL1 and NLRP3 inhibitor. Earlier this year, the molecule achieved 
positive proof-of-concept in a Phase II clinical trial in patients with 
Cryopyrin Associated Periodic Syndrome known as CAPS. 
Coming to our vaccines’ effort, on the global development front, 
we submitted one of the dossiers of the vaccine to the WHO for 
the purpose of pre-qualification. This is a second submission to 

 
6 of 23 
 
the WHO. Our rabies vaccine has already been received WHO pre-
qualification. On the speciality front, our wholly owned subsidiary 
Sentynl Therapeutics continue to work with a licensing partner 
Cyprium Therapeutics to complete the NDA filing of CUTX-101 
targeted at Menkes disease. The company also continued to work 
towards adding both Menkes disease and MoCD A deficiency to 
key genetic lab panels in the US. We are also working towards 
ensuring early access to Nulibry to patients of MOCD Type A 
deficiency. 
Thank you and now we start the Q&A session. Over to the 
coordinator for the Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin question-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask questions may raise your hand 
from the participant tab on your screen. Participants are 
requested to use headphone or earphone while asking a question. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. First question is from Saion 
Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Yes, hi, am I audible? Hi, Dr. Sharvil, first question is around the US 
momentum. You've seen a good momentum here now. Can you 
throw some light on some of the key assets on Revlimid, 
Topiramate capsule, Asacol HD and the likes and how should we 
think about 270 odd million dollars that you've achieved in this 
quarter? How should we think about the quarterly run rate going 
forward? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So yes, I think on the US front, as I said, obviously last year, we did 
continue to improve quarter-on-quarter. Going forward also, we 
still are seeing a strong quarter one as we move into the new year. 
And I think over the full financial year, we still expect growth on 
the current base. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay, on Topiramate particularly, how's the competition like in 
the market? And is the number going to come down significantly 
in Q1 versus what you've recorded in Q4? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, so on Trokendi, we believe competition will enter, will be 
there in Q1 versus Q4. Having said so, in spite of that, I think we 
will see a good growth in quarter one. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay, and two questions one on, the second question on your, I 
see a significant increase in employee cost this quarter, if you can 
give some colour on that, and your expectation on R&D spend for 
next year. 

 
7 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
First, may be Nitin bhai, you like to take it up. 
Nitin Parekh:  
So, year-on-year increase in cost is because of impact of 
increments. And also, if you consider actuarial valuation that we 
have done. So, this time we had actuarial loss that we had to 
provide for and in the last year same quarter, we had actuarial 
gain. That's the other factor, which is impacting the personnel 
cost. 
Sharvil Patel:  
On the R&D, as we continue to say, we are likely to be around the 
8% range. And if we see better positive outcomes on more 
projects, maybe 8-8.5% but we are probably range bound around 
that 8% to sales going forward. 
Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay, and I mean, you mean to say incremental investments will 
be largely on your innovation programs or on the generic side? 
Sharvil Patel:  
I think more so the incremental growth will come from the 
innovation. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good 
set of numbers. Just digging a little bit more on the US revenue, 
would you be able to kind of give the primary driver on a quarter-
on-quarter jump out of $40 million in terms of whether it was 
majorly new product launches, or whether it was kind of existing 
product and above and also the price erosion scenario in this 
quarter? 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, obviously the larger jump is always because of new products. 
But as I said, the base business also did well. But the majority of 
the growth is driven by new products and we have received rich 
number of approvals, and we are still expecting some good 
approvals in during the year with limited competition. So, we are 
seeing a good value creation on the new products in this coming 
financial year. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So, would you say that Revlimid was one of the major drivers of 
sequential jump? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No no, it was an important driver for sure. And Revlimid will 
continue in quarter one also. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And secondly, on the impairment charge, like you have taken on 
Sentynl, I found that we had already done with that. So, was there 
anything incremental which led us to take this impairment and 

 
8 of 23 
 
right now, let's say in the goodwill number on our balance sheet, 
is there anything left on that front? 
Nitin Parekh:  
So, goodwill impairment of Sentynl refers to the legacy business 
that we had acquired of Sentynl in 2017. So, now, we don't have 
any products in the market. Gradually we started discontinuing 
certain products. Now, there are no more products of legacy 
business and that is why we have provided. While the assets 
which are, two assets that we acquired, they have nothing to do 
with this and in fact, the valuation of the total businesses was 
much higher than the goodwill impairment, but once we at a 
concept level thought that legacy business we are not continuing, 
we provided full amount of the goodwill of acquired business. 
Kunal Dhamesha:  
Right now, there is nothing left about Sentynl. 
Nitin Parekh: 
No, nothing left.  
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So right now, whatever I see on consol balance sheet is more or 
less Heinz acquisition? 
Nitin Parekh:  
Yes, there would be some goodwill due to internal merger also 
and Biochem acquisition earlier which is about Rs. 500 Crores. But 
large part of the goodwill is related to Heinz acquisition. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Bino. 
Bino:  
Hi, good afternoon to all. So hi, congrats for a great set of 
numbers. A couple of questions around the US pipeline. Sharvil 
bhai, in the last call, you had mentioned about one REMS product 
in the US this year. Are we on track? And will you be able to throw 
a bit more colour on it? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, so we did have a large REMS payment in the last quarter 
three. And I think we are still planning for a quarter one. We have 
two products. Between quarter one and quarter two, launch is still 
expected for both the products. 
Bino:  
Oh, and still it's not time to reveal the products, is it? 
Sharvil Patel: 
It defy the principles of competition if we say things beforehand. 
Bino:  
Okay. Understood. Asacol HD, competition always the kind of 
push out by at least six months. So, it's the same this time as well? 
Do you have any visibility or do we don't see anybody for next six 
months? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, so our best estimate is similar to what you just said. But I 
think the good thing that we can see from the business is with the 

 
9 of 23 
 
current new products and the new products we are expecting to 
launch we are more than offsetting Asacol any future losses.  
Bino:  
And on Saroglitazar, the PBC study Phase III study is that on going 
as per schedule? all timelines are intact? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Mostly on track. We may be one month delayed, but not anything 
major.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the great set of 
numbers. So, the first question is on the US business. So, is it 
possible to share let's say ex Revlimid what could be the US 
growth this year? 
Sharvil Patel:  
No, I don't think we can do ex product because this is something, 
the US business is a composite business of all our products. So, I 
don't think we are separating out new products. The way the US 
business grows, is you try and protect your base and grow on new 
products. So, I sometimes find it very difficult to answer this 
question that every time people want to remove products, and 
then the whole point of the US business is to launch new 
products. So, I think this way of continuing to ask these questions 
is not good in the light of what a US business is. And the other 
point I said on concern on Revlimid. Revlimid continues to drive 
value in the last quarter, in the coming quarter and will continue 
to drive value in the next two years. So, it's not a one-off product, 
which people seem to think. 
Surya Patra:  
Yes, of course. So, but now having seen ramp-up and progression 
at Revlimid front, is there any sense about what volume share that 
we might be getting, some sense if not the specific number. 
Sharvil Patel:  
Sorry, can you repeat that question? 
Surya Patra:  
So, having seen the ramp-up on the Revlimid prescription front for 
you and also in the business so far, so could you give some sense 
so what is the kind of volume share that you are expecting, let's 
say for, let's say progressively till ‘26 because up till now we have 
not been commenting anything on it. 
Nitin Parekh:  
So directionally volumes are going to go up but we can't obviously 
give specific numbers that being a settlement. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. So, my second question is on let's say, the kind of approval 
that what we have seen this year, that is a record number of 
course for US, but wanted to have a sense that see there are many 

 
10 of 23 
 
small values, small targeted value products that we have 
witnessed in the list. So, these are like old filing which will pending 
because of the Moraiya facility issue and now getting released or 
it is the filing of recent past  which are getting. 
Sharvil Patel:  
It's a mix of both. I think there's a lot of background noise where 
you're talking from so we are finding it difficult.  
Surya Patra:  
Yes. So, I was asking about the number of approvals what we have 
witnessed this quarter or so, or this year also full year. So, 
whether these, I mean we planned and filed for this products 
having very low target value in US or?  
Sharvil Patel: 
US, I think let me explain the strategy on US. US, we are servicing 
key clients, key customers. A representation of having a large 
product portfolio is very important for US generic business and 
that is always what we have believed in and we strongly believe 
that a completion or completeness of portfolio is critical. So, from 
our point of view, it's important for us from servicing the small 
value products also depending on the market situation, because 
there is a need to service the patients and customers. And of 
course, we are also, we also look and file the difficult to do 
products which have far larger opportunity, but from a strategy 
point of view, in US, we will be launching all types of products 
because one important aspect of what we do is to create access 
for these products. So, we cannot, we have a plan to do that. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. So, my next question is on the domestic business front. So, 
now, it is quite clear that the at least during last one year period, 
we have witnessed our core business delivering much faster than 
the industry growth or the complex portfolio. So, sure, 
progressively going ahead, how should we think and overall 
portfolio how should that be growing or performing versus the 
industry and whether we have seen improvement in the 
profitability in the domestic business and also if you can share the 
speciality portfolio’s contribution in terms of percentages or in 
terms of mix in the domestic competition business for FY23. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, we are putting efforts behind India formulations business to 
continue to drive market growth or at least better than market 
growth. I think, so far in the last year, we have achieved most of 
the time better than market growth. And in the medium term, we 
also want to aspire for building better than market growth, which 
will mean gain in  market share. It will be driven across the mass 
and chronic therapies. So, I don't think the plan is to only try one 
specific type of therapy but we are present both in mass segment 
as well as in the chronic speciality segment. So, all-in-all, I think on 

 
11 of 23 
 
the composite side that will deliver better, at least market growth 
and our aspirations to drive better than market growth. 
Surya Patra:  
And improvement in profitability from the domestic base 
business, any sense on that? 
Sharvil Patel: 
It's a good profitable business. On a medium term to long term, it 
will drive better profitability, but we will continue to look at 
opportunities to continue to invest in this business also. But yes, 
our effort is to drive profitability also. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay. Just last one small clarification, Sir. WHO warning against 
artificial sweeteners. So how should that have impact on our let's 
say key brand under the consumer business. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Very early to give an answer to that. This study is not a new study, 
but I think it doesn't say not to use the sugar substitute. It has 
come up with some finding that we are studying, but I don't see 
an immediate impact but we will keep, will have a plan to counter 
that effort also. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Prakash Agarwal. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Hi, good evening. Am I audible? Yes, congratulations on good set 
of numbers. A couple of questions. One is on trying to understand 
your comment on new launches and volumes for US growth, you 
mentioned is led by new launches and volumes. So, when you say 
new volume or one-time buying opportunity, these are like short 
term, three months kind of opportunity, these are six-month kind 
of commitments or a year kind of commitments and what is the 
typical size when we talk about it? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, one time buy, by the very nature are not long term. So, they 
are obviously for that month, not even for that quarter generally, 
but we continue to see those opportunities in that market. It 
varies product to product. So, it's not the same product all the 
time. So, I don't think these are like contracted or assured 
businesses, but those opportunities do exist in the market. As I 
say, on the overall guidance that I said, what we're trying to do is 
maintain and protect our base. So that's been the effort and that's 
what's important and will also deliver better results in the coming 
quarter. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes, but these are sizable in terms of like $10 million- $20 million 
kind of opportunities or these are small one? 
Sharvil Patel: 
They are sizable. 

 
12 of 23 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Fair enough. And when you say new launches, you mentioned you 
had 63 approvals which is record, but how much was converted 
into new launches and how much of those 63 are yet to be 
launched? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We launched 32 and we are planning to launch 35 this year. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And in terms of you mentioned that fiscal ‘24 is also looking good 
despite good base, which we have achieved in fiscal ‘23. So, you 
mentioned Revlimid and apart from these new launches and 
Trokendi still be a good product and there are two REMS, you 
mentioned right. So, one is expected this quarter and the other 
one is next quarter. Is that right understanding in terms of 
stacking the growth drivers? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Trokendi has already faced competition versus quarter four. 
Obviously it will come down. But then we have launched the other 
Topiramate, which will add value and then we have going forward, 
some critical launches in the next three months. So, we believe if 
we are successful in two out of the three also, it'll be good value.  
Prakash Agarwal: 
So, on the US, we can still see high single digit growth despite a 
very strong performance in fiscal ‘23? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Okay. And there you're factoring in Asacol or not really factoring 
in Asacol? 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, even after factoring Asacol, we still will have a single digit 
growth. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay, 
lovely, 
that’s 
great. 
And 
secondly, 
on 
guidance 
performance. So last year, similar time, the guidance on R&D 
about 8%, we did around 7%. This year  also, we are guiding about 
8%. So, anything to read out there and what is the margin like, we 
could see better margin going forward or this with 8% R&D, 22 is a 
good margin to model? 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, we are seeing maybe, in spite of building for 100 basis point 
increase in R&D, we are still building for at least another 100 basis 
point increase versus last year. So, that we are still seeing. So, we 
are seeing good improvement in margin going forward. That's the 
current best estimate that we can give. Many things have to work 
out and maybe we're being conservative, but hopefully that's 
what we will try and achieve even assuming some things go 
wrong. 

 
13 of 23 
 
Nitin Parekh:  
So, assuming there is no competition, Prakash on Asacol HD, in 
spite of higher R&D by 50-100 basis point, we expect margins to 
go up by 50-100 basis point. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
That is great. Okay. Thank you. And lastly on India. So, we've seen 
good growth, double digit growth coming in. April was soft month. 
I mean, you read as an aberration or you think, too early to call or 
what is the number? Do you think industry and yourself will be 
double digit growth this year? 
Sharvil Patel:  
See, it's difficult to, I think that'd be difficult to say I mean, 
whether we are in, it's obviously not going to, it will be, we hope 
it’s double digit, but it could be anywhere between 9% to 12%, it is 
very difficult to predict where the growth of the industry will be 
because we have seen volume growth being a challenge on the 
overall industry. The other is also, we continue to have price 
challenges with NLEM and other things. If you look at even our 
growth in the last quarter, it would have been at least two 
percentage points more, had we not have the NLEM impact so 
which, we hope to nullify going forward by doing the right product 
mix and other areas, but those challenges will remain. So, I think 
it's difficult to predict. But having said so, I think our focus on 
critical brands, the new launches, and more importantly, our 
differentiated portfolio driving strong momentum in the market, I 
think, in the medium term will allow us to outperform the market. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay. Last one here, MR number, if you can share as of March? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Field force 7000 plus. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
So, this includes the managers or this is just the field force? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Only field force. 
Prakash Agarwal:  
Okay, and the full team Sir?  
Sharvil Patel:  
Sorry, this includes managers. 
Moderator:  
Requesting everyone to limit themselves to two questions. The 
next question is from Sameer Baisiwala. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Hi, thank you very much. And good evening, Sir. A quick question 
on Vascepa, your thoughts about when do you plan to launch, are 
there any raw material availability issues and the market 
dynamics? 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, Vascepa was a welcome approval for us. We had predicted a 
little much later approval but got in the first cycle. So, we are 
preparing for the launch. I can't give the exact date but we are 

 
14 of 23 
 
working aggressively to launch the product. On the supply side, I 
am confident we'll be able to get enough material which is the 
limiting factor in the market. And we are, we believe, we will have 
hopefully enough material to get good share. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Great. And the second question is on the US launches. So, can you 
talk about the transdermals? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Sure, so transdermals as I said, we, after successfully clearing our 
Moraiya facility, we have been in preparation for launching the 
products. We are planning for three launches. And those will be 
staggered from the July quarter onwards. So, in this financial year, 
we at least hope to do three launches from Moraiya. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, great. So, Sharvil bhai, if I have to summarize the US 
calendar, you got two REMS, three trasndermals, Vascepa. And I 
guess, all of them should be fairly meaningful, substantive. 
Anything else that we are missing out? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We do have at least another five programs which have high value. 
So, if we're successful in three also, it should significantly be good.  
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, Sharvil, so this is quite a handful. And you still expect just a 
single digit sort of a growth for US that's surprising? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We have to also plan for the negative side which is competition to 
products, right? So and the base is also quite decent. So small 
erosion also is a meaningful erosion. 
Sameer Baisiwala: 
Okay, great. Now all the very best way for fiscal ’24. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Kunal Randeria. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Hi, good afternoon. Sharvil bhai, if I understand correctly, you will 
maintain a generics R&D spend at around the current level of Rs. 
1,300 crores and the incremental spend will be on NCEs, right? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, Rs.1, 300 crores? 
Nitin Parekh:  
So, we've told the total in FY24 will be 8% to 8.5%. And normally 
the additional amount would be more or less for innovation 
portfolio only, and not the generic portfolio. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Sorry, so I was not asking just for ‘24. But it's a slightly longer-term 
kind of question in the next two to three years because you will 
have a lot of NCE spends coming up. 

 
15 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, there will be very little or no growth on the generic side 
because we have hit a base which is comfortable. So, the most, as 
I said, the future delta of growth that comes on research with the 
growth in revenue is all going to be towards the NCE and NBE 
portfolio. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Yes, sure. And just one more, on the US side, what's the kind of 
price erosion that you are expecting? How are the competitors 
behaving because we have seen some shortages going up? We 
have seen some ANDA withdrawal by competitors. So just to get 
your thoughts on how the market is evolving for FY24?  
Sharvil Patel: 
We always build for a single digit. I mean before we used to see 
very strong double-digit erosions. But we are building for a single 
digit price erosion because that's what we expect to happen in 
FY24 in the best estimate. Obviously in the last quarter, we 
haven't had any major erosion. But knowing the portfolio and 
knowing competition, we on a conservative side, we should 
assume mid-single digit price erosion. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Right. And this price mid-single erosion is pretty much similar for 
all product forms, like oral solids or injectables or transdermals? 
Sharvil Patel: 
No, if you are different, alone in the market, the erosions are 
significantly larger. When I'm saying that I'm talking for the whole 
portfolio, otherwise, the erosions could be significant, depending 
on how much, how exclusive you are in the market. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Cindrella. 
Cindrella: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. My question is on transdermal, 
you said that you will be launching most probably three products 
in the coming year, can you highlight the competition scenario 
that you expect in this? And you have already highlighted that this 
will be meaningful launches for us? What kind of duration do we 
expect them to be a two-year long opportunity? How should we 
see it? 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, it's difficult to predict how, what will be the competition. 
There aren't many transdermal developments going on. So, we at 
least believe that many of them have at least, I would say at least 
a two-year opportunity, but could be longer, but two years 
definitely. 
Cindrella: 
Even for the REMS, two REMS product that we spoke about, even 
for them also, the similar scenario we can expect? 

 
16 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel:  
No, that is I can't predict for the REMS because REMS are not 
transdermal. So those are two different technologies. So, REMS, I 
don't, I would say when we launch, we will still have limited 
competition, but it will be difficult to say there will be no 
competition in the medium term to long term. 
Cindrella:  
Right. And when we look at pricing scenario in US, like not just for 
our portfolio, but overall industry, how do you see the US pricing 
today? And if you can segregate it on based on products like orals 
and injectables? Can you help us understand some colour, today 
how does it look? 
Sharvil Patel:  
It's a very competitive market with a very consolidated buying. So, 
there's no fundamental shift that has happened in the structure of 
how the US business is. So, price erosion will continue to be there. 
As I said, the only way to explain it is when the portfolios mature, 
the erosion there is not severe, but obviously, if for portfolios 
where there is limited competition, with competition, you would 
see more price erosion. So, as I said, we estimate generally about 
single digit price erosion, it could be low single digit to high single 
digit, but that's the range that we are operating in. 
Cindrella:  
And on the NCE side, what kind of investment do you expect over 
coming two to three years? Because as you witness now, talking 
about the entire investment going be on the IP side or the NCE 
side. So what is the plan over two to three years? And what all 
geographies like apart from US, any other reg markets, what kind 
of, what is your thought process on it if you can share. 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, the NCE developments are global developments. So, they cater 
for the US and Europe. As I said, we are, when we're talking about 
the investment, it is overall investment. We're talking about 8% to 
8.5% of spend, which will include generics and NCEs which would 
largely be for the clinical programs. So, as the programs reach the 
clinical phase, the investments go up. So, Saroglitazar is our 
largest current investment that is going on. And then in the future, 
we have ZYIL1 and which is entering Phase II and phase III in the 
future. A few more, but these are all orphan assets. So, the 
investments are over a period of three to four years. And they are 
I mean, from our estimate, in the current 8% to 8.5%, we can 
manage our R&D expenses with these two or three programs. 
Cindrella:  
Yes, on the R&D side, I think we've been clear. On any other kind 
of investment do you think like on ground, teams preparations, all 
those you will need to invest or you're planning to do it now or 
maybe later when we are closer to the phases that's where you 
will decide? 

 
17 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel:  
Generally, the investment starts one year before the launch and 
major, large investment six months before. So, our current 
assumption is that we will commercialize in calendar year ‘26. So, 
calendar year ‘25 will see major investments. 
Cindrella: 
Okay, thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Neha Manpuria. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. Sir, you mentioned high single 
digit growth for the US. Just wanted to clarify, this growth would 
be on the base that we reported in the quarter, I'm assuming, is 
that fair to assume? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Over FY23. 
Nitin Parekh: 
We are talking of growth in FY24 over FY23. 
Neha Manpuria: 
In that case, even if I were to take the higher end range, we are 
assuming that our quarterly run rate would probably come off 
from what we've seen in this quarter.  
Sharvil Patel: 
I said not for the next quarter immediately, but going forward, we 
have to also assume competition so. 
Neha Manpuria: 
But okay, but given that we have a fair bit of launch, the 
transdermal launches, Vascepa etc. Are we being too conservative 
on this number? 
Sharvil Patel: 
You have to understand base price erosion is also there, and we 
have to assume for that also. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, understood. My second question is on the injectable 
business. Could you give us some colour in terms of how big it is, 
what we are targeting, how many launches do we have planned 
for that? And what's the pipeline there? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I don't have the break up like that. But I think for us, when we 
talk about the US generics business, we talk about whether it's 
oral solid, topical, transdermal or injectable. So, I think is a 
composite way of doing business. Having said so, there are good 
amount of complex filings that have happened on injectables. And 
we would, we hope to see at least one or two important launches 
this year, but many of the launches will be post ’25, ’26, where we 
will see highly complex products coming to market. So, it's still a 
medium-term opportunity not a short term. But currently it has a 
good base and there are shortages and other issues in the market. 
So, the growth and momentum is very good, but it will become 
sizable probably post ‘25. 

 
18 of 23 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Tarang Agarwal. 
Tarang Agarwal:  
Hi, good evening and thank you for the opportunity. Couple of 
questions. Just a follow up from the previous participant. 
Currently, how big would your injectable business be? And what 
would it be in the previous year? That's one. And the second. I 
mean, you're generating sizable cash now. So, is there a possibility 
of you probably looking at growing your business inorganically? If 
so, where could we see this getting deployed? 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, I think today we are not giving the dosage wise breakup. I 
think that is not something that in our guidance we are giving. So, 
we continue to talk about the US generics business separately, 
and that's the best guidance we can give. Having said so, I have 
explained that on the injectables front, the meaningful revenue in 
terms of the overall business will be post ‘25. But the momentum 
and growth is very good. With respect to the future investments, 
as I said, we have two important markets, India and US which we 
look at. US from the specialty point of view, where we want to 
build our presence. So that's one area which we look to find 
opportunities to invest in. In India, we are continuing to look for 
brand acquisitions, if available. So that's one area that we will look 
at. And we have been seeing very strong progress on our 
developing markets business, including Europe. So, we will and it's 
growing very well and it's becoming an important part of our 
business. So, we hope, I would say on an opportunistic basis if we 
can find some opportunities to leverage our portfolio there.  
Tarang Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Nitin Agarwal. 
Nitin Agarwal:  
Yes, I've seen that on the developing markets you just mentioned. 
So, from a growth driver perspective, what would be the driver of 
this, what is the strategy for growth rather in this non-US markets 
for us? I mean, it's largely going to be driven by biosimilars? Are 
there other elements of growth also that you are focusing on? 
Sharvil Patel:  
So, biosimilars will add over a period of time to the business. But 
today, the business is strongly driven by branded business, 
branded generics business with areas focusing on cardio 
metabolic and CNS space. And as I said, we have a focus market 
strategy where we have the deep penetration in certain markets 
in which we have identified and the others we do through 
distribution, but a majority of our focus is to deepen our presence 

 
19 of 23 
 
in the markets where we are very strong. And those markets in 
spite of fluctuations in currency and other things have continued 
to deliver good growth and now are becoming profitable also. So, 
we will continue to drive those. 
And it's to do with mostly new product launches, but mostly in 
the, CNS and cardiometabolic space. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly on the US market, this new business opportunities that 
you sort of referred to, have you seen increased incidence of 
these opportunities coming through in the last few months? And 
how do you see this sort of as a consequence of what facility 
closures and all which have been happening because of FDA, 
recent FDA inspections, and do you see momentum in this part of 
the business increasing as we go along? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the earlier question was related to where I would invest in the 
future and that was more to do with the speciality business which 
is not with the current businesses which are sort of generic. So, 
generic business I think on our own we do have a very rich 
pipeline, we are filling up the gaps or finding opportunities 
through BD&L opportunities and really have been able to license 
very difficult and good products from the generic point of view 
and complex genetics point of view. Beyond that, our effort will be 
to look at the speciality business and invest behind that and not in 
the current generics business. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And lastly, I think we mentioned earlier on the call that on 
Revlimid, the assumption is that the volumes will keep increasing. 
So, philosophically is it fair to assume, how should we look at 
Revlimid as a business? Revenue should be ‘23 numbers are like a 
peak number or number should actually increase to the next 
couple of years before they come off? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Our current best estimate is with the volumes increasing, the 
numbers will go up at least for the next two years. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
You mean ‘24 would be higher – ’24 would be higher than ‘23 and 
‘25 Probably should be higher than ‘24. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. And as I said, we do still expect quarter one sales of Revlimid 
also. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Vishal.  

 
20 of 23 
 
Vishal Manchanda:  Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So, on the two 
REMS as said that we are expecting to launch. Are you going to 
launch them as an authorized generic or under our own ANDA? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Own ANDA. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And would you be able to share the indication of the two?  
Sharvil Patel: 
No, we won't be able to do that. When we launch, we will update 
everybody. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Right. And a second one on the Menkes disease asset, any 
timelines for approval? 
Sharvil Patel: 
They are in their rolling NDA stage. So, it's difficult still to give a 
timeline. I would be able to give better understanding maybe in 
two quarters, but not before that. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. On the vaccine front, do you expect to file any more 
vaccines for WHO pre-qualification this financial year? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We have two vaccines, the TCV and the MR. So those two will be 
going for WHO pre-qualification. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And the one that you filed this quarter was for which indication? 
Sharvil Patel: 
TCV. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay, and the two that you're going to file are for? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, one we already have, which is the rabies then TCV typhoid 
conjugate and measles rubella. And then, we are also doing pre-
qualification for some other products. But slowly, we will add 
more products. But these are the current plans. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Would you have a number as to how large the WHO market is for 
TCV? 
Sharvil Patel:  
I can share it offline, but it's a very, very large market, but we can 
share it to you offline. 
Vishal Manchanda:  Got it. And just on the Africa and Europe business, which grew 
sharply this quarter, can we expect that kind of a run rate to 
continue for the rest of the year? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Yes, it will have a strong double-digit growth. 
Vishal Manchanda:  And any colour on what drove the strong growth this quarter? 
Sharvil Patel:  
It’s a branded business, so it's quarter-on-quarter good 
performance, across the board. 

 
21 of 23 
 
Vishal Manchanda:  Okay, and it was across geographies, not any specific space. 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Correct.  
Vishal Manchanda:  Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Naser Parekh. 
Naser Parekh:  
Sorry, hi, am I audible? Hi, thanks for taking the question. My 
question is on oncology. So, across both Indian and US 
formulations, what would be your share of oncology and how is 
that growth going? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, in India, we are now a leading oncology player. Our aspiration 
is to be in the top three and one day achieve the number one 
rank, if possible. So, that's what we are aspiring for with the kind 
of access of medicines we are creating, which are largely driven by 
biologics and also some small molecules. So that's our aspirations. 
We are amongst the top five or maybe third, but we hope to be in 
the top few with adding more products to the basket. With 
related to beyond India, and US, US obviously, it's not a branded 
business, it’s a generic side. So, we do have the three oncology 
sites, two injectables and one oral and we are using those sites to 
build for the US oncology business where we do have some day 
one launches planned. I would see if we just look at the oncology 
business, and US generics point of view, it's maybe three years out 
when we will see significant revenue uptake. 
Naser Parekh:  
In terms of capacity either in India or US, we've seen lot of people 
obviously putting up oncology plans for the last one or two years. 
So just overall from a demand supply situation, how we are seeing 
the growth in that segment, what is your view, do you think that 
there has been increased capacity that we've built in which has 
built for the industry and in the next two, three years, that could 
create some kind of oversupply or there is just enough demand 
growth? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I do. To some extent, I do feel there is over capacity, but they 
seem to be regulated, approved, I mean, plants that are approved 
in the regulated markets. So, I'm sure there is a little bit of excess 
demand, because the volumes are not very high in oncology. So, I 
think it'll depend a lot on the product mix and what type of 
products one company has, which will drive value, not the 
volume. 
Naser Parekh:  
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 

 
22 of 23 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from Punit, and this is the second last 
question. 
Punit:  
Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. So I have one question on 
specialty innovations initiatives. So, in Saroglitazar PBC indication, 
there are two molecules that are ahead in terms of timelines. And 
both are PPAR agonists. So, by the time we launch, we'll be forth 
player in the entire PBC market and considering the rare nature of 
the market, how are you expecting the numbers to flow through? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, so on the PBC asset, our current business model assumes that 
we will be fourth or third. So, I think there'll be one PPAR and two 
others, but we assume we will be, in the worst case will be the 
fourth, in a good case we can be the third. And our business case 
is appropriate for that, I mean our investments are still very much 
appropriate for that scenario. The market is as you said, it's an 
orphan indication. But it is a sizable market, which is growing. 
Punit:  
Understood. And my second question was on the Phase II trial we 
completed for ZYIL1. So, by when can we expect Phase II b/3 to 
commence? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We're just finalizing that strategy. So, if everything goes well, we'll 
start in a quarter or maximum, five to six months. 
Moderator:  
Thank you.  The last question is from Ishita Jain. 
Ishita Jain:  
Hi, just a quick one, relating to what the previous participant 
asked on the products in the pipeline. The NCE especially products 
like the NLRP3 inhibitor, are these partnered products or is Zydus 
doing it independently? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We are doing it independently. 
Ishita Jain:  
So, none of including Saroglitazar nothing is partnered. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, right now, all our development phase programs are done by 
Zydus individually. 
Ishita Jain:  
Okay. That's great, just as short follow up. So, once we are like you 
mentioned that you will be, expenses will increase as we are 
closer to the launch date, will that also include expenses such as 
setting up dedicated field force once we are closer to approvals?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think in that earlier question, when they spoke about, I was 
speaking about the field force and commercial operations team, 
that we need to set up if we are seeing good data on Saroglitazar. 

 
23 of 23 
 
Ishita Jain:  
Understood, got it. And is this the same approach that is going to 
be used in the European market as well? Or there are we going to 
out licence? 
Sharvil Patel: 
There's a higher probability we will out license in Europe. 
Ishita Jain:  
Perfect. Thanks a lot. All the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to management for the closing comments. 
Ganesh Nayak:  
Thank you very much and have a good evening. And look forward 
to interacting with you again in the month of August for the 
quarter one FY24 results. Good night.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Zydus Lifesciences Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect and exit the webinar.  
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
