 
 
Dixon Technologies (India) Limited 
 
 
27th May, 2023 
 
 
To 
            
 
 
 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
            
 
 
 
Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code – 540699 
ISIN: INE935N01020 
Scrip Code - DIXON 
ISIN: INE935N01020 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q4 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call held on 23rd May, 2023  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III thereto, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the Q4 FY 23 Earnings Conference Call of the Company held on Tuesday, 23rd May, 
2023. 
 
The said transcript has also been uploaded by the Company on its website and the same is available at 
https://www.dixoninfo.com/earning-call-transcript.php . 
 
We request you to kindly take this on your record and oblige. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For DIXON TECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
_________________________ 
Ashish Kumar  
Chief Legal Counsel & Group Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: B-14 & 15, Phase-II, Noida-201305, (U.P.) India, Ph.:0120-4737200 
E-mail: info@dixoninfo.com • Website: http://www.dixoninfo.com, Fax: 0120-4737263 
CIN: L32101UP1993PLC066581 
ASHISH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH KUMAR 
Date: 2023.05.27 
21:38:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Dixon Technologies India Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL 
ADVISORS LIMITED  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL LALL - VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - DIXON TECHNOLOGIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SAURABH GUPTA - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - DIXON TECHNOLOGIES INDIA 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dixon Technologies Earnings Call hosted 
by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM 
Capital Advisors. Thank you, and over to you! 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Warm good evening to everyone. Welcome to the Q4 FY2023 earnings call of Dixon 
Technologies India Limited. We have the management today being represented by Mr. Atul 
Lall, Managing Director and Vice Chairman and Mr. Saurabh Gupta, Chief Financial 
Officer. I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Lall for his opening remarks post which we 
will open up the floor for Q&A. Over to you Sir. 
Atul Lall: 
Thanks very much, Bhoomika. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Atul Lall, and 
we also have on the call today our CFO, Saurabh Gupta. Thank you very much for joining 
this earnings call for the quarter ended March 2023. 
Coming to our overall performance for the fourth quarter, consolidated revenues for the 
quarter ended March 31, 2023 was Rs.3070 Crores against Rs.2955 Crores in the same 
period last year, which is a growth of 4%. Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was 
Rs.158 Crores against Rs.128 Crores in the same period last year, a growth of 32%, 
consolidated PAT for the quarter was 81 Crores against 63 Crores in the same period last 
year, that is a growth of 28%. 
We are pleased to report a strong performance in the margins in the quarter with 110 BPS 
improvement and the margins have improved up to 5.2% in the last quarter. This has been 
led by change in sales mix, operating leverage, cost optimization and efficiency measures 
across all businesses and continued implementation of a strategic price hike across our 
various ODM business. Coming to our overall performance for 2022-2023, consolidated 
revenues for 2022-2023 was 12,198 Crores against 10,701 Crores in 2021-2022 that is a 
growth of 14%. Consolidated EBITDA for 2022-2023 was 518 Crores against 383 Crores in 
2021-2022 that is a growth of 35%. Consolidated PAT for 2022-2023 was 256 Crores 
against 190 Crores in 2021-2022 which is a growth of 34%. Another highlight was a strong 
cash earned from the operations of 726 Crores in 2022-2023 which was used in funding the 
capex of almost 450 Crores and reduction in gross debt of 275 Crores resulting in further 
strengthening in our balance sheet with gross debt to equity of just 0.14. There has been 
huge focus of the team on cash conversion cycle and working capital management, 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Working capital days stood at negative two days at the end of March 2023. Our balance 
sheet strength and credit lines from banks enabled us to invest in long term development of 
our business. Our basic approach to capital policy always helped on return of invested 
capital and financial stability and we have successfully improved our ROC and ROE to 
33.4% and 22.4% respectively as on March 31st, 2023, and we feel confident the same 
would keeping improving in the upcoming quarters and years on account of improved 
earning and working capital efficiency. We strongly believe that we have a platform to 
sustain strong revenue growth moving forward in the overall demand environment and 
acquisition of new customers, more specifically the large accounts in the mobile business.  
Now I will share with you the performance and the strategy in each of the segments going 
forward. Consumer electronics, revenues for the quarter was 981 Crores with an operating 
profit of 37 Crores and 3.7% operating margin which is a significant improvement over the 
quarter last year. Operating profit margins have expanded have 90 basis points year on year 
on account of operating leverage and continuous focus on backward integration and 
offering our own design solution. Despite a year-on-year volume growth of 13% and 15% 
in Q4 and 12 months, 2022-2023 the revenues were lower by 3% and 17% in the same 
period year on year with significant downward correction in the prices of open cell in the 
international market. We have closed the ODM for 5:44 inaudible with Google relating to 
Android and Google TV which will open up a lot of opportunities for us since 65% of the 
Indian market is on this operating system. We have also tied up with Samsung for Tizen 
operating system with a combined solutions roll out a large part of Indian market with 
Dixon orient solutions will be able to service. We will soon be starting injection moulding 
and have also infected in LED line in line with a continuous focus on backward integration 
strategy which will deepen the level of manufacturing in India. We are also exploring newer 
products which is commercial displays for which we have already received trial orders used 
in public advertisement and information display and interactive boards for use in 
educational institutions and office.  
Lighting, revenues for the quarter was Rs.270 Crores with an operating profit of 26 Crores 
and operating margin of 9.7% with an expansion of 260 BPS year on year achieved through 
combination of reduction in input prices, calibrated pricing action, inventory planning, 
value engineering and significant initiatives in better sourcing. Apart from sluggish demand 
reasons for lower revenue is reduction in commodity prices, freight rates and migration of 
LED bulb technology from driver base to DOB which are approximately 25% lower price 
since LED bulb is India’s largest category in lighting. It has a major impact in the revenue 
growth. We have very aggressive plans for new product introduction in Q3 and Q4 of 
FY2022-2023 and will continue the momentum with the launch of skip and rope lighting in 
Q1 of FY2023-2024 and professional adding production in the course of 2023-2024 besides 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
the launch of new LED bulbs. After getting export orders from new customers in UAE in 
Q3 and Q4 we have received our first export order from Germany which will be included in 
Q2 of current fiscal. We are also in advanced stages of discussion with potential customers 
in US and UK. New modulating products based on blue tooth mesh technology that we 
acquired from Ibahn Illuminations will be launched in Q2 of current fiscal. The threshold of 
investment in FY2022-2023 under PLI for LED lighting components in line with a 
backward integration strategy that will make us even more cost competitive and the new 
plant for the LED lighting component in Dehradun has already started operations in the 
current month. The capital employment business has been significantly reduced by 175 
Crores year on year on account of huge focus on current debt management which has 
resulted in improvement in ROC to 29% from 22% a year ago.  
Home appliances, revenues for the quarter was 281 Crores which saw robust growth of 20% 
year on year and 15% quarter on quarter. Operating profit of 31 Crores also witnessed a 
strong growth of 67% year on year and 23% quarter on quarter with expansion of operating 
profit margins of 11% led by passing on the impact of commodity cost and exchange rate 
fluctuations to our customers, improved operating leverage and cost optimization measures. 
ROC in this business has improved 30% from 18% a year ago. Our new state of art facility 
for semi automatic machine in Dehradun will be operational by July 2023. In line with our 
backward integration strategy, we have set up our own tool room for in-house board 
manufacturing. The order book in this vertical for the upcoming quarters looks fair. 
Mobiles and EMS business, revenues for the quarter was 1410 Crores with an operating 
profit of 59% and 4.1% operating margin which is an expansion of 50 to 60 BPS both on 
year on year and quarter on quarter. We have got large orders from Jio for which 
manufacturing already started and for Nokia our volumes have already increased 
significantly. Now in addition to this we are very, very close to finalizing two large 
relationship with the largest of global brand in India. These relationship with one of the 
brands is joint manufacturing. We are likely to start operations in next five to six months in 
the current fiscal for which a new facility of 320,000 square feet in Noida is in the process 
of being set up which will become operational in end of Q2. 
Security surveillance system, Dixon’s 50% share of revenue for the quarter was 124 Crores 
with an operating profit of 4 Crores. We have expanded the capacity from 10 million to 14 
million per annum in a new 200,000 square feet facility in Kopparthi. It got operational on 
May 15th in the current month. Operating profit margins year on year mainly due to shifting 
of management of cost structure.  

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
Telecom and networking products, in this segment for Q4 and FY2022-2023 was 126 
Crores and 311 Crores respectively. Our separate facility in Noida got operational in 
December 2022 and we achieved a threshold of capex and minimum revenues in first year 
under PLI scheme. 
We have bagged large order for set up boxes from Airtel and mass production should start 
by end of Q2 in the current fiscal. Also, we have another business of android set up boxes in 
partnership with Global Orient. The development work has started in March. Production 
will start from Q4 current fiscal. This has potential to grow even to other geographies 
outside India for exports. We are in active discussion with some large global brand for each 
and new product categories and building a joint team for R&D with our partners so today 
we have already emerged as one of the largest manufactures of OMD and Wi-Fi routers for 
Airtel in the country. Next vertical is laptop and tablets, IT hardware revenues for this 
segment was 92 Crores in Q4 and 155 Crores in whole of 2022-2023. This is for our major 
anchor customer Acer. The government has recently announced PLI scheme for IT 
hardware, products soon with a much higher pay out. We are studying the contour of 
scheme and will definitely be participating in this government initiative which is 
tremendous potential. In addition of Acer brand whose order is increasing monthly we are 
in discussion with some large global brands and for one of the brands the production should 
be starting next month. Rexxam Dixon Electronics Private Limited for our AC control 
board business. This is a 40:60 JV with Japanese company Rexxam to manufacture inverter 
control boards for air conditioning and is based out of new manufacturing facility in Noida. 
It has started operations in July 2022. The JV company achieved revenue of 79 Crores and 
239 Crores in Q4 and FY2022-2023 respectively. Revenue potential in this business is huge 
with healthy margins and 100% ROC. The JV company is beneficiary under the PLI 
scheme, and we will make a total investment of 51 Crores over a period of five years. We 
have achieved the capex threshold under PLI scheme for 2022-2023 and will continue to 
invest to improve the operations. Wearables and hearables, revenue for this segment was 65 
Crores and 300 Crores in Q4 and FY2022-2023 respectively. We have an extremely healthy 
order book in this vertical and we are targeting to almost double our 50% share in revenues 
in this current fiscal on account of increasing our quantity for existing SKUs of TWS and 
neck bands but also new SKUs like booth tooth speakers and smart watches and a new 
factory which has been setup in Nodia is 50:50 JV with Imagine Marketing and they are the 
brand owners of Boat. In line with our strategy with increasing level of manufacturing the 
PCB will also be invested for. In addition, we have started manufacturing TWL in smart 
watches for Samsung and a dedicated plant for mobile phone for Q4 of current fiscal. 
Refrigerators, the construction is under way on creating a facility in greater Noida. We are 
creating a capacity of 1.2 million direct cool refrigerator. This is in the capacity range of 
190 liters, 235 liters with multiple features. We have already finalized and with some 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
brands in the final stages of finalizing and the ties up with both global and national brands. 
The production is expected to start in the quarter of 2023-2024, so I will like to stop here 
now and me and Saurabh are there to respond to your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Hi, good evening, Sir and congratulations for good performance. I have a few questions 
first one mobile phone you did share quite a few development and two large brands coming 
on board in the next few months so can you help us how does the guidance on the mobile 
segment look for FY2024-2025 based on the timing of these clients coming on board and 
the new factory getting operational. 
Atul Lall: 
Good evening, Renu. You know that mobile is going to be largest trigger of growth and we 
are in the processes of concluding with two of the largest brands present in India, global 
brand. Capacities are being created and I am hopeful in Q3 or in all probability by mid of 
Q3 the manufacturing for these brands will start and large revenue I do not want to put a 
number to it is going to come in from these two brands will be very very large. 
Renu Baid: 
The guidance for FY2024 how should we look at the mobile PLI and the overall revenue to 
stack up is a bit close to 6000 Crores or does the number stack based on the pipeline of 
orders that you have from existing and new clients. 
Atul Lall: 
So, in 2023-2024 the government guidelines is for 6000 Crores. We are confident of 
meeting, and we feel confident that there is going to be a significant overflow above 6000 
Crores. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Sir, secondly, given that PLI incentives and other programmes have been operational 
across segment can you share what was the incentive income booked in fiscal 2023 by 
Dixon across key different verticals and in total. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, Renu we had only two incentives across two PLIs one is of course mobile where we are 
absolutely our incentive since December 2022, we have received so our share of revenues 
for FY2022-2023 would be somewhere around 9 to nine and half Crores apart from that we 
have also received a threshold for the telecom PLI with a JV with Bharti group. The JV 
revenue would be somewhere around 2 or 3 odd Crores. 
Renu Baid: 
And this number should substantially ramp up next year given growth across all this entity 
coming from. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Saurabh Gupta: 
That is right so next year we will start getting the incentive of IT hardware which we will 
start booking also for Rexxam JV our inverter controller boards with Rexxam whereby 
whatever revenues we do we will get an incentive on that and also on the lighting 
components PLI we have done the capex. Capex has already begun under the inverter 
control JV with Rexxam. Index is already being done on the lighting components PLI. I 
think so incentives will start flowing in the current financial year. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure, Sir thirdly and lastly in this case consumer electrical television if you see the margins 
are very strong this quarter 3.7 overall improving the margins for the year how should we 
look at the margin going forward in 2024 especially that now the ODM mix in revenue will 
substantially improve compared to fiscal 2023 so any input from this side will be 
appreciated. 
Atul Lall: 
So, you are right Renu the large part of revenues in television segment is also coming from 
the ODM stream. The margins are going to be almost in similar range, in the range of 30 to 
40 BPS plus minus for what we have achieved currently. 
Renu Baid: 
Approximately 3.5% plus and minus range actually comes from that. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
It is overall between 3.5 to 4 odd percent. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. I have a couple of more, but I will get back in the queue later. Thank you so much 
and all the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Hi Sir, good evening. Thanks for your time as always. Few questions one was on the overall 
end market demand itself for durables specifically TV, lighting, home appliances and we 
mostly see a slowdown and we keep on hearing the same from different companies but if 
you could help us understand what are your clients/customers telling you in some of these 
segments. How is your pipeline or order book when you look at say the next six months or 
so. 
Atul Lall: 
So, Ankur it has been a mixed kind of bag. In certain businesses the order book is flattish, 
in certain businesses the order book is strong. In our case also please appreciate that being 
an outsourcing company also what makes a difference is that what is the share of wallet you 
are able to extract from existing customers and how is your customer acquisition initiative 
being pursued so coming to specifics first one and half months I find the demand in 
consumer electronics and lighting to be slightly flattish, but fortunately in last two weeks I 
am seeing an element of positivity and things turning around and in any case from next 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
quarter we are heading towards the festive period so things are looking better. In case of 
mobile, the order book is very, very healthy. We have new customer acquisition and we 
have already started manufacturing for Jio. We have much larger share of wallet of our 
existing customers. In our existing anchor customer Motorola, we are assured of a larger 
order book including exports, so it is looking much much better. Similarly in telecom 
devices the order book from Airtel is really healthy. They are really pushing up their broad 
band. Also, in the case of hearables and wearable the order book is very very good. In fact, 
we have been pushed by our anchor customer to double our capacity from 1.2 odd million 
to 2.5 million in next one and half to two months, so it is mixed kind of bag, but I feel in the 
forthcoming quarters in a month or two things are going to look up significantly. This is 
what my sense is. 
Ankur: 
Okay and also in washing machine I think that is one segment.           
Atul Lall: 
Washing machine if you see last year, we have grown from 1.1 million in semi automatic to 
almost 1.5 million with 29% growth and also in the case of FATL fully automatic top 
loading since the base was low, we are improving zone from practically nothing to 1.6 lakh. 
This year our internal plan is to grow from 1.5 to 1.75 and in the FATL to grow almost 
250k so we have an aggressive growth plan there. 
Ankur: 
And if you could just also remind us of your FY2024 overall sales and margin guidance if 
any you can share. I think on the last call I think the number was closer to 18,000 odd 
Crores for 2024 if I kind of remember correct for 2024 if you could just help us with that. 
Atul Lall: 
So, Ankur I do not want to give any specific guidance however I want to assure the 
stakeholders that the growth is going to be aggressive. It is going to be much ahead of the 
industry. 
Ankur: 
Okay fair and just last one would be if you could share the volume detail by segment for 
FY2023 please. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, the volume numbers for TV, so you want for the quarter or for the year. 
Ankur: 
Year would be greater. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, on TVs we did a volume of almost 3.43 million as against 3 million last year so that is s 
growth of 15% odd. So broadly we did a volume almost LED bulbs baton, down lighters 
and other this year put together we did somewhere around 17 odd Crores and in semi 
automatic washing machines we did 1.5 million, fully automatic washing machine we did 
1.6 lakh, smart phone outside Samsung was around 35.4 lakhs against 35.3 lakhs last year 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
so there is a growth of 40% odd there. Feature phones we did around 55 lakhs as against 30 
lakhs so there is a growth of 82% here. On Samsung smart phone we did a number almost 
94 lakhs as against 84 lakhs last year it is a growth of 12%. Samsung feature phone we did 
82 lakhs as against 109 lakhs, 1.09 Crores last year so there is a degrowth of 25% in 
Samsung feature phone and Samsung as you know has taken a call to exist out of the 
feature phone business. CCTVs and DVR put together we did somewhere around 74 lakhs 
as against almost similar number 74 lakhs last year so it is flattish kind of number and set 
up boxes will be around 14 odd lakhs and TWS and neckband put together we did almost 
57 lakhs for hearables and wearables. 
Ankur: 
Okay great that was very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi Sir, good evening. Sir, my first question is on margins that you report on JV and 
contraction consumer electronic business are they meaningfully better than the EMS part. 
Atul Lall: 
So, there are, there are definitely Aditya. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Could you share some range how much better they could be and how you are expecting the 
JD proportion to be moving in this business. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Basically if you look at Aditya our contribution of the ODM business in TV has 
significantly increased from Q4 if you look at our consumer electronics, the LED TVs the 
ODM share revenues have gone from 5% to 38% and at yearly level it has gone from 4% to 
23% so this is one of the reasons why the margins have expanded because of higher shares 
of ODM on design solution revenues coming in which is of course at slightly better margins 
than the average margins for the portfolio and also if you look at continuously we are 
migrating more and more to backward integration and portion of backward integration so 
the portion of PCB is being done for customers like Samsung, Xiaomi is increasing. We are 
also now focusing more on backward integration like injection moulding plastic for TV 
apart from panel assembly as well as the mother boards for TV and in the second half of the 
year there will be order in the line we are also looking to do LED bars of TV so clearly the 
focus is to migrate more on more on backward integration focus more on designing and 
clearly we have got a large order for Samsung, once the Google solutions comes in from 
second half of this financial year those will also have a positive impact on the margin side 
as well so clearly more than the volume play in this business I think the margin profiles has 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
been very positive and we will continue to make efforts to drive higher margins in this 
business. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood so H2 you mentioned what exactly you will start doing. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
We will roll out a solution from the portal and android TV. 
Atul Lall: 
As in ODM we are the only Indian Google agency and in the smart television segment… 
Aditya Bhartia: 
We were discussing about the JDM part of the business and you kind of indicated about the 
margins just confirming from H2 you mentioned that you will start doing LED bulbs. 
Atul Lall: 
Aditya as we were explaining the whole focus of television strategy is migration to more 
and more our own design solutions which we already launched for our anchor customer. 
Further the roll out of the Google TV for which we are the only ODM agency in India and 
also Samsung Tizen operating software solution is going to happen in H2 of the current 
fiscal year. In addition to this our backward integration strategy is being pursued 
vigorously. Our mechanical plant that is injection moulding plant is going to become 
operational any day now and also, we are committed to make investment in LED bar which 
will also be rolled out in the second half of the current fiscal, so the strategy is migration 
more and more to ODM solution and backward integration and generate operating business 
for those. Further we are also improving the product mix. We are in the process of 
launching our commercial display for which we have already received trial orders and the 
production is about to start and also interactive TVs for educational institutes so that is the 
strategy we pursue for consumer electronics. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sir you spoke about Jio phones in the mobile division. If you can throw some light on how 
large the contract is, what exactly we are doing from that side. 
Atul Lall: 
We already started manufacturing the 4G phones for Jio. The manufacturing has started in 
the current month and the order book is fairly healthy. At present the order book is almost 
half a million units a month. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood and lastly Sir did we see any margin benefit due to RM cost coming down in 
the ODM business give that specifically the pass through happens with a bit of lag. 
Atul Lall: 
If you see in our ODM business there has been a margin improvement across all our ODM 
business that is the result of value engineering, generating operating leverage because of the 
scale, improving the productivity and having a control on the cost and a part of this is also 
passing on increase to our customers. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. That is helpful, Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Hi Sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, just in terms of the television segment 
how should we look at the volume growth and what can be the share of ODM over the next 
12 to 18 months how are you looking at it. 
Atul Lall: 
So, Abhishek if you see our 2021-2022 numbers for television were around 2.9 million. In 
the last fiscal we have grown to 3.4 million which is 15% growth. Please appreciate this 
kind of volume growth has happened in spite of the industry not growing and internal 
budgets for the current fiscal are around 3.8 million which is a growth of around 10% that is 
what we are budgeting for the current fiscal. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
How should the share of ODM move from currently 35% in the current quarter? How 
should that look over the next 12 to 18 months. 
Atul Lall: 
So, we feel that the ODM is going to be almost 45-50%. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay Sir large part of the ODM led margin benefit has already got reflected in the current 
quarter is that a fair assumption. 
Atul Lall: 
Well actually there is going to be a further trigger when the roll out for our own ODM 
Google Solutions are going to happen but for that to ramp up it will take some time. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Got that great. Sir in terms of the lighting segment while you did allude to a point that 
because of the lower raw material and change in product mix and the change in technology 
as well revenues have been muted but just in terms of volume also and you have also 
spoken about the competitive intensity in the earlier quarters how has that been panning out 
and is that also a reason for a slightly sluggish top line just your comments here Sir, thanks. 
Atul Lall: 
Yes, you are right. The market has been flattish 34:57 audio cut happened and also the 
competitive intensity is there so in Dixon’s case our large revenue generator has been SKU 
like LED bulbs, wherein the growth is not happening so one of those lot of initiative has 
happened on expansion of the product portfolio, one more and more products goes out from 
the ceiling and down lighter is happening, second our new product category for ropes has 
been rolled out and the commercial production is just about to start which is again going to 
add to our revenues. Further our professional lighting solutions are also going to be rolled 
out in second half of the current financial also monetization of the smart lighting which we 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
have acquired from Ibahn will also start happening in the current fiscal, so these are certain 
concrete steps being taken up by the team for the revenue growth. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay Sir just one last thing in terms of you mentioned couple of large clients whom are you 
likely to sign up and factories are getting constructed so I just wanted to get some clarity 
around that you start doing the capex even before the final deal is signed and how does it 
work and how should we look at it. 
Atul Lall: 
So please appreciate it we have been sharing the progress for couple of quarters and the 
large customer acquisition take their own time because the discussion happen both on the 
technical and commercial tangents. We are almost in the final stages of conclusion and the 
commercial production for one of them is about to start soon for another one I think it will 
take two to three months to start so we are at very very advanced stages of concluding that. 
We are almost there so that is what I am in a position to share at this stage. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Sir my only point is you are committing the capex in anticipation is there a fair amount of 
visibility that is the reason you are going in and committing that. 
Atul Lall: 
Yes, absolutely see otherwise no capex be. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
The arrangement with Teno that you have done sometime in February. 
Atul Lall: 
Teno is an entirely different project which to start with is for exports to US market. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Got that. Okay Sir thank you so much for answering my questions wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go-
ahead Sir. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Hi Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I have a question with respect to lighting so you 
mentioned with respect to the exports starting to Germany etc., and some of the 
technological that have happened in the space so how should we look at the growth in this 
vertical so in FY2024-2025 what is the internal target that you are setting yourself and also 
you had some issues internally in the team so have they been resolved. 
Atul Lall: 
As I said the domestic market has been kind of flattish and sluggish. We are pursuing the 
product expansion, getting into new SKUs to get into new category and then lighting is a 
category in the current fiscal also. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Dhruv Jain: 
Yes, I had one more question if you could just indicate what would be the capex for 2024 
and 2025 thanks. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Capex would be in the range of 400 Crores. 
Atul Lall: 
Sorry 2023-2024 I am hearing it is going to be around 400 Crores. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Alright. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK. Please go 
ahead Sir. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Maybe I missed this for consumer electronic what would be the open sell prices and 
realization for the year. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, Dhananjai if you look at the consumer electronics so our selling prices for that Q4 was 
around average it was around 11,700 and a similar to the last year average was around 
14,000. This clearly it has come down and compared to the weighted average selling prices 
of the complete categories of TV put together. At a full year level in 2021-2022 the selling 
prices for us at a total level was around 16,400 which has now come down to around 11,500 
for 2022-2023 so clearly there has been a pricing, the value being lower by 30% mainly on 
account of the open cell where the prices have corrected in the international market. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
The open cell the price decrease be exactly equal to this. 
Atul Lall: 
Almost like that.  
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay sure and Sir another question, your other expenses as percentage of sales has been 
declining would it be fair to assume that this would be steady state or just go for more 
improvement from here. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So basically, your observation is right all the expenses as a percentage of revenue whether it 
is employee expenses, other expenses depreciation of finance cost as a percentage of 
revenue will keep coming down. We have got some significant operating leverage benefit in 
some verticals and some verticals it has kick in this financial year and overall, it will start 
reflecting and so your observation is absolutely right it should coming down. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Any guidance in terms of what could be the base case or anything of that sort.     

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, if you look at the operating profit margin it has expanded by 50 to 60 BPS and gone up 
to almost 4.2%. My sense is clearly this year also there can be a possibly margin expansion 
of around 20-25 BPS but one as to wait and watch on the whole demand scenario which of 
course should pick up ahead of the festive season. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
I was asking this 5.1% OPM which we have this quarter. This would be little more on the 
higher side and you mentioned that 4.2, 4.3 is what you think will be sustainable for 
FY2024-2025 right. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, the point I wanted to bring about that last year 2021-2022 our margins went up as 3.6% 
mainly because there was a big supply chain impact, commodity prices impact which has 
now been completely settled so we have clearly expanded the margins to 4.3. We think with 
benefits of operating leverage coming in migration to ODM that we are focusing on in most 
of the verticals and also more and more backward integration clearly, we see that some kind 
of margin expansion is possible in this 4.3% so broadly you should look at a range of 
almost 4.2 to 4.5% kind of range for this financial year. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay and if I could squeeze in one question. I know guidance has been little tough to give 
apart from mobile phones and maybe somewhat in washing machines any other segment 
where you see double digit growth going ahead. 
Atul Lall: 
I have shared with you the volume growth in television and now the value is also increasing 
because the open cell prices have already gone up by almost 15% so there will be a value 
growth. There would be definitely a significant growth in washing machine. I have shared 
with you our current plan which is almost 20% more than the last year. There will be of 
course large growth in mobile side. In lighting I have talked about a growth of 15% in the 
new category of the hearables and wearables where the base was low and the order book 
was extremely high, the growth is going to be extremely aggressive. The new vertical of 
telecom devices again the growth is going to be good because the base is low. In Rexxam 
JV the order book for Daikin is very healthy so the growth definitely is going to be much 
much ahead of the industry growth. We are fairly confident about it. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay and Sir last question is bookkeeping question in our mobile phones ex mobiles the 
other businesses what margin would they be approximately. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Yes, the other businesses the margin profile would be better as compared to mobile so if on 
average we have done say a margin of 4.1 so broadly those margin profile will be upwards 
of 4.5% in other business. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Atul Lall: 
And other businesses and EMS is going to be around 30-40 BPS more than mobile. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree 
Investments. Please go ahead Sir. 
Onkar Ghugardare:  
In an interview you had given guidance of around 23,000 to 24,000 Crores of revenue for 
FY2027 so if we calculate that from current 12,000 odd levels to 23,000 to 24,000 Crores it 
is almost a double in say in say next four years from 2023 to 2027 so that is around say 15 
to 17% kind of growth in the revenue front so which is much lesser than the growth which 
you were talking about earlier say one year back say growth of around 25-30% so what has 
exactly changed. 
Atul Lall: 
That was my response to an overall number when the anchor asked me over four to five 
years time frame. Here I am very specific in responding to you that the growth is going to 
be much ahead of the industry growth. I do not want to put a number to it. 
Onkar Ghugardare:  
Okay and what is the current industry growth. 
Atul Lall: 
So across various businesses it is different.  
Onkar Ghugardare:  
Correct but as you are saying it would be much larger than the industry growth you would 
be knowing right. 
Atul Lall: 
I do not want to get into specific answering that question please. 
Onkar Ghugardare:  
Okay so the internal target is at least to double the revenue in next three, four years. 
Atul Lall: 
That is right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move to the next question that is from the line of Pulkit Patni from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sir thank you for taking my question. Sir just wanted to understand from the landscape of 
mobile EMS right now in India. There was news flow around Vistron possibly exiting India 
how are we looking at the whole Apple business is there something that you can share on 
that account. How are the Chinese companies doing in terms of own manufacturing are any 
of them planning to do more in terms of outsourcing where we could benefit just to 
understand the broader landscape on mobile EMS and where we are. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Atul Lall: 
It is an extremely pertinent question. I would like to respond it at two levels so undoubtedly 
Apple is the flag bearer of mobile manufacturing store in India and that is on a high growth 
path and I would compare it to the Maruti Suzuki story which gave a flip to the auto 
industry back in 80s and 90 and that component eco system, the devices is on a very very 
high growth path now whether the opportunity exists for the Indian player we are of the 
firm conviction yes but it is going to take some time. It is going to happen through 
partnership routes and definitely there will be a large opportunity for mobile, Apple eco 
system for Indian manufacturers definitely. Second is the EMS story one of those is 
dominated by the global players are kind of focused on Apple and Samsung. Second is the 
Chinese brands and please be rest assured more and more Chinese brands are looking at 
outsourcing the base model and it is not only going to be device manufacturing, it is also 
going to be the creation of the component ecosystem it is also going to be deepening on 
manufacturing and hopefully at some point of time apart from Apple, India will possibly 
will emerge as an exporter that is at the broader level. I was trying to respond to your 
question on the landscape mobile manufacturing in India. 
Pulkit Patni: 
Sure, Sir that is useful maybe I will slip in more. Sir I know you are not giving any 
guidance but mobile is a very large part and any there delta there could be significant, since 
you are putting in capex for the two new customers you would have some visibility on their 
contribution for FY2024 so if you could just talk about how much could those two new 
customers be in terms of contribution because that will help us understand the revenue 
trajectory there. 
Atul Lall: 
So, you see any new customer acquisition, ramping the production, stabilizing the 
production takes some time and to give some kind of firm number is slightly difficult 
because stabilizing of operations takes time however, I feel that these two new accounts on 
a combined basis can generate 4 to 5000 Crores of revenue in this current fiscal itself. 
Pulkit Patni: 
That is useful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital. Please 
go ahead Sir. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Good evening, Sir and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had a question on the mobile 
phone division last quarter you had guided for 8000 Crores of revenue if I am not wrong 
and now you are guiding for 6000 Crores of revenue for 2024 so any reason for this cut. 
Atul Lall: 
So, I have not cut anything. I have not given any guidance for this year. What I had 
responded to Renu was that upwards ceiling for our PLI and also there is an overflow 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
provision in the PLI scheme is 6000 Crores we are assured of that, but we are confident of 
surpassing that significantly. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
If you listen to the answer which was given in the previous question clearly and what was 
given in the last call, I think those numbers are almost similar. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay got it and Sir one more question like in the last quarter you had mentioned that you 
would be acquiring a large customer in March so like any update on that in the mobile 
segment. 
Atul Lall: 
So this is what I have shared in responding to last three, four questions and that we are at a 
very very final stage of closing down on a couple of customers and the manufacturing for 
these customers should start in the next three, four months. A new factory is being set up of 
320,000 square feet which will be operational by July, August. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay got it. Thank you so much. That is it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sir my question was on the capex number wherein I have seen that you have done roughly 
170 Crores of capex in Q4 given that you had indicated capex stood at 280 Crores for nine 
months is it mainly on the mobile phone facility that we are speaking about or there is 
something more to it. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So, Aditya one of course we have done some part of capex for mobiles but that large part of 
the capex will happen in Q1 is currently happening both on the new plants as well as the 
machinery or the lines required for those potential customers. I think so the Q4 capex that 
you are talking about 170 Crores a significant portion has gone into our refrigerator plant 
which is now will be live in that plant by November so lot of advances, machinery, 
construction for the 20 acres facility is happening at a very fast pace now, so significant 
portion of that 170 Crores has gone to refrigerator. Mobiles is also part of it and also semi 
automatic washing machine we have taken a new plant which will be operational by July so 
construction on that machinery all put together. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood and just one clarification for Jio phone you had mentioned 0.5 million order 
book per month did I hear that correctly. 
Atul Lall: 
This is not a continuous business. The Jio order come in project forms, so the current order 
book is of this kind. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood and overall, we have the order book for two to three months. 
Atul Lall: 
Something like that. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood Sir. That is very helpful. Thank you so much. Wish you good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Yes, good evening, everyone and thank you very much for taking my questions. My 
question was little bit long term if you look at the next maybe three to four years or five 
years are there any categories within electronics which are completely untapped in the sense 
that which you are not at all entered any colour you can give on that. 
Atul Lall: 
You see in Dixon’s case our growth journey has been of course growth in the existing 
businesses. In existing businesses getting the large share of existing customers and also 
acquiring new customers apart from that building on core competence of electronic 
manufacturing every year practically we have been venturing into new business. We started 
only with television, lighting, washing machine, air conditioning components, refrigerator, 
mobile, telecom devices, set up boxes, TWS, smart watches. We feel this is current 
opportunity pool particularly after the PLI version 2 has been rolled out by the government, 
a large opportunity can be IT products, so the team is studying the new PLI scheme. We 
feel there is large opportunity for us so that is what I see as of now, but everything is 
electronics many, many things will come in the way of the industry and in Dixon we will 
not loose any kind of opportunity so as of now what I see in front of us apart from existing 
business is the IT products. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Sure, understood and just one clarification on this two new potential customers that will 
come in the mobile division. Sir last time when you have given the guidance of mobile 
revenue going up from 4000 Crores to 8000 Crores, I presume you were assuming that the 
commercial production there would start probably in Q1 of FY2024 now that getting 
pushed out to Q3 do you still see that kind of quantum of revenue coming in FY2024 or you 
are largely indicating the quantum that can potentially come on annual basis. 
Atul Lall: 
So, any start of a new large account has its own challenges, so I am not commenting on any 
number. However, at the same time we as a team at Dixon are fairly confident of generating 
that number. 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Also, there has been a small change. Last time we were talking about two customers 
including Teno which we have already announced now including Teno we are talking about 
three customers. 
Atul Lall: 
And also, we are talking about Jio which is already operational. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
And Nokia increased quantity so that has given us more confidence and despite this new 
customers only running for six months of operation we can still achieve those kind of 
numbers that we have guided for earlier. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Understood very clear. Just one very small question the margin improvement that we have 
seen in Q4 sequentially as well as year on year now a lot of the drivers that were mentioned 
at the start of the call seemed very structural to me in terms of strategic price hike, cost 
efficiencies etc., now is it fair to assume that not at overall level but across segments this 
margin level become the new normal for this year coming year. 
Atul Lall: 
So please appreciate in Q4 the margins have expanded by 110 BPS to 5.2% now are they 
sustainable I think we should be conservative. On a annual basis the margins are around 
4.2% which increased from 3.6% on analyzed basis. We feel that from 4.2% there is a 
possibility of improvement by 30-40 BPS but let us see.  
Alok Deshpande: 
Thank you. It is very helpful. 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from the line of Keyur from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead Sir. 
Keyur: 
Thank you and congrats for good set of results. Sir the question is on lighting and washing 
machine so despite all the initiatives in lighting it is about new category addition of say 
commercial lighting, rope lighting and one more drive of export and on the other hand 
washing machine we are adding full automatic and earlier we have talked about export 
opportunity as well so despite that overall growth number are in line with what industry is 
growing or slightly higher than that so what has happened is it because of the industry 
slowdown because earlier we were talking about new customer addition as well in washing 
machine so just to get an idea on what is happening on the exports side because that was 
considered a big opportunity in lighting and more customer addition in fully automatic 
washing machine so just your thoughts on despite all this drivers why slightly not muted but 
moderate growth guidance. 
Atul Lall: 
So, responding to your question on washing machine we started with our anchor customer 
and more and more new customers are being added please be rest assured. This customer 

 
 
 
Dixon Technologies India Limited  
May 23, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
acquisition is being pursued very aggressively and it is also maturing, and we are the only 
large ODM FATL player in the country, so the growth is going to be good but launch of 
any new solutions in the new customer only a complex product like fully automatic top 
loading it takes its own time and that is the reason the indicative numbers is slightly 
conservative. On the lighting side whatever undoubtedly the domestic market has been 
flattish and also the unit price in certain SKUs like led bulbs and baton have been 
significantly declining. We are trying to build the volumes there but the main growth is 
going to coming two addition of new category like expanding the product portfolio of 
ceiling light and down lighters launching the strip light and rope light for which the 
commercial production is just about to take off, launch of professional lighting for which 
our R&D team has been strengthened significantly and roll out is on the way and then 
exports so I have guided for around 12-15% growth in lighting which I feel and that with 
unit price decline is an aggressive target. 
Keyur: 
Okay understood. Thanks a lot, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to Ms. Bhoomika Nair for closing comments. Thank you and over to you 
Mam. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
On behalf of DAM Capital, I would like to thank everyone for being on the call and 
especially the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call. Thank you very 
much and wishing you the very best. 
Atul Lall: 
Thank you everyone and thanks Bhoomika. Thanks very much. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Thank you everyone. Thank you Bhoomika. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DAM Capital Advisors Limited 
that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
