     
 
                           
 
Bharti Airtel Limited  
(a Bharti Enterprise) 
Regd. Office: Airtel Center, Plot No. 16, Udyog Vihar, Phase-IV, Gurugram – 122015, India 
Corporate Office: Bharti Crescent, 1, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, Phase II, New Delhi - 110 070, India 
T.: +91-124-4222222, F.: +91-124-4248063, Email id: compliance.officer@bharti.in, www.airtel.com 
CIN: L74899HR1995PLC095967 
 
 
 
 
 
August 09, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400051, India 
Symbol: BHARTIARTL/ AIRTELPP 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532454/ 890157 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call dated August 04, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on August 04, 2023 in respect of the audited financial results of 
the Company for the first quarter (Q1) ended June 30, 2023.  
 
The transcript of the call is also uploaded on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.airtel.in/about-bharti/equity/results. 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Sincerely yours, 
 
For Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
 
 
Rohit Krishan Puri 
Dy. Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ROHIT 
KRISHAN PURI
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT KRISHAN PURI 
Date: 2023.08.09 
17:37:33 +05'30'

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 1 - 
Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event: Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 
Earnings Webinar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Event Date/Time: August 4, 2023/1430hrs. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 2 - 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
 
Mr. Gopal Vittal 
Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Soumen Ray 
Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Harjeet Kohli 
Joint Managing Director, Bharti Enterprises 
 
Mr. Sunil Taldar 
Director, Market Operations, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Mr. Naval Seth 
Head, Investor Relations, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
 
PRESENTATION 
 
Deepti - Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Deepti, the moderator for this webinar. Welcome to the Bharti Airtel Limited’s first 
quarter ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Webinar. 
 
Present with us today is the senior leadership team of Bharti Airtel Limited.  I must remind you that the overview and discussions 
today may include certain forward-looking statements that must be viewed in conjunction with the risks that we face.  Post the 
management opening remarks, we will open up for an interactive Q&A session. Interested participants may click on “Raise Hand 
Option” on their zoom application to join the Q&A queue. Participants may click this option during the management opening remarks 
itself to ensure that they find a place in the queue. Upon announcement of name, participants to kindly click on “Unmute Myself” in 
the pop up on screen and start asking their question post introduction. 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over to Mr. Gopal Vittal for the opening remarks. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Thank you very much, and a very warm welcome for our earnings call for the quarter ended June 2023. With me on the call, are 
Soumen, Harjeet Kohli, Naval and Sunil Taldar. 
 
Let me start by giving a quick update on our business and I want to start with ESG. During the quarter we were recognized by the 
Economic Times as well as Business World for our sustainability practices and leading the charter in India. Let me give you a few 
examples on the progress we have made especially on our green agenda. Nxtra now utilizes renewable energy for 41% of data 
center energy needs; that is a big jump from 32% a year ago, 43% of our Network sites are now green sites. These sites consume 
less than 100 liters of diesel in a quarter versus 420 liters on average for other sites. The rural site expansion we have undertaken is 
leveraging green energy for 35% to 40% of the requirement. Such initiatives have helped us reduce our diesel emissions in the 
network by almost 48% per terabyte of data, and this is over the last two years. In addition, we continue to double down on our 
agenda to drive diversity in the workforce as well as make Airtel a safe and secure workplace. 
 
Let me turn to our financial performance. We delivered a strong competitive performance this quarter. Consolidated revenues grew 
by 4% sequentially to a shade under Rs 37500 Crores to Rs 37440 Crores precisely, powered by a strong India performance. India 
revenues grew by 4.5% sequentially to Rs 26675 Crores, EBITDA margins are at 52.7%. This is an expansion of 0.5% from the last 
quarter, aided by the continued momentum on the war on waste program. Let me talk a little bit on this program. This quarter we 
really focused on our network costs. Our network cost takeout program has been delivering a very strong outcome, network opex for 
India declined by 0.5%, despite our rollouts. So in effect for the first time in the history of the company, the operating cost per site, 
per month was actually lower than what it was in prior quarters, and this was done through a combination of identifying very high 
cost sites I had referred to this a quarter ago, that we have identified over 50,000 sites that are more than a lakh per month in terms 
of network opex per site. Our teams have visited every one of these sites, we put in place solutions that include either solar 
solutions or better batteries, sometimes reconfiguring the site, rental negotiations, or indeed even relocating the site, and this is 
really what has helped us take this cost to set a new baseline on the network opex per site. 
 
The company generated operating free cash flows of Rs 4827 Crores for India, despite the elevated capex. Our capex as I have 
highlighted earlier as well, continues to be front loaded at about Rs 9300 Crores for the quarter. So while the full year capex is more 
or less in line with the Rs 28,000 to Rs 31,000 Crore guidance that we have given for the year, you must also remember what this 
capex is for. It is really for future proofing Airtel, 5G radio rollout, transport infrastructure, broadband rollout, and data centers. Each 
of these is a massive opportunity for future growth. At the same time despite the elevated capex, our net debt to EBITDA for India is 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 3 - 
down from 3.43 in quarter four of last year to 3.19 in quarter one of this year. In fact, I do want to mention that in addition we prepaid 
Rs 8,024 Crores of relatively high-cost DOT liability from the 2015 auction. Our growth was broad-based across our segments, 
mobility homes, and Airtel business. This underscores the simplicity and execution of our strategy, focus on quality customers, 
delivered a great experience, digital at the core, and strip out waste, more about this a little later. 
 
Let me switch to a quick update on each of our segments. In the mobile business we added 5.6 million 4G net ads. Postpaid, this 
quarter saw a significant acceleration and contributed almost 26% of the overall net ads for the quarter coming in at 833k net ads. 
The ARPU got to Rs 200 versus Rs 193 in quarter four. This as you know is the first goal post we set for ourselves a few years ago. 
We are now looking at getting to the next goal post, which is a longer-term goal post of the target of Rs 300 ARPU. The movement 
in ARPU we have seen reflects the power of our premiumization approach that I have talked about earlier. What is driving this 
premiumization, feature phone to smartphones gives us an upgrade or feature phone to smartphone gives us an ARPU upside. The 
5.6 million 4G net ads is a clear ARPU upside there. Prepaid to postpaid is one area where ARPU pretty much doubles. The third 
area is data consumption and monetization. This is really driven through a very, very strong mix of contextual targeting, 
sophisticated data science, and simple digital Journeys. Data consumption by itself gives us again a significant upside, and then 
there is international roaming where we simplified our journeys dramatically, simplified our pricing dramatically, and we have 
doubled the penetration of international roaming on the prepaid side. So the combination of all of this, every single lever adds up to 
this ARPU journey that we have been on, and of course the last part is the movement that we made or the Rs 99 to Rs 155 price 
point, which has also given us a small upside. 
 
Let me talk about broadband. We have continued momentum there with about 413000 net ads. We are now present in 1225 cities 
up from 983 last year. There is an intense focus on driving sales force productivity, which has improved significantly by almost 20% 
through a mix of digitization and execution regard. In the DTH segment, we lost 28000 customers largely due to seasonality led by 
the pullback of cricket in the Hindi belt. If we de-average the performance our core southern markets continue to do well for us with 
positive net additions. We have put together a market specific strategy to address this issue as well as stepped up focus on the 
convergence portfolio, which gives us an ARPU upside with increased customer stickiness, I am specifically referring to Airtel black. 
Today 25% of our DTH acquisitions are happening through the converged plans. At the same time in the DTH segment we did grow 
ARPU sequentially aided by our price simplification, and flow through from the market price increase in quarter four. Airtel business 
has seen a strong performance, we grew sequentially by 5.6% and growth was broad-based across segments, and products. So 
both the core as well as adjacencies. We are starting to see momentum in adjacencies, we won multiple deals during the quarter in 
SD-WAN, we won two large multi-year deals from banking customers in the Cloud, we won a multi-year deal from state government 
for supply, installation, and commissioning, Airtel data service, and migration of existing applications with data. CPaaS continues to 
look strong and data centers continue to fill out fast even as we ramp up the build out of fresh data centers. 
 
On the Payments Bank, for the first time the bank reached a quarterly revenue rate of Rs 400 Crores, deposit growth remains robust 
at 48% over last year, annualized revenue run rate now stands at over Rs 1600 Crores versus just about Rs 1500 Crores in quarter 
four. On the digital businesses, we are now tracking well with an annualized revenue run rate of about Rs 1200 Crores versus Rs 
1000 Crores in FY2023. Market tailwinds continue across focus play areas, these are CPaaS, financial services, and I will talk a little 
bit about this in a moment, our security particularly cyber security, which is a growing threat as you know, and Cloud. 
 
Now let me turn a little bit and underscore what I have said in the past on the future of Airtel. If I look at Airtel today as a company 
we are already generating an annualized run rate of almost Rs 19000 Crores of operating free cash flow, despite a front loaded and 
elevated capex. Going forward, we expect this to only improve given ARPU growth, organic customer ads, premiumization, portfolio 
resilience, our focus on cost, and capex moderation, after the elevated front loading we have today, and this underlying future is 
really based on five fundamental strengths, and I do want to again underscore these strengths. The first is our portfolio resilience 
Africa to be accounts a 30% of our business, India mobile is about 54%, and the underlying performance of both continue to be 
strong and has significant upside. The homes and enterprise business constitute the balance, whose contribution has been 
increasing steadily over the years with the tailwinds that we have in these markets. Both these businesses have tremendous market 
momentum. Our investments will be channeled where the growth is making the portfolio even stronger and even more resilient. The 
second strength that I want to talk about is our brutal focus on quality customers, and like I mentioned last quarter, we see this 
through the lens of two big geography opportunities, clear segments, one is rural and the other is the top 150 cities. 
 
Let me start with rural. As you know we identified 60,000 high potential Villages for expanding our network to win a fair share of 4G 
net additions. This expansion continues to be in line, and is delivering as per expectation, in fact it is delivering modestly ahead of 
expectations both on the revenue per site as well as lower on the operating cost per site, and the reason is that it is really driven by 
digital tools and data science to plan the network in a precise optimal manner. This coupled with our execution rigor is giving us 
results. 
 
Let me now turn to the top 150 cities, which is the second lens through which we look at the quality customer opportunity. In the top 
150 cities more than 80% of the post-paid, broadband homes, and in fact 100% of the B2B opportunity is concentrated. Our focus is 
to win these cities by bringing the full power of the Airtel network, our channels and all powered using digital tools. For the top 150 
cities let me provide more color around each of our segments. 
 
Let me start with postpaid. We double our ARPU every time a customer moves from prepaid to postpaid, and we have multiple 
levers that we look at, one is a proposition lever, which is the family plan almost 65% to 70% of our users now are on family plans 
with very low churn, 5G is a very strong pivot to actually entice the customer and come and make them come on to our network, and 
the third part is rollout of more of our own stores into neighborhood catchments, which is where the opportunity is. All of these three 
levers are continuing to kick in strongly. The second area in the 150 city opportunities is homes, the rollouts here continue, and 
today there are 25.6 million home passes, a one Airtel transport planning is the focus for rolling out fiber here. We are leveraging 
data science to estimate demand across all our businesses, our homes business, our mobility business, and our B2B businesses, 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 4 - 
and rolling out in a much more coherent way. This will ensure that there is very, very minimal customer leakage of a situation where 
there is no network available or no fiber available. In addition to that it ensures very efficient economics. Second part is the 
convergence continues to be the proposition around which more than a third of a high value homes today are on Airtel Black or 
Family Plans and as I mentioned the family plans continues to grow. With the increased fiber capacity our focus is now on sales 
force productivity. The third area of the 150 cities is in B2B, we are doing two things here, first we are setting the go-to-market right 
for our top accounts, as I mentioned before the top 500 accounts contribute to a majority of industry’s growth, and we really start 
strengthening the go-to-market by allocating our top account managers to these accounts upskilling them strongly engaging with 
customers leaders to understand their needs better and solving for it. The second part is that in a competitive market experience is a 
key differentiator, and therefore we are investing behind building and upgrading to things like flapless networks which are very, very 
high quality, low latency networks that are enterprise-grade in key pockets. We are also simplifying and digitizing our processes as 
well as shoring up capability of our teams on the ground. The third strength that I want to talk about pan-Airtel and Airtel wide, our 
obsession with delivering a brilliant experience. As you know quality customers want a quality experience, and so one of the things 
we have done is we have changed the metric of measurement to interactions because any interaction whether it is happening on 
social media, on the web, on the app, in the call center, on email or in our store, is a signal for us for a potential fault and this has 
infused fresh energy with the new leadership that we have announced in the experience side. The focus here is on structural 
solutions on the network at an architecture level, end-to-end simplification and digitization of processes for more proactive solutions 
as well as more transparent communication in the channels that matter at the time that matters and in the language that matters to 
our customers. To enable this, we continue to build and deliver on four key platforms buy, build, pay, and serve. Each of these 
platforms is exposed in an omni-channel manner across our channels, and is powered by an underlying foundational data layer. 
Initial results are encouraging with mobility interactions having reduced by 14% over the last two quarters and by the way this also 
lowers the cost to serve. Broadband and DTH numbers are also tracking well, and the learning from mobility is going to accelerate 
the rate of decline in these businesses. The fourth strength I want to talk about is digital, which is now deeply embedded across 
data. As I mentioned we have seen Airtel in three parts, the underlying foundational layer is what we call the digital infrastructure 
layer, which is really the network that we have, but even more importantly the data infrastructure that we have where we have 
invested in the last five years. The second part of our stack is digital experience which is a buy, build, pay serve journeys, and the 
third part of our stack is our digital services. All our digital services right on the two lower parts of our stack, the digital infrastructure 
and experience, and I have talked about this in my earlier comments on this call. These digital services now that are built on top of 
these two layers, Airtel ads, CPaaS, Airtel IQ, IoT, Cloud and now SD-WAN as well. But in addition to this we have just recently 
launched in the last few months, lending in the form of Airtel Finance. Let me try and give you some color to this business, which I 
am quite excited about. Airtel Finance is just about begun testing what is in the marketplace in the last few months. The interesting 
thing is that this whole opportunity is only predicated on our underlying data infrastructure. So we are not carrying any balance sheet 
risk, it is just predicated on the underlying data infrastructure, and we have developed three capabilities, one is a proprietary lending 
model typically we are reaching out to the right user with the right offer is a challenge that most NBFCs and Banks alike are faced 
with. What we have done is created an AI and ML model that deciphers over 2000 patterns to help our partners improve their 
underwriting and fraud detection capability. Additionally, this also helps identify our customer's propensity of taking a credit product, 
we have built a recommendation engine that uses state-of-the-art models to recommend the best offer to the user in real time. Over 
the last few months our models have been tested by various Banks and NBFCs and have shown good results. As a consequence 
our partner banks and NBFCs have started leveraging our models to reduce their portfolio risk. The second part of this capability is 
a digital lending platform. Extensive and elaborate processes along with heavy documentation makes the lending process extremely 
cumbersome for users, along with these challenges such as lack of privacy, lack of trust, a fragmented experience, all of this act as 
a deterrent for customers to access credit products, to solve for this what we are doing is digitally owning the entire customer life 
cycle starting from discovery to post purchase loan management, and repeat purchase. This platform can quickly onboard multiple 
partners and product lines. The digital onboarding for consumers and post purchase journeys are built on the platform, which utilizes 
our data capabilities in real time to always bring the best experience to customers, and the post purchase journey on thanks app 
means that once the customer has taken a financial product he or she can manage their credit product on Thanks App instead of 
downloading the bank or NBFC application. This post-purchase journey also helps in driving cross-sell and upsell to existing 
customers. The third part of this is our collections platform. We are also handling collections, here we utilize features like a pre-call 
allowance announcement, so just before the call is getting connected there is a reminder for those not paying EMI on time along 
with leveraging data for early warning signals to decide on collection strategies. Collections done by us for our loans originating 
through our platform provides a consistent experience to our customers and our performance on first bucket tele-calling collections 
is more than 96%. Using this in literally the last few months Airtel finance is disbursing loans at a run rate of Rs 450 Crores per 
quarter this is literally in the last three months and we believe this has enormous potential for growth since we have exposed our 
offer to a mere 5% of our total user base. We are also distributing credit cards in the platform and are already at a run rate of 260k 
cards per year, but we have not scaled this yet given some teething problems around experience particularly on fulfillment, and we 
hope that these will be fixed soon. The notable thing about this is that all this generates a net profit of almost Rs 75 Crores 
annualized since it involves just 35 engineers working on the data model. So there is just one example of how the data infrastructure 
comes alive in the form of digital services. On B2B our ongoing investments in Cloud, CPaaS, undersea cable root expansion 
through partnerships is testament of our confidence in the growth opportunity. The additional stake purchase of 20.6% in level 
networks will strengthen our presence in SD-WAN market with accelerated growth in the medium-term. The fourth area I want to talk 
about is war and waste. This is now deeply embedded into the company and we take pride in a frugal culture, but thoughtfully done 
to attack key areas of waste. I have already talked about the network takeout where we have been able to reduce our Opex per site 
by 7% in the last few months. A second area is our capex prudence the way we roll out a new site or indeed a 5G site is based on a 
very granular understanding and data science using multiple data sets as an example we are already seeing 30% offload of data 
onto 5G networks as devices come in. We hope the device fixed towards 5G changes rapidly to increase this offload. As a 
consequence, our capacity investments into 4G are now down to zero. The last and perhaps most important strength that we 
depend on is our culture, and if I were to sum up the culture of Airtel in just one word it is ownership, our people behave like owners, 
it is their company, and their money. This is a priceless aspect of the ideal culture which makes us unique, and very, very difficult to 
replicate. 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 5 - 
In sum, I would say that companies set up a good momentum, we have delivered yet another quarter of sustained solid growth and 
competitive performance. The company has already started getting strong cash flows, and we see this improving going forward. We 
believe we are setting ourselves up for success, a future-proofed Airtel with a resilient portfolio, and a clear strategy of being 
focused on quality customers delivering a great experience, putting digital at the core, stripping out waste, and all of it backed by a 
culture of ownership. 
 
With that let me hand over back to the moderator for questions. 
 
 
Deepti - Moderator 
 
Thank you Mr. Vittal. We will now begin the Q&A interactive session for all participants. Please note that the Q&A session will be 
restricted to analysts and investor community. Due to time constraint we would request that we could limit the number of questions 
to two per participant to enable more participation. Interested participants may click on raise hand option on their Zoom application 
to join the Q&A queue. Upon announcement of name participant to kindly click on unmute myself in the pop-up screen and start 
asking the question post introduction. The first question come from Mr. Kunal Vora. Mr. Vora you may please unmute your site 
introduce yourself and ask your question now. 
 
 
Kunal Vora – BNP Paribas 
 
Thanks for the opportunity. This is Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. First question is on how do you see the impact of Jio Bharat 
phone on the feature phone market. Would you look at or you could use a similar device and like if you can share your experience 
with the devices in the past, like you had one with Karbon few years back. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I would say that it is early days, I think that even when it was launched last time we did see an impact, at that point in time the 
feature phone market was much larger than what it is today. Today the feature phone segment accounts for about 18% of our 
overall revenues, and more importantly it is only once in four years that a customer chooses to replace the feature phone. The 
pricing of this device is slightly higher than the cheapest feature phones, it is competitive. So it is early days I would say that our 
agenda is straightforward we continue to focus on our upgradation from feature phones to smartphones that is where we are 
doubling down actually doing a lot of bundling doing some modest cash backs in the form of loans to customers with a locked device 
because we believe that ultimately these feature phone users must upgrade to smartphones. So that is really where our focus is. So 
we would not be launching any such device, I think our feature phone user is on our 2G network, and our focus really will be on 
upgrading them to a smartphone. 
 
 
Kunal Vora - BNP Paribas 
 
So why would you not do it, I mean, what do you see a reason to not go for a device like this. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Because largely these devices are only used for calling and we do not need to get into this device segment that is already there in 
the form of a feature phone. If we did not have a 2G network then that user would be excluded then we would look at it, but we all 
have a 2G network, and we have feature phones in the open market, which even today are getting shipped. 
 
 
Kunal Vora - BNP Paribas 
 
Second and last question. If you can share your thoughts on 5G monetization, and if you can provide any data on how many users, 
what kind of usage, what proportion of volumes are on the 5G network now. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Like I mentioned Kunal we are seeing about 30% of offload, so in a site where there is both 4G and 5G depending on the devices, 
and depending on what the traffic is, we see up to a 30% offload of this traffic from 4G networks to 5G networks. It is still early days 
because the overall installed base is still low it is 14%-15% it is not grown at the rate that we were expecting it to grow. Even today 
5G shipments are only about 48% of the total shipments. So it is still moving slowly and it will take time for the full upgradation to 
happen. The way I think about monetization as I mentioned is at an aggregate ARPU level. So for us the monetization levers is 
feature phone to smartphone, prepaid to postpaid, data monetization, and finally of course if there is a tariff increase, and that gives 
you a monetization as well. The capex that we are putting in is largely on 5G we are not putting any 4G capacity capex other than 
the rollout of rural sites, which is really a coverage related capex. So the way we look at monetization is that the capex that is going 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 6 - 
of course at this point it is elevated Capex because of the front loading that we have done in the first quarter and perhaps in the 
second quarter, but if you look at it from a more medium-term perspective given the capex will sort of even itself out, the percentage 
of capex that is going in as a part of revenue needs to be at the level, which can be sustainable and which leads to that monetization 
at an aggregate ARPU level. 
 
 
Kunal Vora – BNP Paribas 
 
Thanks Gopal, I will come back in the queue. 
 
 
Deepti - Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Piyush Choudhary. Mr. Choudhary you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself, and 
ask a question now. 
 
 
Piyush Choudhary - HSBC 
 
Hi good afternoon, this is Piyush from HSBC and thanks for the opportunity. Two questions, in the postpaid segment, could you help 
us understand what factors are driving subscriber addition, is it new port-in only or your own prepaid subscribers are also migrating 
to postpaid, and then the outlook for postpaid additions going forward. Second question is on your rural expansion program, can you 
give us a progress and how has been the response as you roll out new sites there. Thank you. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
As I already mentioned in my opening comments, I think postpaid we believe is a big opportunity. Today about 6% of our users are 
on postpaid. If I look at markets like Thailand that number is well past the teens, if I look at markets like Brazil it is almost 40% to 
50%. So the upside opportunity in postpaid is clearly high, and I think India over a period of time will start moving more and more 
towards postpaid that has to happen. The levers of growth for us are number one of course is prepaid and postpaid that is one lever 
of growth where we see an increase in ARPU, the second lever of growth is switching a user from a competition to us and I think 5G 
tends to play a role where the early adopters of smartphones were looking for a 5G Network want to prefer us, so that there is an 
opportunity here because one of the player has not launched 5G, so that is clearly an opportunity, and the third opportunity is really 
around what we saw with Verizon almost over a decade ago, which is the great success that they had in those years of the family 
plan and I think over the last six to seven years, we have been quietly working on the family plan, which really helps because once 
the main member of the family is there the child or the teenager in home comes on to the same plan and invariably that customer 
may not be an Airtel customer it could be from anywhere, and the last part is the go-to-market where really we are as I said 
spreading our stores closer to the point of consumption, closer to the catchment, and that helps us actually get more access and as 
a consequence increase postpaid penetration. In the rural areas I think we are kind of 60% through our rollout now. This has gone 
very well actually, the revenue per site the action standards we have set for ourselves we have been able to marginally beat it and 
the cost per side also is lower than what we thought it would be again this is through the ingenuity that we have there are teams 
have displayed on the ground combination of solar solutions, better batteries, no diesel, diesel completely eliminated to zero in 
many places, and across the country we see the traction being strong and as a consequence I think we will conclude the rollout 
perhaps by around November or December. 
 
 
Piyush Choudhary - HSBC 
 
Got it. If I may ask on the postpaid, is it possible to split let us say not in this quarter only but last three quarters or four quarters what 
is the port-in contribution. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
We do not provide that information I think so we do not look at it like that because sometimes whether it is supported or whether it is 
new customer or whether it is a new addition it really does not matter as long as it becomes the primary SIM where a lot of 
consumption is happening, and they are pleased with the experience. 
 
 
Piyush Choudhary - HSBC 
 
Thanks a lot. 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 7 - 
Deepti - Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Sanjesh Jain. Mr. Jain you may please unmute your side introduce yourself and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Thanks Gopal for taking my question. First on the 5G side, one of your peer has said that they are through with the 65% of the 
rollout and it appears that in the first stage they will be doing 175000 towers. Where are we in comparison as far as the 5G rollout 
goes. That is number one and associated question is on each side when we deploy the 5G what is the kind of data capacity upgrade 
we do. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think that is the second question. I do not have the precise numbers I think Soumen may have the number on the radar capacity 
upgrade, it is a very substantial increase that happens almost about 5x to 7x but I think Soumen will probably be able to give you a 
better answer on that. On the first part of your question Sanjesh we are not in any race here. I think I have mentioned before that the 
non-standalone technology allows us to get a 30% improvement in coverage. So today we are pretty much all across Urban India 
we are also going into rural, but at the same time we are also very carefully watching with some concern that the impact of 5G is not 
necessarily moving the experience needle at all because it is not that people even realize that they are getting speeds of 200 - 300 
Mbps given the fact that the applications that they use on this little device that we carry in our pockets is really messaging or some 
video or some browsing, and as a consequence 4 to 6 Mbps is more than adequate and it is at a point of indifference beyond that. 
So if you get more than 4 Mbps you are at a point of indifference unless you are downloading a heavy file or downloading a heavy 
game or something like that so I think we are in the game fully and the way we look at the deployment is really to make sure that we 
are giving a seamless experience regardless of the technology a great data experience right across the city, a great voice 
experience right across the city, and continue to offload 4G capacity investments into 5G. So that we do not spend a single dollar on 
4G anymore and all our investments are geared towards 5G. That is really how we approach this state. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Yes, Soumen any comment on the capacity. 
 
 
Soumen Ray - Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes. It would be in the range of about 4 to 5 times for similar bandwidth in 4G. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
You mean if we deploy all the spectrum that we have bought or the same blocks that we have put it in the 4G. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
So for the same block or spectrum whatever is the capacity of 4G, 5G would have a capacity which is roughly between 4 to 5 times. 
Let me try and explain this in a different way Sanjesh. On average we have about 50 to 60 megahertz of spectrum across the 
country deployed on 4G, and the petabytes that we have on our network. You also know that we are still not a congested network, 
we still have headroom from further capacity even on a 4G network. So let us assume that the capacity utilization is 60%-65% which 
means that based on the petabytes that we are pumping out you can see what is the upside on that same tranche of 50 to 60 
megahertz. Here you have got a 100 megahertz spectrum. So number one is a double of the spectrum, so you can straight away 
double that, number two is it is more spectrally efficient. So you get another 50% to 60% increase in that. So therefore I think that 
there is a long runway for 5G to start filling up. It is a empty network and it will remain so for some time to come. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Is it then fair to assume that once we have enough capacity in the urban area, our capex intensity will significantly reduce, and we 
may reach the global level of 18% - 19% is that a fair assumption in the medium-term not immediately. 
 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 8 - 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I do not want to give you a guidance on the capex intensity over the medium-term and we would love to get to those levels that you 
mentioned, but the fact is that capacity investments once you put out a 5G, radio will be very, very limited, the only requirement will 
be over time as more and more applications come out. So remember this is a game of application, it is not a game of 5G radios 
because if you have the same video application the same browsing or chat applications you do not need 5G, 4G suffices, but those 
applications need to come in and as applications come in you will have more densification of the networks. I think will get capacity 
investments in the medium term. In the long-term you may have capacity investments coming from millimeter wave for example so 
that is still many years ago because our ecosystem has not even begun today. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Thanks Gopal. Just continuing on that millimeter side, Reliance Jio has said that they are looking at 4G slicing as a tool which is 
allowed in the SA, and they want to deploy FWA and they want to accelerate their growth in the fixed broadband and considering 
that we are on a non-standalone, will that limit our capability to that per year. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, firstly let me disabuse you of that notion. I think there are two parts to the question, one is FWA itself and the other is slicing. I 
think non-standalone also allows you to do slicing, the 3GPP standards are clear about this. There have been experiments that we 
have already carried out, it does allow you to do slicing. So if those applications you need 15 different slices at some point in time, 
yes, you need standalone, but that is nowhere near the horizon at best you will have one slice on FWA or two slices, these kind of 
slices are totally possible in a NSA network. Second remember the spectrum is unutilized it is a network that is empty so even if you 
slice it what is the value because it is an empty network so whether you give it, you give a small slice, or you give a whole slice it 
does not really matter. So I would say that, that is still perhaps in the distant future as the networks fill out that you need to slice and 
so on and so forth, but technically you can slice even on an NSA network. Second part to your question is FWA. As I mentioned 
before the economics of FWA are still not attractive because the cost of the CPE, see you need two things you need the router in 
the home which you need for whether it is fixed or its FWA, then you need a CPE in the case of FWA in the case of fixed unit fiber 
going there. If you see the cost for connected home pass in our network today it is about $90 the cost of a fixed wireless access 
CPE is about $160 it is almost double of that, which means that it is economically unattractive to go FWA at this point in time. Now 
can the price of FWA come down, yes, possible, but the real game there is the cost of the chipset which is the one that is really, 
really, very high right now. The third point I want to make is that we are ready with FWA we are doing our trials we have ordered 
FWA boxes and we are in fact already launched we have just announced actually yesterday or was it today that we are piloting this 
in two cities to start with to assess the opportunity. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
That was clear. One last question, I know it is the third one, I apologize for that. On the network opex one of the reason why our 
network opex on an overall basis is low that we are still not charging for the 5G cost whether it is a power cost or a rental cost is that 
the fair assumption and once those costs start showing up in a P&L what kind of… 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
No, not the 5G cost. 
 
 
Soumen Ray - Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes, so Sanjesh we have started as the rollout is happening progressively more and more circles will come and get charged out, the 
process has already started from this quarter, and because it is an NSA it is put on the same infrastructure the incremental costs are 
very low started already from this quarter. 
 
 
Sanjesh Jain – ICICI Securities 
 
Soumen just to clarify what you are telling is that some of the 5G related Opex cost has already been booked in the P&L in this 
quarter. 
 
 
Soumen Ray - Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes. We will go by circle, circle as we roll out but it has already started coming in this quarter. 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 9 - 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
As well as amortization and interest cost. 
 
 
Soumen Ray - Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Well, yes, as I said progressively they will come, but some of it has started coming in this quarter.  
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Just to clarify we have a policy of as we have reached a certain threshold or rollout we will, start bringdown the P&L, a few circles 
have already reached that level and more and more will keep reaching that level. 
 
 
Mr. Sanjesh Jain - ICICI Securities 
 
Thanks Gopal and Soumen for answering all my questions and best of luck for the coming quarters. 
 
 
Deepti – Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Vivekanand Subbaraman. Mr. Subbaraman you may please unmute your side introduce yourself 
and ask your question now. 
 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman - Ambit Capital 
 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two questions. So the first one is on the mobile operations, so despite churn declining 
steadily on a quarter-on-quarter basis for the last several periods we are seeing at the SG&A cost remains high and it seems so as 
spiked up in the current quarter. So one an explanation for that. Second key question is on the balance sheet priorities and potential 
uses for the uncalled rights meaning given that now you are generating ample amount of free cash flow and in this answer if you 
could also discuss about the targets in terms of balance sheet leverage that you would like to maintain that will be helpful. Thank 
you. 
 
 
Soumen Ray - Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
SG&A we have presently around B2B business there is a seasonality involved in Q1 if you look at trends you will see that season 
Q1 typically spikes you would see a normalization of this in Q2, Q3, Q4 nothing new in this year, it will keep on happening but one of 
the major reasons is certain things which happened in the B2B business. On the rights bit I think we are currently adequately 
sufficient in terms of cash requirement as a matter of fact as Gopal mentioned in his opening call we have already generated about 
Rs 4500 Crores of operating free cash flow. Harjeet if you would like to add on the leverages bit. 
 
 
Harjeet Kohli - Joint Managing Director, Bharti Enterprises 
 
Thank you Soumen. I think leverage wise we are at about 2.6 - 2.7 as Gopal and Soumen mentioned on the consolidated basis. We 
have actually now this time given also the segmental leverage if you see performance at a glance, where you will see consol and 
also India I would say. In the shorter term I think clearly the leverage in India is above 3 overall leverage is 2.6, India is generating 
free cash flows Gopal mentioned about the last few quarters, but at the same time if you see last year we did spend about Rs 43000 
Crores in buying spectrum for 5G and some fortification. So I think cash flow should go to reduce leverage. Historically we have 
stayed conservative on leverage, it demanded us to go where we were about few quarters and now materially coming down, I think 
our target is not very hard-codede, but still are closer to two on an overall consolidated basis not closer to three. So in the short to 
medium-term the use of cash is essentially to de-lever also create granularity of sources of financing and reduce the cost of 
financing. So not a very hard-coded target the direction is clear, use cash to de-lever materially, some bit of returns are there in the 
market through dividend, in the shorter term there is no necessity to call for rights residual money, but that is a very fabulous 
available line of equity that is available to us. 
 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit Capital 
 
Just one follow-up from the first answer. So Soumen the SG&A cost for the mobility business are you saying that it could have 
moderated in the current quarter despite the India SG&A cost rising sequentially is that what you are saying. 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 10 - 
 
Soumen Ray - Chief Financial Officer, India & South Asia, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes, it would have been almost at same levels sequentially. 
 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman – Ambit Capital 
 
Okay great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
 
 
Deepti – Moderator 
 
The next question comes to Mr. Aditya Suresh. Mr. Suresh you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Aditya Suresh - Macquarie 
 
Good afternoon. This is Aditya Suresh from Macquarie. Gopal for a strong execution and follow through on your clearly  articulated 
strategy. My first question actually is a fairly basic one. Now as you follow through on your premiumization path. I am keen to 
understand how you think about your ARPU trajectory going forward. Do you see it more like a steady compounding profile I 
appreciate you may not be able to get specific numbers, but any qualitative comments on the profile would be great. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Yes, I think it is a good question, a big increase in ARPU can only happen with a reset of the tariff table, and as you know we are at 
the lowest levels of the world both in terms of rate per GB on data as well as average revenue per user on both. If you go to plot  
rate per GB of data on the X-axis and average revenue per use on the Y-axis, India will be at the bottom left-hand corner relative to 
all the other markets in the world including markets in South Asia or sub-Saharan Africa or anywhere in the world. So the big 
increases will really come from a tariff reset, but within the confines of the challenges that we operate with in a competitive market 
we have seven levers like I mentioned I think prepaid or feature phone to smartphone you get a ARPU upside, the entry level 
feature phone price plan is at Rs 155, the entry level smartphone pricing where you offer meaningful amounts of data is Rs 239. So 
you do see a almost a 50% jump as people move from a feature phone to a smartphone, and that is a function of how many users 
moved in a certain quarter so you could do the math and arrive at what ARPU you can get. The second source of growth is prepaid 
to postpaid and there again you see almost a 50% to 60% jump in ARPU actually more than that probably 75% jump in ARPU and if 
we can drive the postpaid net additions up from the 833k number that we have done this quarter to even higher than that, then again 
you see a shift in ARPU. The third source of ARPU is data monetization and I did mention this in the past where the moment the 
data allowance runs out on an impulse basis we offer a GB of data, 2 GB of data, 5 GBs of data, if you are at multiple price points. 
So just imagine at 10 o'clock in the night or 6 in the evening you run out of data you get a message right there at 5:58 knowing that 
you want to run out of data to buy a pack on impulse this has become a very meaningful source of ARPU increase for us. So that is 
the third lever. The fourth lever is international roaming, as we drive the penetration of prepaid particularly because postpaid 
international roaming penetration aside prepaid was very low penetration in the last three months we have doubled it there is a 
tremendous emphasis and focus on this to simplify journey, simplify pricing, we have one plan basically one price plan across the 
world it is called a one-word plan and it is blended across different countries because we have bilateral deals with these operators 
around the world, but we blend it to arrive at a simplified pricing with use a lot of digital channels, digital mediums, including our app, 
WhatsApp and all of that to offer messages on a very customized basis at the point when the customer lands in the airport to 
actually buy that particular plan and so on and so forth. So all of these levers really are being driven hard and on postpaid like I said 
once you get a family on then you get sometimes users coming from competition as well again there is an ARPU upside so all of 
these levers actually help us get some organic movement in ARPU, I think this quarter has been good at Rs 7 of course it was a day 
extra which is about Rs.1.5 but even organically we did see a significant amount of ARPU upside on account of all of these levers 
that are playing out. 
 
 
Aditya Suresh - Macquarie 
 
Well that is good it is a steady increases each quarter, as these levers play at the background rather than being step changes which 
generate headlines. That is clear. Thank you for that. The second question is on operating leverage. Now with your comments 
around your focus on network operating expenses and your comments now on APRU and that steady increase is going forward 
should we expect a higher state of incremental EBITDA margins over the next couple of years and maybe it is a supplement and 
then this ties back to your comment around three cash flows as well which I agree with any comments on what this means for your 
return on invested capital. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 11 - 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Well I think this business is largely a fixed cost business so we love to see the operating leverage kick through. At this point in time I 
think our cost program will continue very aggressively, we still have a way to go and room for stripping out further cost in the Rs 
75000 to Rs 1 lakh category of sites opex per site, per month. So we are looking at some of that. If there is a tariff increase of 
course almost all of it flows through outside of taxes into the bottom-line barring some of the capacity investments that get made 
there is the strong operating leverage particularly in the case of where you have an unutilized network the rural expansion you have 
cost because you are rolling out side, you are also getting revenues. So to that extent I would not think that it would be a bit that 
accretive, but the operating leverage is a whole business must kick-in, I cannot give you a number, I cannot give you a guidance 
because we do not do that, but I would say that we would be doing a job that we would not be satisfied with, if we do not get 
operating leverage from the incremental revenue that we generate that is a target that we look at very, very closely. 
 
 
Aditya Suresh - Macquarie 
 
Thank you. 
 
 
Deepti - Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Mr. Yungjuen Yeoh. Mr. Yeoh you may please unmute your side, introduce yourself, and ask your 
question now. 
 
 
Yungjuen Yeoh - A R capital 
 
Thank you for the opportunity. I was just curious on the ARPU. Just if you can give us a bit more color on the medium-term outlook 
for ARPU Rs 300 obviously is the longer-term plan now it is Rs 200 with all the levels that you have described with postpaid and 
what you have just said, how should we think of the next few quarters in terms of our ARPU. Thanks. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I am afraid, I would not be able to give you a number there, but I think that like I said suffice it to say that we would be disappointed 
in ourselves, if we do not see some improvement in ARPU equating for days and all of that on an organic basis every few months. 
So I just leave it at that. 
 
 
Yungjuen Yeoh - A R capital 
 
Right, and in terms of that post-paid subscriber ads the 800k this quarter that is higher than the last two I think it was 700k last two is 
that a new level that we can expect or we feel that, that actually can increase quarter-on –quarter. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
I think that this has been the highest post-paid net addition that we have done ever. I would say July has begun strongly, so I hope 
that we continue to keep this going. 
 
 
Yungjuen Yeoh - A R capital 
 
Okay thank you. 
 
 
Deepti - Moderator 
 
With this I now hand over the proceedings to Mr. Gopal Vittal for closing remarks. 
 
 
Gopal Vittal - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Bharti Airtel Limited 
 
Again thank you very much for the engaging questions, as I mentioned I think it has been a good competitive performance this 
quarter and I look forward to seeing you in the coming quarter. Thank you very much. 
 

Final Transcript 
Transcript of Bharti Airtel Limited First Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the 
prior written consent of Bharti Airtel Limited. 
- 12 - 
Deepti – Moderator 
 
Thank you everyone for joining us today. The recording of this webinar will also be available on our website for your references. 
 
 
 
