 
 
 
 
Centum Electronics Limited 
# 44, KHB Industrial Area, Yelahanka New Town, Bangalore - 560 106, Karnataka, India 
Tel +91-(0)80-4143-6000 Fax +91-(0)80-4143-6005 Website www.centumelectronics.com E-mail 
info@centumelectronics.com CIN - L85110KA1993PLC013869 
 
 
 
         Ref: CEL/NSEBSE/18082023                                                                     
18th August 2023 
 
To, 
 
 
Re: Scrip Symbol: CENTUM/ Scrip Code: 517544 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors  
 
In continuation to our letter dated 14th August 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 
46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
Transcript of the conference call that was organized with the Analysts / Investors on 
Monday, August 14, 2023 at 14:00 hrs IST has been uploaded on website of the 
Company 
and 
the 
same 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
https://www.centumelectronics.com/financial-results/  
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Centum Electronics Limited 
              
 
Indu H S 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
              
              Encl: as above 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra Kurla Complex,      
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051                  
Department of Corporate Services – Listing,
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
INDU H S
Digitally signed by INDU 
H S 
Date: 2023.08.18 15:34:10 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
Centum Electronics Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
August 14, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Conference Call of Centum 
Electronics Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name 
is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors, we represent the Investor Relations of Centum 
Electronics Limited. On behalf of the company I would like to thank you all for participating in 
the company's earnings calls for the first quarter of financial year 2024.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us on today's earnings call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. Nikhil Mallavarapu, 
Executive Director; Mr. K S Desikan, Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I request 
Mr. Nikhil to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, Nikhil. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Thank you Anuj. And good afternoon everyone. I'd like to extend a warm welcome to all of you 
for our first earnings call. Thank you all for your interest in Centum and for making the time to 
join the call today. Despite being listed for close to 30 years, this is our first earnings call and I 
believe it is reflective of the heightened interest in our company and the ESDM sector more 
generally, which is at a turning point with all the global and domestic tailwinds, which have 

 
Page 2 of 17 
been long awaited. Given that this is our first earnings call, in the interest of some of the people 
who are new to the company, let me first start by giving a brief overview of the company. 
Centum Electronics was founded in 1993 in Bangalore by my father Mr. Apparao Mallavarapu. 
Since then, we have grown to become a full play electronic system design and manufacturing 
company catering to the high technology segments of defense, aerospace, space, mobility, 
which includes railways and automotive, industrial energy and healthcare. The company 
operates on three verticals, electronics manufacturing services, build to specification and 
engineering R&D. Under electronics manufacturing services or EMS, Centum is responsible for 
pilot and mass production of electronics. With designs presented by the client, it is a build to 
print model. Here Centum offers a wide range of manufacturing solutions from printed circuit 
board assemblies to complex box builds, line replaceable units and full system integration. 
Build to spec or BTS is a turnkey end-to-end service vertical which includes taking a project 
from conceptualization and designing to mass production quickly and efficiently. Operations 
under BTS are mainly driven by domestic, defense and space. Engineering R&D or ER&D is a 
pure engineering service vertical involving conceptualizing, designing and certifying electronic 
hardware, embedded software, FPGA, analog and RNA. This is managed by our French 
subsidiary Centum TNS or Adetel group in the past. Our portfolio is well diversified in terms of 
revenues from the different industry segments as well as from a service offering. We have 
operations in India, Europe and North America and our marquee customer list include the 
leading global OEMs in domestic organizations and the domains we operate in.  
Now with regard to Q1 FY24 performance. On a consolidated basis, operational income for the 
first quarter was around INR 244 crores, which grew by about 17% year-on-year. This growth 
was largely driven by the increase in revenues from the EMS business unit, as a result of new 
customer ramp ups. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, there was a reduction is revenue primarily 
due to higher revenue contribution from the build to spec vertical in the previous quarter, 
which tends to be lumpy in nature. It is therefore important to view us on an annualized basis 
and not on quarter-on-quarter basis. The order book at the end of Q1 remains steady at 1542 
crores. Outlook for the order book for the year is looking strong with the opportunity pipeline 
we have. On the domestic, defense and space side, the push for more indigenization as well as 
focused on space, an area where we have good capabilities, presence of good opportunities 
for us. Also, investment in railways in India, and other regions is strong. In our passenger 
information systems business is expected to grow with new project awards. Electric mobility is 
another area that we've had strong traction with, and we are expecting good order intake from 
existing and new customers.  
Now, I will request Desikan, our Chief Financial Officer to cover the main points on financial 
performance. 
K S Desikan: 
Thank you, Nikhil. And good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the earnings call once again. Let 
me give you some of the key performance highlights for the first quarter of the financial year 

 
Page 3 of 17 
2024. Though Nikhil mentioned I'll repeat this once again. On a consolidated basis our revenues 
for the first quarter was about 244 crores which is a growth of 17% year-on-year. And EBITDA 
reported was about 18 crores, which actually grew at 57% higher compared to the last year 
same time. The EBITDA margin stood at 7.33% first quarter. The net profit reported for the 
quarter is 1.4 crores. The growth in the consolidated revenue on a year-on-year basis was 
mainly coming from the EMS business. The decline on Q-on-Q is attributed through the high 
revenue contribution from the BTS segment in Q4, which all of you must have already noticed 
that, and that business as we keep saying in all of our communications is a bit lumpy in nature. 
So, I repeat once again what Nikhil said, it may be appropriate for us to be compared more on 
a year-to-year basis and on a yearly basis.  
The EBITDA margins increased from 5% in Q1 FY23 to 7% in Q1 FY24 due to the improvement 
in the revenues of the EMS structure. We are taking quite an amount of efforts to improve the 
EBITDA at the French subsidiary in the coming quarters, so that our consolidated EBITDA moves 
to a much higher level from the percent level of 7%. As Nikhil mentioned the order book, 
though it remained flat at 1540 crores similar to March level, the outlook is looking very strong 
and the opportunities are looking very bright. The working capital levels remained similar to 
March 23 levels, which is about 80 days. That's a very quick summary of the brief financial 
performance but I'm also happy to inform you that Centum was a key industrial partner to ISRO 
for the electronic side on the prestigious Chandrayaan-3 mission and we supplied critical 
modules and systems. And lastly, Centum was awarded a certificate of achievement by one of 
the DPSUs for indigenizing critical systems for armoured vehicles. So, that provides some kind 
of highlight and some details on the Q1 performance. With this, we can now open the floor for 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take the 
first question from the line of Vikram from NIA Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Vikram: 
Sir, my first question was in AGM we were guiding the subsidiaries will contribute positive side 
this year. And if we check in Q1 there is negative difference of five crore in PBT, if I check 
standalone and consolidated which means loss of four, five crores from subsidiaries. So, and if 
I see like there is also approx. nine to 10 crore per quarter cost of finance cost and depreciation. 
So, are we expecting 40 to 60 crore kind of EBITDA from subsidiaries this year. And what kind 
of margins we are expecting in remaining year in our subsidiaries side? 
K S Desikan: 
Thank you Mr. Vikram. That’s an important and interesting question. Yes, like what we 
mentioned in the AGM, the subsidiary will contribute positively and your estimation on the 
subsidiary performance for Q1 is correct, it has a loss. But generally, if you had observed the 
past history, the subsidiaries performance in the first half is always muted, it is likely to come 
back only in the second half of the year. And in the first half, our EBITDA margin for the 
subsidiary stood only at 5%. Our goal is to move that EBITDA margin by the end of the year to 
quote 7% to 8%. So, overall, in the second half you will see improvement. The comment on the 

 
Page 4 of 17 
finance cost, yes, the finance cost as you may know, have gone up compared to last year, but 
we were able to manage it to a reasonable level, the resource cost have gone up both domestic 
and international. But we are still around 10% of debt is our finance cost. So, we should be able 
to manage that. So, to answer your question, certainly performance will improve in the second 
half and you'll see for the full year 
Vikram: 
Okay. And sir what was the contribution of EMS business at standalone level in Q1. And are we 
expecting same kind of pattern and last year we will deliver more of our strategic business unit 
in second half? 
K S Desikan: 
Yes, like what we have mentioned in the earnings presentation, you will find that EMS 
contributed to about 39% of the total and it will continue to be so and our BTS will perform 
better in the second half like last year you are right. 
Vikram: 
Okay. And sir recently in our Centum day we announced the 35 million orders from electric 
mobility company and 10 million order of PIS, so what is the execution period for these orders 
and also I wanted to size of opportunity in India in PIS segment, what is order pipeline we have 
right now? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
The question around electric mobility. Can you just sort of repeat the question again?  
Vikram: 
So, recently we received two orders one from one electric mobility company and second order 
of PIS, passenger information system first ordered in India. So, I wanted to understand 
execution period of orders. And also I wanted to know opportunity size of PIS in India. And 
what kind of order pipeline we have right now? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, with regard to the electric mobility business, specific order we're talking about is executable 
over a four to five year period. This is but obviously this is not the only order that we are 
executing we have multiple opportunities ongoing with multiple customers. So, this is definitely 
an area that we have seen strong order intake over the past couple of years and expect that to 
be an important growth driver for us. So, that's on the electric mobility side. With regard to 
PIS, yes this is a business that is also been with us through the subsidiary for some time. But 
we've been able to leverage the know-how developed there to be able to win the first contract 
in India. That is, so there are significant opportunities there just to give a rough outline in our 
PIS business today is in the order of about 100 crores or so. And there's a significant opportunity 
to grow there. I can't speak very specifically about our opportunity pipe line but we feel there's 
some significant growth that we can achieve based on new investments in the sector.  
K S Desikan: 
I would just like to add Mr. Vikram, instead of looking at a specific opportunity and the 
executable timeline, I would suggest if you look at the total order book of 1540 crores, each 
one of them like for example, some of the BTS projects would be two years to two and a half 
years. EMS may be about 12 to 15 months and ER&D will be of 8 to 12 months. So, on an 

 
Page 5 of 17 
average, I would say that our order book is over 12 to 15 months, the entire 1542 crores is what 
I would say.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Ankit Gupta: 
On, Canadian subsidiary performance, in this quarter also, we've seen lower margins. And we 
had highlighted that the fixed price contract there were leading to such losses. So, when are 
this contract is expected to get completed and when can we expect some positive contribution 
from the Canadian subsidy? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
There are several steps that we're taking towards, we do expect several of these contracts to 
be completed in this financial year. And we are gradually cross deploying some of the resources 
we have in Canada to other billable projects so we can reduce the impact coming from there. 
So, over the course of this year we see this gradually improving, we're also doing some things 
to claim additional purchase orders from the customers to be able to compensate for some of 
these, but that's not completed yet. So, we will await the result of that. And finally, we also 
started to execute some of the work for those projects from India we've build a design team 
also here, manufacturing is already happening here. So, with all of these, we expect that going 
into next year we should see a positive contribution.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And in your commentary you have also highlighted that there are several, order book is 
in pipeline. And is this largely on the EMS side or the BTS side as well. That we expect that we 
will get some order fructification in coming three to six months? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Yes, both. Simple answer is both we do expect good opportunities both on build to spec as well 
as EMS. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure sir. And on passenger information system on the BTS side, we are pretty bullish about the 
opportunities which are rising in the Indian market. So, if you can specify what are our margins 
of PIS in line with the general margins that we have in BTS of around 20% to 25%. And secondly, 
since they won some orders from Delhi Metro, what will be the order size of the same and over 
how many years is that executable? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, in terms of speaking about margin on PIS business, it's important to break it up in two 
pieces. One is the actual gross margin on the product delivery side. And the second is the cost 
of development to people. So, when we look at the gross margin itself on the product 
deliveries, these are somewhere around 50% or so gross margin, which is a good number 
compared to what we would compare in a typical EMS kind of business. But the issue of the 
challenge that we've had, as I've mentioned earlier is that we have resources in Canada, which 
are high cost, and that has been pulling down the overall margin. So, this is where what we're 
doing is to move some of the work to India. And with that we are looking at improving the 

 
Page 6 of 17 
overall margin of business. So, that was one of the questions. Size and execution, so typically 
the contract values can vary depending on program itself. But, typical contract value can be 
anywhere from five to 10 million, or in some of the newer programs on mainline platforms can 
be even higher than that. And these are typically executable over a three to four year horizon. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir the Delhi Metro contract that we have won recently like we spoke about in the AGM also, 
how big is that order and what kind of margins do we expect in those kind of orders when 
especially where we'll be executing the project from our standalone office? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Once again, as Desikan mentioned we don't want to go into very specific order related points. 
But as I mentioned, this is typical contract that we received, and we see somewhere in the five 
to $10 million range and executable over a three to four year period. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And other projects in pipeline that we've bidded on, amongst Indian Metro authorities? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Yes, there are other projects we are bidding on. In fact, we are working very closely with one 
of our main customers, which is a global OEM to essentially be a platform supplier for PIS 
systems. So, that would essentially mean that it can be for any Metro in different parts of the 
world and certain share of their business volume will be awarded to us. So, that's something 
that we're in progress of working on. So, it’s not only Indian projects, as I mentioned earlier we 
are working on even global programs. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Amar from Alf Accurate. Please go 
ahead. As the current participant is not answering we'll move on to the next question, which is 
from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equity. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I have a couple of question to Desikan and Nikhil. What would be the effective taxes for FY24 
and future years. Second on the ER&D side as we are moving operations from Canada to India 
what is the directional call over there and when we see the complete or approximate higher 
transition from Canada to India, in quarter period wise? 
K S Desikan: 
I guess your first question was on the effective tax rate. So, that will be at the standalone level 
we will be at 25% and on the transition from Canada to India, it is started and it is gaining 
progress. We expect this to happen by the end of this financial year. So, that subsequent 
projects can be executed from India. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay. And on onshore, offshore mix side what blending we are expecting? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Onshore, offshore mix is a bit of a longer thing, we right now a lot of our engineers either on 
site or working on programs in France. So, this is I would say probably a two year to three-year 
ongoing journey that we're on. And it will be gradual shift in terms of the mix  

 
Page 7 of 17 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Chheda: 
So, my first question is on the growth in EMS, which we have witnessed in your initial remarks, 
you highlighted that it was a result of few new customer ramp ups, if you can add more light 
to what where these projects on, the nature of these customer wins is my first question. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Sure. So, a couple of things there that we, essentially to be able to better utilize the capacity 
that we have put up a couple of years ago, maybe two, three years ago we were focusing on 
segments where it is still high technology, long cycle kind of businesses but have higher 
volumes. So, we chose industrial and electric mobility and clean tech, broadly speaking as some 
of the key focus areas for us. So, those were customers that we had added. And all of them are 
global OEMs that we're referring to here. So, just to highlight some of the application areas, 
there's obviously electric vehicles itself where we're doing electronics for the power trains. 
That's been one, the other one was on clean tech, where we have customer we build the 
electronics for the hydrogen fuel cell area, that was another customer that we've been in. And 
another customer which is mainly equipment for power grids. This is also a result of Make in 
India push and now we are actually supplying to their global demand from India. And we are a 
single source supplier essentially on these product lines that we're working with them. So, this 
is just a flavor of some of the areas. But in addition to this, our legacy defense customers also. 
They have come back quite strong. The result of the Ukraine war, as well as increased defense 
budgets. In Europe, that has helped us take higher orders from them in the past year, which 
are now in the execution phase for. This is typically our offset kind of customers that we're 
talking to. 
Aditya Chheda: 
My next question is that, on the vision of improving our EBITDA margins for the subsidiary, 
three, four years hence, would that be a function of only cost or do you see scale playing out a 
major role in improvement of that EBITDA margins going ahead as well?  
K S Desikan: 
So, its roadmap type of thing I would say, presently we are in the range of 5% to 7% in the 
subsidiary, in the EBITDA margin. Obviously, the focus is also on cost reductions which we have 
initiated both in France as well as in Canada, like what we mentioned earlier Canada, we are 
trying to get the manufacturing transferred to India, and keep the cost as low as possible. That's 
the immediate low hanging fruit. The second one would be we onshore, offshore, which 
currently is not fully leverage though, we are increasing the headcount here. If you ask me, the 
onshore offshore will be in the range of 10% to 15% only on the offshore. So, we need to bring 
more business into the Indian design center and thereby improve the profitability at the French 
subsidiary. That's the second one and the third one is the immediate focus is, at the French 
company level itself we need to move the EBITDA to at least about 10% because that's an 
average a French company EBITDA margin, I would say but with the strength on the Indian 
entity and the technical knowledge of the French entity, we are bidding upon bigger projects, 
which can be awarded to the French entity. And that would probably be partly done in India, 

 
Page 8 of 17 
and thereby it will move from 10% to a higher EBITDA margin. It may not be exactly like the 
Indian, but it will definitely be in that direction. So, those are the three things that I would say. 
One is the cost reduction, two is onshore, offshore, and three is bidding for bigger projects on 
the strength of Indian process. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Just to just to add, one point being simply that, even without scale we feel we should be able 
to improve the margin up to a 10%, 11% range. And beyond that, there will be a contribution 
both from scale as well as the onshore, offshore. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Great, thank you for the answer. My final question is on the execution rate, on the order book 
it has been in the range of 65% to 80% in the past, would you want to guide any number as to 
how you're looking at the execution rate for FY24? 
K S Desikan: 
No, I mentioned earlier also, because the different businesses run at different speeds, the 
existing order book of 1540 crores, you can take it like 12 to 15 months of execution on an 
average. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Amar from Alf Accurate. Please go 
ahead. 
Amar: 
Couple of questions. Firstly, sir if you can give us the breakup of the order book in terms of let 
say engineering, R&D, EMS and bill to specification? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, it's roughly in line with our revenue share that you’ll see there is no, you can say about 30% 
to 32% on the ER&D side, about 38% to 40% or so on the EMS side and 28% or so on the Bill to 
Spec side so it’s roughly in line with our revenues. 
Amar: 
And sir you said that electronic execution period, EMS execution period is 14 to 15 months, bill 
to specification is two years and ER&D would be how much, execution period of the order 
book? 
K S Desikan: 
Between, eight to 10 months. 
Amar: 
Okay. And this bulk of your basically the French contribution would be coming into ER&D space 
currently, the French and Canadian business? 
K S Desikan: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
There will be a contribution in the build to spec part, the PIS part but, as we said majority of it 
is in the ER&D. 
Amar: 
Okay sir. But some bid in the build to specification also? 

 
Page 9 of 17 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Right. 
Amar: 
Okay. So, basically that is where the bigger change will happen, because of the offshore mix as 
well as the bulk of the business coming from Canada to India? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Yes. And basically stopping the budget overrun as we mentioned.  
Amar: 
And sir this transition which we are talking about, will that transition will be visible from let's 
say Q2, Q3 onwards or it will be more back ended than the front ended? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
It will be more in Q3, Q4 that is you can say a natural seasonality that we do have in the business 
but also as a result of some of these actions and we are taking.  
Amar: 
Okay. And at a closing basis, let's say run rate perspective I'm asking about at a closing level. 
Do we expect to close the let's say overall EBITDA margin or engineering R&D margin to let's 
say 7%, 8% closing basis? 
K S Desikan: 
Yes, definitely. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ankit Babel is from Subhkam Ventures. 
Please go ahead.  
Ankit Babel: 
A couple of questions. Sir, what were your order inflows in Q1 as consolidated levels and what 
kind of order inflows you are expecting for the full year at consolidated level excluding any 
customer forecast? 
K S Desikan: 
Our order inflow in the Q1 was roughly equivalent to the revenue that we did because you will 
find that order book is more or less flat. So, that’s one, but of course we do expect the inflow 
to increase significantly. But that will probably tell as we go along it can. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. But can it be like 1500 to 2000 crores because anyways, you will be doing a revenue of 
more than 1000 crore? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
We basically as we mentioned our medium term objective is to be at 20% or so overall. So, we 
do see our order book also increasing and it got better late.  
Ankit Babel: 
Sir, you mentioned that you expect to grow at 30% for the company as a whole? 
K S Desikan: 
No, 20% 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. And sir you mentioned that the margins in the subsidiary business would be around 7% 
to 8% for the full year FY24 right? 

 
Page 10 of 17 
K S Desikan: 
Yes. 
Ankit Babel: 
So, does it include the Canada subsidiary also? 
K S Desikan: 
Yes. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay, then what will be your margins in the standalone business for the year as a whole? 
K S Desikan: 
We should be going back to our 12% to 13% in the standalone EBITDA. 
Ankit Babel: 
Okay. So, it is fair to assume that for the full year at consolidated level around 10%, 11% EBITDA 
margin is possible? 
K S Desikan: 
Yes. 
Ankit Babel: 
And what is the way forward sir, let say in the next couple of years, let’s talk about two years? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, our objective is basically to move towards the 13% to 15% level and a consolidated level–. 
So, that’s our objective, really on a two to three year kind of basis. It will obviously depend on 
the mix that we have going forward but, based on our visibility that's what we're working 
towards. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Sanwal: 
So, wanted to understand that our employee cost remains almost similar at a console level 
year-on-year. So, the employee cost, if the particular sales reduces, maybe the quarter end or 
maybe quarter four. So, will the trend be similar going forward or could we expect a reduction 
in employee cost as a percentage of sales? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Your question is, employee cost as a percentage to the revenue or?  
Karan Sanwal: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
It will remain the same. 
Karan Sanwal: 
On a year-on-year basis right? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Annual basis yes. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Understood. And talking about, reducing our headcount in the Canadian subsidiaries, if you 
could provide us with a number that we have actually reduced, how much reduction that has 

 
Page 11 of 17 
already been done. And also if you're obligated to pay any severance pay to those employees 
going forward? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
The team size we have today is around 38 people or so in Canada, which has already been 
reduced from a higher level about a year ago that we had. So, second point in terms of any 
severance play, we have not had any impact on that. This is all a result of basically natural 
attrition that we've had. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. And last question is, if you could provide receivable and inventory levels for Q1 FY24, the 
numbers? 
K S Desikan: 
It has remained more or less the same level like March 23. Inventory is at about 105 days and 
receivables is about 110 days or so. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, my first question is on BTEP side. So, if in our earlier interactions, the indication was that, 
this segment typically is around 8% to 9% EBITDA margin. But in the AGM we said that  we will 
move towards 12%, 13% kind of number. So, can you give us some thoughts what has changed 
is the type of orders that we are getting is different, or it's the scale advantage, which is playing 
out some thoughts on that? 
K S Desikan: 
Yes, it used to be, you are right it used to be historically around 8% to 9%. Maybe a couple of 
things. Number one, we went ahead with the new customers in what you mentioned the 
electric mobility, clean tech, and more of industrial electronics. So, we move towards more of 
mid-size volumes and medium mix, than high mix and low volume which was typically in the 
defense side. So, reason one, shift towards increasing the industrial electronics with medium 
volume and medium mix, that was number one. And number two, also because the high mix 
involved a lot of costs about in terms of manpower and processing costs. Shift to this actually 
already brought down a little bit of manpower cost. So, in terms of number of people for the 
same, higher revenue remain the same. That was number two, and number three, and the 
industry 4.0. We have initiated inside the factory and due to that there's a lot of process 
improvements including automation, digitalization all of that, which helped us to control the 
cost. That's one, and finally, we could get a better margin from the customers in the newer 
sectors. So, this combined effect of all of this is what though the EBITDA margin from 8% to 9% 
to more than 10%, 11% or so. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, essentially, in the broader mix and the revenue mix, the proportion of offset would be how 
much and how do you see that going forward? 
K S Desikan: 
Can you repeat the question, please?  

 
Page 12 of 17 
Dhwanil Desai: 
The proportion from the offset business, which was typically a low margin business from the 
defense side. Is that proportion what is it currently and how do you see that going forward? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Overall view is that it should remain relatively flat. Just to be clear when we say offset business, 
this is part of the EMS business. Whereas when we talk about with build to spec defense stuff 
that is on the build to spec side, so with regard to offset for defense, we expect that to remain 
relatively flat, and it represents probably around 15 to somewhere between 15% to 20% of our 
overall sales. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Alright. My second question is on the overall numbers that we're talking about 20% revenue 
growth. So, I assume that ER&D business is low single digit growth considering that our focus 
currently is to bring back the profitability. So, that means that the other two businesses have 
to grow at more than 25%. So, one in terms of order book on the BTS side, what gives us 
confidence that BTS will be able to grow at 25% and also on the BTS side if you can give some 
sense as to out of the total BTS order book. What is the developmental orders, the proportion 
of the overall order book? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
On the build to spec side, these typically are projects have been in the works for quite a long 
time, from the time you actually start going after an opportunity till the time you actually 
received the order can be two to three years sometimes. So, our confidence is based on the 
fact that we are working on some specific opportunities for quite some time, you're actually 
hoping to receive some orders in the current quarter, but the last quarter they were delayed, 
but we still feel fairly confident that we should be able to win those contracts. There are also 
some others which are L1 based, so that we have to wait and see how it comes out, but with a 
limited competition in the mix. Then with regard to your question on development orders, I 
would say, a big portion of these are development orders. So, they will require design effort 
followed by production. So, there are few things we are working on in the armoured vehicle 
side, which Desikan touched on in his earlier remarks, where that will be production-based 
orders there, we have invested ourselves on developing indigenous equivalent of imported 
products. And once they're qualified, some of them are qualified already and the first few 
orders, those will be production or annuity kind of. So, it's mix, but I would say this year's 
projection, the majority of the orders we are expecting will be development orders. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Just a follow up on that, so developmental order, let's say you do the developmental 
order and execute in your two years, and now it’s done, then typically when those products 
are commercialized, the revenue potential from those products is multiple times of your 
developmental order, is that a right understanding? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
It depends on the application. So, if you're talking about applications like radar or for aircrafts, 
Navy, land systems all of that, you're right absolutely those will be, the recurring orders will be 
higher. But we also sometimes have, especially on the space side, which has been a strong area 
for us, those are typically project based orders. So, you win an order to develop and supply 

 
Page 13 of 17 
electronics for or payload for a satellite. And there are times where the same satellite 
constellations may be repeated subsequently. Or they may require some sort of further 
modification in the subsequent orders. So, I hope that answers your question.  
K S Desikan: 
Just to add. The question is right, in defense before even accepting a development order, we 
look at the potential possible at the end of this development. So, unless the potential is sizable, 
we may not even embark on the developmental order. Whereas in the space sector, it may be 
like what Nikhil said, it may repeat after three years or five years, because the same satellite 
doesn't go every year. So, that's the point. 
Moderator:  
We'll take the next question from the line of Narendra, an Individual Investor. Kindly proceed. 
Narendra: 
One question regarding the import ban that the government has imposed on certain 
electronics. So, does it help us in anyway or it does not pertain to any segments? 
K S Desikan: 
If you're referring to the ban on the import of laptops and computers, it doesn't affect us 
because we are not in that business at this point of time.  
Narendra: 
Okay. Are we planning to? 
K S Desikan: 
No, as a strategy, we have been on the high end and high tech of electronics. We have not 
considered consumer and telephone, mobiles, et cetera. So, not at this point of time, we don't 
have plans.  
Narendra: 
Okay. And also regarding your 20% growth target, so I'm assuming it’s for FY24s, right? 
K S Desikan: 
Sure, yes. 
Narendra: 
So, what could be the medium to long term target that you are planning to do? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Actually, what we talked about was really two to three year kind of CAGR we talked about. We 
don't give very specific guidance on year-on-year basis. But, we feel reasonably confident, we'll 
be able to achieve that level of growth on at least a two-to-three-year basis. 
Narendra: 
Okay. On the margin term say, five years down the line, or three, four years down the line, how 
much are we expecting to go on that, given the scale and cost saving measures that you are 
taking? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Four years down is a long time. So, like we said, based on our existing business mix and visibility 
that we have, we are working towards the 13% to 15% target in our overall two-to-three-year 
kind of horizon. Beyond that, it will largely be based on the mix. Fundamentally, each of these 
businesses have associated margin profile with it. So, where it can move after that will be 
largely dependent on how the mix will go. So, on the build to spec side, we will see some very, 

 
Page 14 of 17 
very significant project wins, you may see an improvement further from there. But 
fundamentally, it's a bit early to say anything about four years. 
Narendra: 
Okay. So, could you just throw some light on the margin profile of the different businesses, like 
what are we doing on each of the business segment, if you could share it would be helpful? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, as I mentioned at the beginning, if you talk about the EMS side of the business, this is 
fundamentally build to print kind of business. So, that's where we manufacture subsystems or 
systems for global OEMs. And this can be for again, for defense kind of customers and offset 
where we making electronics for the Rafale jet, traffic management systems and so on. And so 
on the industrial side, we make electronics for industrial power plants or power grid 
infrastructure and so on. EVs has been another area that we've been building out and also 
some medical devices. So, these are areas on the EMS side. On the build to spec, we have for 
example payloads for satellites, we make subsystems on missiles, armoured vehicles, so on. 
And our guidance system for example on this, these are some of the examples that we do. And 
also on the transportation side, we make the passenger information systems inside the train 
and finally on the engineering services side, we work with again multiple different sectors and 
customers. So, we work on avionics for aerospace, we work on different types of control 
electronics for defense, or signaling kind of equipment for railway. So, these are just some 
examples of the kind of things we do for these sectors. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pranav Bastawala an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Bastawala: 
I've got only one question. The electronic manufacturing industry is growing at an exponential 
pace. And next 10 years looks very exciting. Now as Centum is also likely to grow at 20% that is 
what I have been hearing, but when we look at the EMS industry as a whole, it is going to grow 
by leaps and bounds. And that's the kind of the opportunity we have. So, what are the growth 
levers for this company. Mr. Desikan or Mr. Nikhil, you can spell out how we are going to grow, 
what are the other areas by which we can grow beyond 20%. And how exciting those 
opportunities are. Can you shed some light on that. Thank you. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, the first thing Mr. Bastawala, we as a company we are not exclusively EMS. So, while we 
see a very aggressive growth in the EMS division itself when we say 20%, overall it is including 
all the other divisions of the group as well. So, just to say that, we do expect some aggressive 
or more aggressive growth plans in the EMS space itself in the coming future. So, in terms of 
what we are working on essentially, a couple of the decisions I talked about earlier was to move 
more aggressively into the automotive space, which is historically not been an area that we 
were present in. But we made that decision already a couple of years ago. And we've seen the 
benefit of that in terms of new order intake over the past years. So, that we expect will be an 
important growth driver for us. In addition to that, industrials and clean tech has been another 
area that we've seen very positive traction on, and that's driven either by the fact that the 

 
Page 15 of 17 
Indian government itself has put various restrictions in terms of when it's buying for 
government based tenders, and so on it mandates that certain, amount of certain indigenous 
content has to be present in the equipment or device, that's been one. On the second day, we 
have also seen some large US companies for example looking to move out of China. And they've 
identified us as a potential candidate for this shift. So, these are some of the real instances that 
we are seeing, which are substantial opportunities. And we hope to capitalize them. 
Pranav Bastawala: 
Sorry, if I can squeeze one more question, is it possible? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Sure. 
Pranav Bastawala: 
So, in space radar we have tied up with Indra. So, apart from that, are we in a position our are 
we looking at some other possibilities also with Indra, because this is going to be one more 
division, which is going to give a very huge revenue to this organization, and it can scale up 
considerably. Can you just throw some light onto this? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
I wouldn’t answer specific to Indra, the point being just that, we are looking to move up the 
value chain, to deliver full systems to the armed forces. And there's different areas we had 
space readers we talked about, but we've also done some partnerships on the electronic 
warfare side and a few other things. So, we are working on some significant opportunities 
beyond the space radar to be able to position ourselves as a supplier of systems directly to the 
armed force. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vinay Kumar Jain an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Kumar Jain: 
I just wanted to ask, while other players in the EMS industries are giving growth projection of 
40% to 50%, why is Centum is sticking to 20% growth target only?  
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
So, as I mentioned earlier, first of all we are not only an EMS company as we share we are 40% 
of our overall number is EMS. So, when we speak about overall growth rates, it’s at a 
consolidated basis including the other segments. Having said that, we obviously have 
aggressive internal targets that we're working towards. But, based on visibility that we have 
this is medium term thing we feel confident at a minimum to be able to achieve, but we are 
working towards more aggressive targets. 
Vinay Kumar Jain: 
Thank you. And second question, since we are in the space segment for such a long time and 
associated with ISRO and participated in very important projects like Mangalyaan, 
Chandrayaan, so are you are you looking at getting some business from NASA and SpaceX also? 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
No, NASA is not really a major opportunity that we see currently. Space sector also tends largely 
to be parochial or nationalistic, so to speak. So, they would be obviously promoting American 

 
Page 16 of 17 
companies in terms of their own contracts. So, our focus in terms of spaces continues to be on 
the Indian market. But there are certain things that we are doing to be part of global programs 
with the global OEMs, , which are existing customers. Whereas there are some opportunities 
which are coming up for a company like us to be part of the program. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Jay Jesrani from Mountain Lion 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Jay Jesrani: 
Wanted to know that the French subsidiary has been invested like five to six years old, there 
has been a good turnaround in terms of trying to get business from there to India and trying to 
improve margins. But since the time it was invested, was the growth expectation to be this low 
or are we looking at a faster growth from the French subsidiary than what it is currently. And 
do you see it growing faster than the Indian subsidiary because, the French subsidiary is more 
towards adapting to the world opportunity. And India opportunity is growing but do you see 
the France giving us better growth in next two years, I don't want to look ahead just in next 
two years, because it’s been seven to eight years that we would have invested in the company. 
Thank you. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Mr. Jesrani, thanks for the question. If you look back at the history there's obviously been 
multiple effects that we've had,. since we entered the company. We talked about already the 
divesting of a substantial part of the business which was the energy, products division that was 
divested a couple of years ago. So, that was one of the impacts. And then subsequently, in the 
post COVID period we also had an impact because of the industries that we operate in. So, 
that's been some of the challenges were not able to see the growth over the past few years. 
Having said that, this year first of all we do expect reasonable growth coming from the French 
subsidiary itself. And to the question of what we're looking out in terms of two years, our first 
objective with regard to the subsidiary is more to improve our margins by optimizing on the 
cost in the execution and that's really the first focus rather than pushing for the significant 
growth happening from there. And, in terms of demand purely from the engineering services 
side itself, the important point is we do have really good customers and we are in good spaces. 
So, once we are able to work out our fix, so to speak on the margin side, then we should be 
able to drive growth after that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management from Centum Electronics Limited for closing 
comments. Over to you. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings concall. I hope we were able to answer your 
questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business. If you have any 
further questions, or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our 
Investor Relations Manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you, stay safe and stay healthy. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
K S Desikan: 
And wish you all a Happy Independence Day tomorrow. 
Nikhil Mallavarapu: 
Happy Independence Day. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Centum Electronics Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
