 
 
 
Vakrangee Limited “Vakrangee Corporate House”, Plot No.93,  
Road No.16, M.I.D.C. Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093. Maharashtra, 
W: www.vakrangee.in | L:+91 22 6776 5100 
CIN: L65990MH1990PLC056669`` 
 
 
 
July 19, 2023 
 
To, 
 
Department of Corporate Relationship 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001  
Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference call on financial results for quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
Ref.: Scrip Code – 511431/VAKRANGEE 
 
We enclose herewith a copy of the Transcript of Conference Call held on Monday, July 17, 2023, in 
respect of the financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2023. 
 
The same can also be viewed at:  
https://vakrangee.in/pdf/Annual_and_Quarterly_Results_FY2023_24/Q1/Concall-Vakrangee-
Limited-17072023.pdf  
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vakrangee Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Khandekar 
Company Secretary 
(Mem. No.: A50577) 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
KHANDEKAR 
SACHIN TUKARAM
Digitally signed by KHANDEKAR SACHIN TUKARAM 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=9b8c16b6d2ea4521ca3fc63913c039dabc80651029f
00c28ea4ca75e666ec3c2, postalCode=400069, street=3097A 
Shri Sai prasad sra chsl sai wadi n s, phadke road,andheri east, 
pseudonym=0ed49c8385f773630df2f59c1809287a, 
serialNumber=d0ee1a6f46e34aa2c42edac2de47e7873c6543
1b6bfe84a88768657f9458d264, o=Personal, cn=KHANDEKAR 
SACHIN TUKARAM 
Date: 2023.07.19 17:18:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
Vakrangee Limited 
Q1-FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
July 17, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vakrangee Limited Q1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Ladies and gentlemen, 
in order to ensure that the management is able to address questions from all the participants 
in the conference, please limit your question to one per participant. Should you have a follow 
up question, we would request you to rejoin the question queue. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference host over to Mr. Dinesh Nandwana – Managing Director & Group 
CEO. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Dinesh Nandwana: 
Thank you. Good day, dear ladies and gentlemen. It is a pleasure to greet you all once again on 
behalf of our Board of Directors and senior management. We begin by thanking all of you for 
having spare time in joining us here today to discuss our first quarter earnings for the financial 
year 2024. Our current listed entity Vakrangee Limited now consist of existing business of 
Vakrangee Kendra physical outlet as well as the digital platform of BharatEasy mobile Super 
app. Vakrangee Kendra business is now a pure retail centric consumer facing an asset-light 
franchisee-based model. Today, we have emerged as the Go to Market Platform for the rural 
India for our various business verticals including the new-edge FinTech and digital platform. 
We are building one of the India's largest last mile distribution platform and emerging as the 
physical plus digital ecosystem with a Pan India presence. 
 
Today, we have more than 21,003 active transacting and newly onboarded outlet spread across 
32 states allocated and 557 districts and 5,383 postal codes. Our 84% outlets are present in 
deep rural Tier 4 to 6 locations. This kind of presence makes us the partner of choice for any 
new business partners who wish to make their products services available in rural India. We 
have a clear focus on market expansion and to extend our first mover advantage we are 
planning to cover entire 764 districts which is 100% of district coverage across the country 
through appointing district level Master Franchisee. We have successfully appointed Master 
Franchisee in 292 districts across 28 states across the country. These Master Franchisee would 
provide on-ground operational support to our existing franchisee as well as [Inaudible 02:48] 

 
Page 2 of 9 
new franchisee acquisition. This would lead to help us scale at a faster pace and expand on a 
Pan India basis.  
 
We believe this Master Franchise university is a game changer and strengthen our local field 
presence and operational control at a ground level. We plan to achieve 100% district coverage 
by the end of this financial year. These new institutes would help us scale at a much faster pace 
and thereby achieving our long-term targets well ahead of targeted timelines. With the 
development of a digital economy India is fastly moving towards digital payments mechanism 
and emerging as a cashless society with the fast pace of digital payment penetration, cash 
transactions such as ATM and banking cash transactions are expected to witness slowdown.  
 
Therefore, there would be profitability and viability challenge for standalone business model 
such as only White label ATMs, only banking AePS provider only money transfer providers 
which are dependent on cash transactions. Vakrangee is future ready with a clear focus on 
building long term, sustainable and profitable business model which focus on non-cash based 
banking offerings such as account opening, loan products, insurance services, fixed deposit and 
NPA recovery. Further, we have no dependency on single line of products or services and have 
a wide portfolio of products and services such as online shopping, total healthcare services, bill 
payments, online cable services mobile recharge, CIBIL score services, Pan Card services, online 
opening of Demat and trading account opening services and many more.  
 
Further we have a strong footfall and brand presence in rural India and our customer trust us 
with the day-to-day banking needs. During Quarter 1 Financial year 2024, we opened 4,00,000 
new bank account 2,00,000 plus insurance schemes plus pension policy and did more than 2 
crore banking transaction with a gross transaction value of Rs. 11,734 crore. There is a huge 
under penetrated rural market with a huge retail and MSME customer base. Further, there is 
a lack of trust within the central rural customer base. Therefore, physical presence and 
assistance is the key differentiator.  
 
Going forward, we are well structured to transition into a neo bank as we plan to launch neor 
banking services through our BharatEasy Mobile Super app platform. Through this, we are 
focused to evolve into a unique or to online to offline platform whereby there would be 
assistance available through the physical Kendra network along with digital Neo banking 
services. Further we have strong existing retail customer base in rural India and we are focused 
on affordable pricing and unique online to offline consumer experience.  
 
Commenting on the quarterly results, our total income stood at Rs. 55.9 crore in Quarter 1 23-
24 increased by 14.7% on a year-on-year basis. Our EBITDA is 6.9 crore increased by 55.9% on 
a year-on-year basis and our PAT stood up at 0.49 crore in Quarter 1 and 23-24 increased by 
716.7% on year-on-year basis. Our profitability has started just improving on year-on-year basis 
as well as there has been improvement in operating margin whereby our EBITDA margins have 
improved to 12.5% for the current quarter. Our growth in margins and profitability shall 

 
Page 3 of 9 
continue as a scale up our network and operating leverage hits in Quarter 1 23-24 our gross 
transition value closed 14,920.7 crores, total of transition cost 3.3 crores. We have appointed 
exclusive district level Master Franchisee partners in 292 districts across 28 states across the 
country. These Master Franchisee shall provide on ground operational support to the existing 
franchise outlets as well as drive new franchisee acquisition. We plan to achieve 100% district 
coverage Pan India presence by 2024.  
 
Vakrangee Digital Ventures Limited is 100% subsidiary company of Vakrangee Limited. The 
company has launched a mobile super app-based business platform primarily targeting rural 
India. BharatEasy app India is Super app. We have made live and activated some of the key 
services like online shopping, online, agriculture products, total healthcare services, online 
demat account opening, CIBIL credit score rating services as well as online Pan card activation 
services. A unique differentiator and sustainable competitiveness advantage whereby our 
digital super app platform would be able to leverage the Vakrangee on ground ecosystem, a 
vast well diversified Pan India level physical store network of a Vakrangee as a point of physical 
assistance especially to consumer, to semi urban and rural remote location. 
 
Vakrangee Digital Venture should leverage the Vakrangee ecosystem, strong brand recall, 
Vakrangee Kendra enjoys good positive NPAs among our users. Our NPAs score is 68% as per 
RedC Research. Access to existing Vakrangee customer base, access to existing network of 
21,000 plus outlet for physical assistance and consumer awareness. This unique proposition of 
digital along with physical would help the digital channel to scale up fast and would significantly 
reduce the cost relating to acquiring customers, physical assistance, order fulfilling and retail 
management of online orders.  
 
Further leveraging physical presence would result into better customer interaction, strong 
brand recall and better service experience and trust for the customer. We have recently 
launched our strategy for vision 2030. By 2030, we plan to have 100% Pan India coverage 
through our physical Vakrangee Kendra outlet network along with BharatEasy digital mobile 
app. Our target is to reach 3,00,000 plus outlet along with minimum 15,000 plus ATMs. We are 
currently building a Pan India district level Master Franchisee network which will result in a 
strong on ground operational management as well as higher stability in future. We plan to 
achieve 100% district level Master Franchisee coverage by March 24.  
 
With this, our plan is to achieve a revenue target of US $1 billion by 2030 along with the gross 
transaction value of more than $150 billion US. Our company also has been globally ranked 
number one in the Sustainalytics, ESG risk ranking assessed in the software and service industry 
segment. Overall, Vakrangee has been recognized by Sustainalytics as an ESG global 50 top 
rated company Vakrangee Limited has been identified as a top ESG performance out of more 
than 4000 comprehensive companies that Sustainalytics cover in a global universe. Vakrangee 
has been recognized by S&P Global and has a score of 78 ESG score S&P global score in the 
Corporate Sustainability Assessment Survey. 

 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Vakrangee has been accepted as a signatory of United Nations Global Compact and we have 
mapped our sustainability in the city with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
Further, we have appointed Grant Thornton as our Assurance Auditor for our assurance of our 
integrated annual report. Global recognition reflects companies commitment to further 
enhance its corporate governance and transparency standards. Company has achieved global 
recognition across various platforms for its superior ESG performance and long term business 
sustainability.  
 
Now with our vision 2030, we have a clear road map towards growth expansion and 
profitability. We are focused on expanding our network to 3,00,000 plus outlet thereby 
achieving US $1 billion of revenue and US 150 billion of gross transaction value. I would now 
like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders for their support. We can now open the 
floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Thank you. We will 
take the first question from the line of Mr. Jitesh Kumar, individual Investor. Please go ahead 
sir. 
Jitesh Kumar: 
I have seen that the company has released the vision 2030, can you please throw some light 
on the same and as per current number how you plan to achieve the revenue of $1 billion and 
the target of 300,000 number of outlets, can you please explain the growth plan of the 
company? 
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So, basically, if you see, we have officially released our vision 2030 as a detailed document in 
place which is also available on our website, but I would like to take you through this. So, if you 
see basically what we are saying is that our first target is to have a complete presence through 
our Master Franchisee network. So, we intend to cover an entire 764 districts in this financial 
year itself. So, before March 24, we wish to have a exclusive district level Master Franchisee 
partner in place. So, already we have completed 292 districts so which is almost you can say 
40% of the country has been covered through this, but we intend to have the complete 100% 
district coverage in this financial year and then what we are saying is currently we are having a 
network of outlets which is around 21,000 active transacting outside we wish to take this to 
around 300,000 outlets. Now this 300,000 outlet is again derived scientifically basically where 
we are saying that every gram Panchayat can have one Vakrangee Kendra outlet providing 
these multiple lines of products and services and every urban world basically. So, in the urban 
world also wherever there is a lot of urbanization done we have removed those. So, wherever 
which are semi urban in nature or rural in nature or there is a kind of lot of slum area population 
in there. Accordingly, there is 50,000 wards which are eligible where we can have a Vakrangee 
Kendra outlet. So, overall, the target is around 300,000 stores where we are planning to have 
this and this will be easily achievable once we have this franchise network in place because at 
764 exclusive district level Master Franchisee partner then every district level Master 

 
Page 5 of 9 
Franchisee is given a target and where they are looking at their own particular district and their 
interests are completely aligned with our interest because they get a percentage of the fee 
from the franchising income. So, their interests are completely aligned whereby they ensure 
that operationally all the existing franchisees are given the proper service and support at the 
same time they are interests are completely aligned and setting up the new franchisees 
because they get a commission fee for each of these activities so that is where this comes into 
play.  
 
On the ATM side, we are targeting a minimum of 15,000 ATMs because we feel that not every 
area would be eligible for an ATM. But on a very conservative side, we are seeing out of these 
300,000 stores, at least 15,000 will be having an ATM in place and if you see from a broader 
perspective if we are able to set up these 300,000 stores and we have also given the mature 
store outlet economics where we are seeing on the maturity basis, if my outlet is able to do 
with all services in place is able to do around Rs. 40,000 to Rs. 50,000, which is again from a 
fairly conservative side then again we are able to achieve the numbers which we are seeing. 
So, around $1 billion of revenue with a stable margin profile of around 15% to 16% kind of 
EBITDA margin and around 8% to 10% kind of PAT level margin. So, that is where we are 
targeting through our vision 2030 documents. And also, if you see the overall GTV gross 
transaction value at the current run rate which we are doing. We will easily be able to reach 
around $150 billion of throughput. So, that is that is again something which is very much in 
place from our existing number. So, it is not something which is very ambitious, it is something 
which is achievable as we achieve the year wise execution target. So, again in this vision 2030 
document what we have done is we have also given year wise target. So, our year-wise targets 
are available in terms of our number of Master Franchisees, number of ATMs and number of 
active transacting outlets. So, if you are able to track us on these numbers then the financials 
are the outcome of these operational numbers. So, we are we are very confident right now 
with the kind of response that we are getting in terms of from Master Franchisee as well as at 
the ground level from our franchise network. We are fairly confident that we are on strong 
footing right now. We have done a lot of hard work in the last four to five years where we have 
transformed the business to an exclusive branded format. So, post COVID we have transformed 
to a Master Franchisee network where the Master Franchisee is a local level entrepreneur at a 
district level who is able to do provide local support as well as do local level marketing in 
addition to our centralized level marketing. So, I think so we are now in the right framework 
where we are able to achieve these numbers and I would request you all to also go through 
the vision 2030 document where we have given a fairly detailed information and the layout of 
our strategy going forward. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We take the next question from the line of Ms. Ankita Sharma an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankita Sharma: 
My question is that you have started the concept of Master Franchisees and you have 
appointed Master franchise in more than 290 districts. How do you see that these Master 

 
Page 6 of 9 
Franchise are helping in day-to-day business and how it is helping and increasing the revenue 
as well as profitability, also the operating margin are seen improving, but where do you see 
long-term operating and profit margins stable? Can you please elaborate? 
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So, I will just give you a little bit brief on the Master Franchisee. So, typically a Master 
Franchisee is an exclusive business partner to us at the district level location. So, for every one 
district there is one Master Franchisee whom we select. This Master Franchise is typically with 
the background or with the profile of where he has been running a business similar to a 
distribution business, so he might be a distributor of a telecom or a money transfer or insurance 
or any of these kind of services. So, he already has an experience of running a network as well 
as managing operations.  
 
Second thing, what we do is whenever we select the Master Franchisee, the Master Franchisee 
has to set up a team in place. So, the minimum requirement is for smaller district it is 1 plus 2 
that is apart from Master Franchisee at least two more employees and in a bigger district it is 
minimum 1 plus 5 then again based on the density of that particular district we increase the 
size. And what we do is provide them a complete induction and training from centralized level 
as well as at the state level. So, we also have the state heads and the state team in place and 
also at the centralized level we all our business teams as well as the training teams are in place 
where we make them undergo a complete training across all our services and so that the 
Master Franchisee is well equipped in order to resolve the day-to-day operational issues. At 
the same time he is well equipped in terms of managing the relationships at the local bank level 
or at the local partnership level. 
 
Second thing, we also hand hold them in terms of the marketing strategies in setting up the 
new franchise outlets basically because their targets are too prone. One is basically they have 
to expand the existing network so they have to set up new franchisee stores. And the second 
thing is to support the existing stores or to support the existing operations. So, at the 
operational level what is happening is my existing franchisees are now getting a better service 
because they are already getting a service from the centralized operation. But at the same 
time, they have a local district level person in place whom they can connect, and if there is any 
physical visit required, if there is any physical handholding required or any local level 
knowledge required then the Master Franchisee person and his team is already in place.  
 
So, what we are experiencing is through this it’s an asset like model for us because it's a variable 
cost model. The Master Franchisee is earning a percentage of commission from the franchisee 
income. So, the interests are aligned for everyone. Franchisees is able to get a better service 
because Master Franchisee his interest is in that the franchise is running properly and earning 
better because he is going to get a commissions that the franchise earn. So, he is there to 
support the franchisee. We are also getting benefited because there is no fixed cost model to 
us. So, there is no local field level huge cost to us. Earlier we used to have a field level team and 
there was the monitoring was a very difficult phase specifically during COVID. Now because of 

 
Page 7 of 9 
this Master Franchisee network in place it is a variable cost model to us because as the 
franchisees will earn better, the Master Franchisee will earn a particular income on the 
incremental business that they generate from the existing stores and even for the new setup 
of outlet they get a Commission. So, in that manner it's a asset light model for us which help us 
better scalability. The second thing, a better knowledge base and better operational support is 
there as there is a local level team in place. So, many a times all this for the banking BC business 
many times you need to physically go and visit the zonal offices, regional offices in order to 
take the feedback on the BC Code. So, that is where the Master Franchisee is available at the 
district level location and he can go and do the licensing from our behalf.  
 
And third thing is basically since now both these things work in tandem the operating leverage 
kicks in because without any additional major expenses I'm able to leverage this master 
franchise network and expand my franchise network and also improve the financials of my 
existing stores. So, if you see therefore you are seeing the betterment in terms of my operating 
margin. So, my operating margins, which were ranging between 7% to 10% over the last three-
to-four quarters, now we are seeing that improvement and we have reached around 12.5% 
kind of operating margins in place. So, as we scale more and more the sustainable margins 
which we have also shared in our vision 2030 document is that's in the range of around 15% to 
16% because 15% to 16% is where we feel that our EBITDA margins can remain stable and in 
absolute amount we are going to see a significant growth going forward as we scale the 
network and as we get all these 100% district covered under the Master Franchise network. I 
hope this answers the query. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Jay Tripathi. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Jay Tripathi: 
So, my question is why the number of outlets and ATM are not increasing and it is stable. You 
are appointing Master Franchises and it is their responsibilities for new acquisition. So, can you 
please explain the same? Also, how you are planning to achieve the year-wise target of outlets, 
how do we see the growth in terms of the new outlet expansion plan? 
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So, if you see basically as I said our first focus over the last six months has been on building this 
Master Franchisee network because we feel that the next lag of growth has to be led by the 
Master Franchise network because once we have the Master Franchise network in place then 
the scalability can be at a multiple facets rather than going in a linear fashion. So, we felt to 
achieve the growth target which we are targeting, we need to have a local level presence in 
place and that is where the master franchisee focus came in. And if you see in the last six 
months lot of energy has gone into lot of bandwidth has gone into setting up this Master 
Franchisee network and we have already achieved by setting up 292 districts where we have 
got the Master Franchise office in place now and in this financial year itself we will be finishing 
the entire country which is 764 districts where we will have a Master Franchisee in place.  

 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Now in the secondly if you see in terms of the number of outlets, again one more thing what 
has happened is we have also the disclosures that we have done is much more transparent in 
the sense that we are now sharing the active transacting outlet. So, we have changed the 
definition a little bit. So, all the outlets which are completely operational fully operational and 
are active we are disclosing that number. So, the 21,003 number that you are seeing is basically 
the active transacting stores which are transacting during the year and second thing is they 
basically if you see as the Master Franchisee is come into place and they are given the 
operational target, the number of outlets will increase substantially over the next 18 to 24 
months because what is happening is for the current year also if you see even in our vision 
2030 document. Our target number of outlet is 27,000. So, it is not something which we are 
going to double our network from 21,000 to say 30,000, 40,000 it is to 27,000, which is where 
by design or by strategy what we are doing is we are focusing on building the Master Franchisee 
network first. So, this year target is to have 764 Master Franchisees in place.  
 
Second is to focus on their induction, their training to make that cycle very smooth and then 
they are given the target because just imagine 764 district where Master Franchisees are there 
if they are given a target of even just setting 10 outlet per quarter and it is more than 7,000 
outlets per quarter, so that is automatically it reaches 28,000 outlets in a year. So, that is how 
the model becomes scalable. So, our focus is right now to set up the Master Franchisee 
framework, get all the Master Franchisees on board, complete their hand holding training 
induction properly and then we start to be monetizing it and that is where the big numbers will 
start following up in terms of number of outlets and number of ATMs. 
 
For the current year, we have already rolled out our strategy. Our target is 27,000 stores and 
around (+7000) ATMs which is on track and which you will see every quarter-on-quarter we 
will be sharing the update on the same and that is that is where we stand today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the last question from the line of Mr. Rajeev Kulkarni, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Rajeev Kulkarni: 
My question is now the digital payment is increasing day by day and how it is impacting our 
business, do we see any decrease in the term of number of transition also post demerger we 
see any new line of services to be added in the business as e-Governance business has been 
transferred to another entity? Is there any new partnership or services and pipeline, can you 
please explain? 
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
So, as we also highlighted in our introduction speech also that yes India is moving towards the 
cashless society and lot of digital transactions, market share of the UPI and everything what we 
are reading today is a reality where the number of digital transactions are increasing. And that 
is where it challenges the standalone business model. So, a standalone, it's the white label ATM 
operator or a standalone say DMT money transfer agent or a standalone BC, AePS enabled 
agent who is just doing cash deposit withdraw transaction then it's a threat to all those 

 
Page 9 of 9 
standalone businesses, but what makes us unique or what just makes Vakrangee standout is 
that we are having a multiple line of products and services which is a mix of cash and non-cash 
transactions. So, that is where we are actually able to leverage this digital payment also and 
we are able to monetize it across other services. So, we are offering the e-commerce services 
which is online shopping, online travel services at the same time we are offering services like 
account opening, FD, RD and the insurance Services, NPA recovery is also another service 
specifically for the PSU Bank what we are doing. 
 
So, we are also increasing our focus toward non cash transactions and asking our franchisee to 
focus on these new products and new services because on a longer-term perspective definitely 
there is going to be reduction in the number of cash transaction, but at the same time, the 
consumption is increasing and that is where the non-cash transaction comes into play and that 
is where our focus is also. So, even in terms of new products and new services, we are talking 
to lot of OEM's where we are able to tie-up directly with the mobile manufacturing companies, 
brands where we are able to launch their product directly onto our Vakrangee E-Mart portal 
which is our own proprietary e-commerce portal. At the same time what we are also 
contemplating is how to leverage this ONDC network where we are also planning to have a 
buyer app as well as the seller app targeting vice versa of selling of products and services. So, 
that is where again our technology team and strategy team is working on and I think so over 
the next couple of quarters you will see some developments coming in on the ONDC side also 
because we feel that as a growth opportunity from a Vakrangee perspective.  
 
So, yes definitely as I told you even our focus is moving towards non-cash transactions. We are 
definitely increasing our focus towards the non-cash transactions. We are already having a 
good amount of funnel in terms of new products and services in place as well as we are looking 
how to leverage this ONDC and have our own buyer and seller app to leverage this opportunity. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ammeet Sabarwal from Vakrangee Limited for closing 
comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ammeet Sabarwal: 
Thank you everyone for taking time out and attending our first quarter FY24 concall in case of 
any further queries or any doubt, please feel free to reach out to us, my e-mail ID is 
Ammeets@vakrangee.in and also our vision document as well as our corporate presentation is 
available on the website. So, anyone who would like to have to look at it can please download 
from our website. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vakrangee Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
