 
 
22 May 2023 
 
 
To,  
BSE  Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam: 
 
Subject: 
Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 17 May 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with investors on Wednesday, 17 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss 
the unaudited financial results for the quarter and year ended 31 March 20223. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely, 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
VINOD 
MALI
Digitally signed 
by VINOD MALI 
Date: 2023.05.22 
15:55:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Financial Results Conference Call” 
 
17 May 2023 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ROHAN JOHN - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJIV GANDHI - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL JHANWAR - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hester Biosciences 
Q4 FY2023 Financial Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rohan John from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to Sir! 
Rohan John: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Hester 
Biosciences Limited’s fourth quarter and full year FY2023 earnings 
conference call. So today we have the senior management with us, Mr. 
Rajiv Gandhi, CEO & Managing Director, Ms. Priya Gandhi, Executive 
Director and Mr. Nikhil Jhanwar, CFO on this call. I thank the management 
for giving ICICI Securities the opportunity to host this call. Over to you Sir! 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Good afternoon everybody. This is Rajiv Gandhi and as always nice to 
connect with all of you. Today the presentation will be given by Priya 
Gandhi, Executive Director and my daughter and after that in the Q&A she, 
Nikhil and myself we will be there to answer all the questions. Over to you 
Priya! 
Priya Gandhi: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining the call today. This is 
Priya Gandhi, Executive Director, Hester Biosciences. Usually my father Mr. 
Rajiv Gandhi takes the call with you all and while he is present on the call 
today I will be taking the briefing that happens before the Q&A and he 
shall join in and be there to answer your question. With the numbers and 
information in front of you which got released today I shall get onto the 
subjective part of the performance of Q4 FY2023. Our revenues for the 
quarter went up by 21% on a standalone basis and 19% on a consolidated 
basis. EBITDA grew by 11% on a standalone basis and 13% on a 
consolidated basis. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Coming onto the divisional performances of poultry and animal health, our 
objective to reduce the dependency on one division has yielded results 
partly due to the continued depressional conditioning of the poultry 
industry as well as our efforts to grow the sales in the animal health 
division. From 80% dependency on the poultry division in the year 
FY2021-2022 the contribution of poultry division has come down to 60%. 
This in a way now has helped us as equal distribution of sales amongst the 
division, which gives us the cushion to overcome any downcycles in any of 
the divisions. The animal healthcare division saw an upward trend from Q4 
with the LSD outbreak in the cattle. As mentioned earlier Hester India does 
not produce vaccine to prevent LSD; however, the Government of India 
allows the usage of the goat pox vaccine which we produced to prevent 
the LSD in cattle. We supply this vaccine across the country through trade 
plus tender meanwhile we have also acquired a technology for the LSD 
vaccine from the Indian Veterinary Research Institute Government of India 
the vaccine will be ready by FY2024. Our health products also 
complemented the LSD vaccine to ensure better health in cattle. The 
poultry healthcare division has been impacted with a degrowth of 8% in 
Q4, the poultry industry continues to be under stress, the egg prices, meat 
prices, etc., are lower than the production cost and this makes it very 
difficult for the farmers to invest into resources to rare birds and flocks in 
the way it should be done. With this even with the demand that continued 
to remain the payment cycles has been adversely affected. However, the 
poultry vaccine sales is showing a recovery trend as the degrowth has 
come down from 27% in Q1 to 16% in Q4. 
 
Speaking of the newly launched pet care division, the pet care division has 
been functional since the last three quarters; we have launched around 10 
products in 15 territories. I had mentioned in the last call keeping the 
seasonal demand in mind we will be launching deworming solutions in Q4, 
the launch of which was in line with the planning. In the coming quarter 
we intend to launch a couple of more specialized products in new sales 
territories. A point to mention here is that worldwide sales of pet divisions 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
of animal health companies is higher than their poultry and animal health 
division and with this we are very hopeful towards the growth of our pet 
division. 
 
With regards to the profitability of the quarter there is a growth of 11% in 
the EBITDA coming from the increase in sales; however, the growth in the 
health products contribution and the work done towards the expansion of 
animal and pet division our gross margin has reduced by 1%. Having said 
that I would also like to point out that the gross margin percent of the 
health product has improved more than 4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Now talking about the way forward the Government of India has 
commenced immunization program against the PPR disease Hester had 
won the tender for this. The total value of the order is Rs.40 Crores out of 
which Rs.38 Crores is to be executed in the coming year in a phased 
manner. 
 
Based on the advisory issued by the Ministry of Fisheries, Animal 
Husbandry & Dairying, the yearly immunization against LSD will also have 
to be carried in order to avoid any severe outbreak. With this we shall be 
supplying the goat pox vaccine for this program. We shall also be carrying 
awareness programs of this to promote immunization and also support the 
overall cattle health by supplementing the vaccination using some of our 
health products. We have a marketing campaign for LSD which also 
mentioned “Bhool Na Jana Tika Lagana.” The above two programs will also 
further boost our vaccine sales in the animal healthcare division. We want 
to continue working on increasing the health product segments and this 
we shall be looking at introducing value added products in emerging 
market and also focus on the individual productivity of the field. 
 
Now coming on to the capacity expansion initiative the bulk antigen which 
is the drug substance production capacity has been completed and the 
commissioning of the fill-finish which is a drug product capacity will be 
done in Q1 FY2024 doubling our overall vaccine manufacturing capacity. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
On the COVID-19 vaccine plant with the help of Department of 
Biotechnology and BIRAC under the mission called Suraksha program and 
then collaboration with Gujarat Biotechnology Research Centre we have 
constructed a BSL-III laboratory to produce the drug substance that is the 
bulk antigen for Covaxin for Bharat Biotech to supply the bulk antigen to 
them for their production of the Covaxin vaccine. We have received the 
regulatory approval in this Q4. 
 
As mentioned in the last call while getting into this project and making 
such a huge investment the thought behind it was to serve the nation and 
come and use to cater to the growing demand immunized people against 
COVID-19; however, now with the demand almost going away and thank 
God for that. We are in process of working out on other vaccines that 
could be produced here which will require to be produced in a Biosafety 
Level 3. Onto the subsidiary Hester Nepal did a turnover of Rs.12 Crores, 
this year we have introduced a few poultry vaccines due to the increased 
local demand in the poultry segment. We have also expanded our local 
distribution channel within Nepal. 
 
The PPR export saw a dip due to the lack of tender orders from FAO 
compared to last year; however, the FAO tenders will start coming in this 
year. As Hester Africa has also got licenses to produce the PPR, CBPP and 
LSD for ruminants and ND and IBD vaccines for poultry and we have 
begun the sales within Tanzania and we have now started the registration 
processes in other African countries to our joint venture called Thrishool 
Exim. We continue to penetrate further into the local Tanzanian markets. 
With this I would now hand over the call to Mr. Gandhi for his concluding 
remarks and for the Q&A. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I hope you all got synopsis on the functioning of the company and we are 
now ready to take questions from all of you. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shikhar Mundra 
from Vivog Commercial Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Sir, I wanted to understand why has there been a degrowth in the poultry 
healthcare segment and what is the outlook for the segment? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The poultry industry in India is still continuing to go through a tough phase 
and therefore a dip or a recessionary condition in the poultry industry 
which is mainly due to high input cost and low revenue for the output that 
is for the eggs and for the meat. This has been ongoing, the downturn in 
our sales has been arrested and it has again picked up in the last quarter, 
but this continues to be a characteristic or a temporary situation of the 
poultry industry in India. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
What was the overall market degrowth for the industry during the year? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
For the poultry? 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Yes. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I do not have those statistics with me at the moment, but people have 
taken less replacement flocks, less chicken to grow in their poultry farms, 
etc., but I am not right now sitting with those figures, I am sorry. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Alright. Thank you that answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria from Living 
Root Capital. Please go ahead. The current participant in the queue seems 
to have dropped from the queue. The next question is from the line of 
Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Can you talk about African subsidiary in Tanzania when is that expected to 
ramp up and how do you see the overall scope over Africa? 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Having got licenses for a few products I think either five or six we have 
already got the license and now we are gearing and we are trying to start 
our marketing in Tanzania itself first and we have started the registration 
process mainly in the nearby countries in the eastern African area as well 
as a few countries in western Africa. We hope that once the registration 
happens which takes a few months and after that we are very confident 
that we should be able to have good sales, in fact some of the vaccines we 
are the only people who produce those type of vaccines and we see a very 
good scope, very good potential. At this point we are at the stage where 
registration and all these administrative issues are going on, but probably 
say in 6 to 10 months’ time we should go ahead and by the time we get 
the registrations in a few other countries, but at the same time we will 
start selling Tanzania itself because where we have already got the 
registration. Apart from that we have also invested in trading company by 
the name of Thrishool where Hester has 50% equity through that also we 
are pushing our local sales in Tanzania. To answer your question in 
quantifiable manner sales in Tanzania will start first in around six to eight, 
nine months the sales will start to other countries. The scope and the 
potential is tremendous, it is just a matter of time the registration process, 
etc., for us to overcome that. 
Ankit Gupta: 
At our current capacity in Tanzania how much sales can we generate at 
optimum capacity utilization? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Around $25 million. 
Ankit Gupta: 
That is actually pretty high given current sales if you are able to achieve 
that will be commendable? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, but any vaccine plant anywhere in the world you cannot construct 
smaller capacity plants and then grow modularly as and when you get 
business, the capacity is derived from the freeze drying capacity that you 
have, the incubation capacity that you have etc., so whether in India, in 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Nepal, in Tanzania our capacities has been big right from the beginning 
and it is a normal issue, it is not a one-off kind situation in biological. 
Ankit Gupta: 
When we expect to reach $25 million kind of revenue that we can 
generate from our existing capacity in Tanzania and how many years we 
can ramp up? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think it should take approximately four years to five years for us to reach 
that turnover. 
Ankit Gupta: 
The margins will also be in line with our Indian operations? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes, in fact there will be better over there in terms of realization prices are 
more in Africa, but let us go at the worst case scenario in line with the 
Indian profitability. 
Ankit Gupta: 
In go through your balance sheet you have CWIP of around Rs.145 Crores, 
so one will be the COVID vaccine facility which will be there, apart from 
that anything else it is there in our CWIP? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. One is the BSL-III laboratory for manufacturing the bulk antigen for 
COVID, but now with COVID going we are trying to repurpose that facility. 
Our CFO will answer this because I just misunderstood probably. 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
In the CWIP apart from the COVID facility BSL-III we have the fill finish 
facility which is under construction which we have given in the press 
release that is getting completed in the coming quarter. 
Ankit Gupta: 
That is expected to double our vaccine capacity in India? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. In this quarter once that goes on stream when it is commissioned yes 
and it should happen in less than around 60 days’ time. 
Ankit Gupta: 
For next year also how do you see growth in poultry and animal healthcare 
divisions in domestic market? 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think one should keep in mind that we are in the agriculture sector; 
animal husbandry comes in agriculture sector. The opportunity in India to 
grow in the agriculture sector is high and within the agriculture sector the 
easiest way to double the income of farmers especially those who have 
small chicken or cows in their home to improve the productivity of those 
production animals that way their income will go up much more faster 
than while improving the production capacity of their agriculture land, so 
the scope is tremendous in terms of health products, biological and it is 
something which is going to grow in leaps and bounds. Also the 
Government of India has put a very big focus on animal husbandry, they 
are getting into immunization, eradication programs for animal diseases as 
you are aware Government of India not only India the world has taken up 
eradication of PPR in sheep and goat. So the end awareness campaigns 
are going up, so the potential as far as seems to be very big. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you Sir and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria from Living 
Root Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
I just wanted to know in the opening remarks you have mentioned that 
the poultry healthcare dependency has reduced, so at what sources could 
we assume it to go normalize or going forward? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Your voice is coming in waves, but as I understand you are looking at the 
quantum, your question is what would be the ultimate contribution for the 
poultry healthcare division, is that right? 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Going forward what percent should we assume it totally? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
From 100% we had gone down to 70% and today it is 60% and we would 
want to grow both the poultry as well as the animal health on a one-to-
one basis or maybe plus, minus 5% or 10%, 60-40, 40-60, this is what our 
desire is, but also to mention that the animal healthcare division today in 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
India has a much bigger scope because immunization programs are 
coming up and the number of vaccines required by the Government of 
India are increasing as well as I was just answering the question of the 
earlier person that the agriculture sector for it to grow in leaps and 
bounds. The income of backyard farmer has to grow in order to get good 
percentage the growth in that industry. So I think all put together I would 
not be able to give an exact figure on a ratio type, but we will try to run 
both the horses and continue to run both the horses notwithstanding the 
third horse which we have is the pet care business which is also sunrise 
industry in India at this point of time. My answer has been very subjective, 
but I am not able to give precise figures. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Could you also talk about what was the potential of pet care business in 
India? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The pet business of all companies in animal health is the biggest division 
rather than poultry and large animal. So this is all that I can say with 
increasing incomes of households in the country with the definition of 
family changing, the pet and having pets it goes up that is what history 
shows looking into the western countries, etc., and this trend is also 
coming up in India, at the moment the number of pets related to the 
population are definitely less, but this is going up at a galloping rate I think 
it is growing at around 20% on a year-on-year basis higher than the 
poultry or the animal healthcare. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Thank you so much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from 
Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Last quarter you indicated that Rs.43 Crores revenue that we did in animal 
health is sustainable, but in this quarter it has halved to Rs.21 Crores 
levels which is half on a quarter-on-quarter basis, so is this a one-off and 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Sir going forward on a quarterly basis what kind of number should we 
expect Rs.21 Crores or nearer to Rs.43 Crores per quarter? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
You are talking about quarter-on-quarter or you are talking about Q3, Q4 
or you are talking about corresponding Q4, Q4? 
Keshav Garg: 
No, I am talking about quarter-on-quarter, Q4 versus Q3. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Q4 versus Q3. What happens in immunization programs sometimes it all 
depends upon when the orders are placed by the government. Now if the 
order comes and if that has to be given at a particular time then that 
quarter sales goes up then the next quarter is a bit low, so we have to 
make sure that over a period of time we have to balance out this business 
and then we have to take it further. Even if you look at our press note 
there is an unexecuted order of PPR vaccine which is about to come. The 
PPR immunization program got a little bit delayed because the government 
was focusing on the lumpy skin disease. Now these situations come up 
suddenly in between, it definitely impact us as a seller of these vaccines, 
but that is a way it is. 
Keshav Garg: 
Basically, to foresee (inaudible) 25:24? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Good question. We ourselves are striving towards that point number one, 
okay? How do we do it? Now with the health products margins are 
relatively lower than the vaccines, so what we are trying to do is at the 
end even if the gross margins are less, but at the EBITDA level if we are 
able to increase with more cycles of the health products, etc., because the 
time to turnaround health product cycle is less than what it is for vaccine. 
So vaccines are more profitable at a gross level while in terms of turnover 
if we can do more cycles it will improve EBITDA level which will again 
improve the bottom line and even if you go to see quarter-to-quarter basis 
Q2 it was Rs.9 Crores and in this Q4 it is Rs.10 Crores, yes, it is just a 
margin 10.9, so from 10% to 11%. We are working on it and we are very 
conscious of this, be rest assured, we will restore our margins in probably 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
not in an extreme short time in a few quarters, but overall a year’s time or 
so we will get back to those margins it is amended, it is (inaudible) 
27:06 for us to ensure that our margins are again restored to that level 
and the tough part is that the earlier margins were based only on vaccine 
sales and now we are going to strive for these margins with vaccines as 
well as health product, but nonetheless having tasted blood that is the 
same thing having tasted good margins we are not going to leave it at 
that. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure Sir, also lastly in our segment revenue in the consolidated figure 
there is one other segment which is Rs.8.8 Crores revenue and Rs.3.4 
Crores PBT? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The other income is some pharmaceutical products which we have 
exported to Africa, so that did not qualify to come in these two divisions 
therefore we showed it separately. 
Keshav Garg: 
Lastly Sir, in your judgment do you think that numbers are bottomed out 
in this fourth quarter and going forward how things will pick up or more 
pain is left? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would say that optimistically looking we are seeing that things will go up 
because there are these immunization programs, etc., all these things, but 
I do not think so there is anything like bottoming out or anything of that 
even in this quarter we have shown improvement over the previous 
quarter, etc., so I think we hope to grow at a higher rate in this year than 
what we grew last year for sure as well as improving the bottom line. 
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shikhar Mundra from 
Vivog Commercial Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Shikhar Mundra: 
What is the capex coming in, what is the capacity in terms of billion doses 
of vaccine? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
From 4.8 we will go into multiple clients by two approximately 9 billion 
doses. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
So the revenue potential is roughly like around Rs.250 Crores is that right? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
You can say that at the same time we must consider. In any biological 
plant to estimate the exact production capacity is not possible. If we 
produce more vaccines of the large animal where we sell products in 100 
dose size as against in poultry we have 2000 dose size products so the 
same freeze dryer, the same number of vial, one vial will continue 100 
doses of a typical goat pox vaccine or a PPR vaccine, but in freeze drying 
poultry vaccine it will have 2000 doses. So this is an approximate figure, it 
could swing 20% plus or minus. It could even go beyond that; it could 
even go above. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Got it and will the focus be more towards the animal side or it will be a mix 
between animal and poultry? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
The focus is going to be on all three animal care, poultry healthcare and 
pet care. I would want to make it clear there is no dilution of energies or 
focus amongst any of the divisions, it is just that if there are market forces 
like what are there today in the poultry industry if that pulls us down we 
can make it up with the animal healthcare or pet care or if anything with 
the animal we can make it up with poultry, the focus continues, we had till 
now been known as a poultry vaccine company and we are very proud 
even about that fact so the focus on poultry does not even diminished by 
0.1%. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Got it and with respect to Nepal like what is the revenue potential for the 
Nepal subsidiary? 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
At full capacity we can do approximately Rs.50 Crores. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Alright and what is the outlook and how far do you see you can ramp up 
over there? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are at 20, first let us reach 40 and then we will ramp it up it will 
require six months with marginal investment to take the capacity to 
double. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
No, I meant with respect to the sales, right now we are doing Rs.12 Crores 
sales from Nepal? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
For sales we are a lot dependent on the PPR tenders of FAO, FAO has 
committed they are going to increase it because the world has taken up to 
eradicate PPR. We are waiting for tenders to come up, in fact we already 
have orders in hand of around Rs.15 Crores etc., in Nepal already we have 
various tenders, so everything is in process, but yes we are dependent on 
tender business at the same time we have started looking at the domestic 
market and we have already got a small share in the domestic market and 
we will make sure when we also now generate revenues from the 
domestic market. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
How big do you think is the domestic market of Nepal? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
For poultry vaccines it could be around Rs.20 Crores, Rs.30 Crores, for 
other species I do not have the data. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
One more thing regarding the animal healthcare segment in India how big 
is the segment? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think it is some Rs.5000 Crores to Rs.8000 Crores or something I do not 
have the figures right now. It is very big. We are just like a small drop in 
the ocean at this point of time, the potential is very high. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from 
Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Trying to understand that (inaudible) 34:09 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Right now I think we are at a highest borrowing which we have taken, but 
which will be going down only. We do not have any plans for taking any 
additional loans… 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Or debt at this point of time. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure Sir and (inaudible) 34:40? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We wish grant keep on coming every year on the lighter side, but these 
grants are related to specific projects. We had the COVID project and we 
were working on some other projects internationally, so it is something 
which will be project related, assignment related, so we will take it forward 
in that manner. 
Keshav Garg: 
What is the interest rate we are paying? 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
All borrowings together somewhere works out to be around 8%. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
8%. 
Keshav Garg: 
What I am trying to understand is that how much capex is required for all 
our ongoing projects? 
Nikhil Jhanwar: 
Currently there is no additional capex is required for the ongoing projects, 
some Rs.10 Crores to Rs.12 Crores is payable for the capital creditors for 
the existing project. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
If we embark on any additional capital which is unlikely then of course that 
is a different situation, but we are covered fully for the current expansions. 
What is the total revenue possible, so Rs.50 Crores in Nepal, $25 million to 
$30 million in Africa, Rs.200 Crores over there and over here we can do 
additional Rs.200 Crores more than what we are doing right now, Rs.600 
Crores. 
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you very much. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
All the capital is already invested for this potential. 
Keshav Garg: 
How many years with respect to this Rs.600 Crores revenue? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
We are trying our best to do it as early as possible. I think it should take 
approximately three years time for us to reach that. 
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yogesh Tiwari from 
Arihant Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
In the poultry division in Q3 other revenues was about Rs.32 Crores just 
increased to about Rs.36 Crores, so what is your thinking in Q4, what is 
driving the recovery in poultry? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, it is the industry which is there and some disease incidences, etc., and 
probably now the poultry industry has reached such an abysmal low level 
that the only thing that can happen to it is improvement from here on and 
another thing is that earlier we were selling more of vaccine now we also 
have a focus on health products, so our range has also gone up with the 
same marketing team we have more products to reach up to the client, 
the poultry farmer, the poultry institute, the poultry egg or the meat 
producer. So it is a combination of all these things. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
What would be the bifurcation between vaccine and healthcare in poultry 
out of this 8% decline? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis I think the vaccine degrew by 15% and the 
health product increased by 60%. Please keep in mind that the poultry 
base is high, we are the second largest in poultry in India while health 
products we are at a very low level, so the multi-client factor in itself is 
very small, so that also do keep in mind. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Sure Sir and finally on the poultry division because of the challenges in the 
division are you seeing any consolidation happening wherein some players 
have exited the market or may be the organized sector? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, I do not see any structural change at this point of time. The number of 
integrators remains the same, the poultry producers remain the same. We 
do not see any structural change, in fact structural changes are actually 
now to be seen in the cattle rearing industry for milk because there is 
some consolidation that is happening, awareness that is happening, 
scientific tools that are being used, etc. 
Yogesh Tiwari: 
Thank you Sir. It is very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you Sir! 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Thank you all. Just as already well summarized by Priya and you would 
have read in the press note sales have been good, profits have come down 
a little bit, but there is a lot of potential all across in Hester India, Hester 
Nepal and Hester Africa notwithstanding the health product business which 
is growing as well as the pet business. Please continue to have your faith 
and confidence in us and trust me we are here to make sure that we 
become one of the best animal companies in the world. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
17 May 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
