Date: August 03, 2023 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: FIVESTAR 
BSE Limited  
Listing department,  
First floor, PJ Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip code: 543663  
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2023 
Dear Sir/ Madam  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 
Saturday, July 29, 2023 
The transcript can also be accessed from the link: https://fivestargroup.in/investors/ 
Kindly take the above on record. 
For Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
Shalini Baskaran 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
BASKAR
AN 
SHALINI
Digitally signed 
by BASKARAN 
SHALINI 
Date: 2023.08.03 
16:29:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Five Star Business Finance Limited  
Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 29, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. LAKSHMIPATHY DEENADAYALAN – CHAIRMAN 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – FIVE STAR BUSINESS 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RANGARAJAN KRISHNAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FIVE STAR BUSINESS FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. SRIKANTH GOPALAKRISHNAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – FIVE STAR BUSINESS FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Five 
Star Business Finance Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bhuva.  
Renish Bhuva: 
Thank you, Michelle. Hi, good evening everyone and welcome to Five Star Business Finance 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Call. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to thank Five Star 
Management Team for giving us the opportunity to host this call. Today we have with us the 
entire top management team of Five Star represented by Mr. Lakshmipathy, Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Rangarajan, CEO and Mr. Shrikanth, CFO. I will now hand over the 
call to Mr. Lakshmipathy for opening remarks and then we'll open the floor for Q&A. Over to 
you, sir. 
L. Deenadayalan: 
Yes, thank you, Renish. Good afternoon, everyone. I invite you to this Q1 earning call. This is 
the fourth earning call that Five Star is taking up with the participants. I think we have come 
across one full year. So four performance of Five Star that you people have seen. So it's a clear 
understanding that what we say and what we do correlates a lot. With this note, let me open up 
the outlook what happened in Q1. Generally for lenders, June quarter is a bit muted comparing 
to the March. I think for Five Star, the June quarter is a trend setter to see how this financial year 
will be looking like. 
Starting from our AUM growth, we have moved our AUM from 5,296 crores last year to 7,583 
crores, registering a growth of 43% year on year. And most importantly, quarter on quarter, we 
moved from 6,915 crores to 7,583 crores, registering a double digit growth of 10%, close to 
10%. That has come from, we have opened a good amount of branch. Last full year, we have 
opened 75 branches. And for the first quarter, April to June, we have opened 13 branches. As 
we always say, one of the growth levers is starting new branches at existing and the new 
locations, new states. 
This has improved our disbursement and our disbursements have moved from 568 crores to 
1,132 crores, nearly 99% growth from year on year. And from quarter on quarter, we have moved 
2% higher than the March disbursement. This has happened after COVID. This is the first time 
that June disbursement, June quarter disbursement has crossed March quarter disbursement. And 
moving to the collection part, I think collections part also 5 Star has done very well in Q1 of this 
financial year. 
Our collection efficiency as given in our presentation, we have done one of the best collection 
efficiency. And what we call D1C1, that is collecting an EMI from all live customers, has also 
been very good, comparing to March, equal to March. What this has resulted is, we have made 
one of the best current customers. 
Our current bucket has moved to all time high of 85%. Pre-COVID, our all time high was 82% 
of current and 18% of arrear customers. That has now moved to 85% of current. And for the first 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
time ever, our 30 plus metric has dropped down to single digit. It has dropped down to 
9.68%.This is the first of its kind in Five Star. So, this shows the strong momentum what Five 
Star has demonstrated even in collections. If you see across every bucket, be the current or stage 
1 or stage 2, we have improved in all buckets. What this has resulted is one of the best asset 
quality, our 90 plus has moved a bit from 1.04% last quarter to 1.08%. This is just a blip of this 
being the June quarter. And the technical NPA, what I said in last call also, the new RBI circular 
which kicked on, that NPA number has moved on from 1.36% to 1.41%, increase of five bps. 
So the 90 plus and NPA, technical NPA, mostly remains the same compared with March quarter. 
The difference between 90 plus and NPA, which is 0.33%, which comes out to INR25 crores of 
assets, which is lesser than 90 DPD, is being declared as a NPA due to the new circular which 
got kicked in. This business and collection has resulted in one of the best profits for Five Star. 
Our PAT, Profit after tax for this quarter has moved from INR139 crores in last year to INR184 
crores this year, registering a 32%. 
And from last quarter, it moved from INR169 crores to INR184 crores, registering a Q-on-Q of 
9%. And from a borrowing cost also, I'm happy to say that our cost on book keeps reducing. 
Even this quarter, it has reduced from 9.87% to 9.80%. And our incremental borrowing cost 
remains at 9.18%, which is one of the attractive borrowing costs for the size of the company. 
And finally, on the provision, we have maintained or increased a bit of provision of ECL, which 
has moved from 1.61% last quarter to 1.64% this quarter. 
So all in all, all the cylinders of business, collections and profitability and quality has been as 
good for this first quarter of this financial year. We are very optimistic and a very strong hope 
that this will continue for the next three quarters. Keeping this in mind, we are revising our 
growth guidance from 30% to 35%. With this, let me conclude my opening remarks and hand it 
over to my team. I think I'll start with Srikanth to take you through more on the numbers.  
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan:  Thank you. So, good evening to all of you. A lot of the numbers have already been stated, so I'll 
just briefly touch upon financial metrics and then maybe open up for queries and questions from 
your side. Our yields continue to be stable around 24.4%. You'll always see a 10-15 basis points 
drop this way,  that way on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Like Mr. Pathy said, our cost came in at 
9.8%, so that's a very healthy spread of 14.6% as compared to a 13.6% spread for Q1 of last 
financial year. 
The NIMs was at about 17.74% primarily you know coming on account of the lower funding 
costs as compared to closer to 17% for Q1 of FY23. All this is actually resulted in a healthy 
ROA of about 8.41% for the current quarter and an ROE of 16.62%. The ROE has actually gone 
up by about 184 basis points year on year and about 50 basis points quarter on quarter. We 
continue to keep a very well diversified borrowing profile. We have about 50 lenders who have 
lent to us. 
Even during the first quarter, which typically tends to be muted from a borrowing perspective 
as well. We got sanctions of about INR890 crores out of which we availed INR730 crores of 
fresh borrowing. This has come in at an interest rate of 9.18%, even assuming the all-in cost 
including the other fees and other ancillary charges, the number is 9.5%. This compares against 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
9.53% of last in Q4 that we raised. So the interest rates increase in the market has not impacted 
us yet.  
There is a possibility that there will be some small revisions in the MCLR that will come through 
because most of our sanctions are based on one year or six-month MCLR. So we may see some 
uptick coming on the book cost, but we are confident that the incremental cost will be at around 
9.5 or maybe lower, which will sort of offset the increase that may come in on account of the 
MCLR increases. 
We have a very good liquidity on the balance sheet. We have about INR1,400 crores, inclusive 
of the INR160 crores of undrawn sanctions that we have taken. During this quarter, CARE also 
has upgraded our rating to AA-. So today we have AA- from all three agencies. The profitability 
continues to be robust. So we had a 32% year-on-year increase in the profitability and a 9% on 
a sequential basis. So we ended the first quarter with about INR184 crores of profitability. 
On the PCR side, again both on the overall AUM, we are maintaining a 1.64%, which is one of 
the highest for a secured lender. And on the Stage 3 assets, we are maintaining a PCR of 44%. 
This has come down slightly, but then last quarter itself we had sort of guided you that it was a 
slight increase in the last quarter. We would like to maintain this around the 40% levels. We are 
at 44%. Our restructured book is performing well. As a percentage of the overall book, it has 
actually come down to 0.76%. And even on that, we are maintaining a PCR of about 50%. 
And again, about 90% of this restructured book is in the standard category. This is after 
repayment behavior of seven quarters. So on the whole, I think we have had our growth 
momentum back. Collections have stacked up extremely well. This is reflecting in the 
profitability. So with all of these three metrics, the growth, profitability, and quality remaining 
robust, we are poised to take advantage of the large opportunity available in this segment. On 
that note, happy to take any questions that any of you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Ajit Kumar from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Ajit Kumar: 
So my first question is on the yield side. You were planning to reduce the yield from current 24 
to 23 or 22 as the cost of funds goes down. Just wanted to check a status on that. That is my first 
question. 
Management: 
See, I think we have not yet finalized that because you all know that we all think strongly that 
rate hike cycle is stopped. But we just wanted to see the first symptom from Reserve Bank, how 
the stance is been taken. Then we will take up a call appropriately. Yes, what we said holds 
good. 
Ajit Kumar: 
So I was asking, investment on your balance sheet is up sharply from INR144 crores in last 
quarter to INR355 crores in this quarter. So again, just wanted to check what has happened there? 
Management: 
So, I think there is nothing here. The way to look at this is, you will have to add the cash and 
cash equivalents, bank balances and the investments, that has actually gone down to about 
INR1,600 crores as of last quarter to about INR1,400 crores. So it's a strategy that we use if we 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
are able to get a good rate on the fixed deposits, we would prefer placing it there and typically 
March quarter is when banks also are interested in you know more of fixed deposits. So there 
was good returns on that. With the yields going down, the markets are also good now, so mutual 
funds are earning closer to FD returns. So that is where we have put some money’s in the 
investment. So the way to look at it is the combination of cash, bank balances, and investments, 
rather than looking at a standalone number. Ajit, does this answer your question? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, the participants have left the queue, we'll move on to the next question which is from 
the line of Mahruk Adajania from Nuvama, please go ahead. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
Yes, hello, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. I just had a few questions. Firstly, if 
you could explain what happened to opex, why that was down and what is the outlook ahead on 
opex? 
Management: 
So, Mahruk, if you're looking at sequential quarters, this is something that we had highlighted 
even in the last quarter. In terms of the opex, the last quarter had a one-timer in terms of the 
corporate social responsibility expenses of about INR9 crores, INR10 crores, which is not 
coming in the current quarter. So that is where you are seeing a slight reduction in the opex of 
the current quarter and typically there were other costs that we had taken in the last quarter in 
terms of provisions for certain conference related expenses and all which are not there in the in 
the first quarter. 
So there were one or two one-timers that were there in Q4, other than that, it's business as usual. 
Our guidance that we typically try and give you is from a cost to income perspective. While last 
quarter was at about 38%, it's dropped to about 36.6% in the current quarter. We expect this 
number to be around 35% to 37% even in a stable state scenario. 
Mahruk Adajania: 
Got it. And my other question is that if rates were to fall and then you're going to pass on, you're 
going to pass it on to borrowers when rates are cut. So if rates were to fall, how would your 
margins behave? When will your margins, I mean, they've remained pretty stable, they've 
expanded. So do you see a drop or it'll stay above the guided range for a very long time? 
Management: 
We will stay above the guided range for a foreseeable future. I won't say very long time because 
even if you have to drop the rates, it will only happen on the incremental book and the existing 
book, continues to, the existing book will continue to keep yielding at 24%. So it's not going to 
have a very quick impact in terms of the spreads coming down. 
But over a medium to long term, I think currently the spreads are more like about 14.6%. We 
would like this number to normalize maybe by about 100, 125 basis points, but that's going to 
take a medium term at least. It's not going to happen in the short term. And consequently, you 
will also see shrinkage in the margins, which is currently at about 17.5%. 
Our guidance has always been that with leverage kicking in, this number will automatically go 
down. And with us getting the spreads down, you should probably see again over a medium to 
long term this number compressing by about 200 to 225 basis points. 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Mahruk Adajania: 
Got it. And just in terms of cost of funds, average versus marginal, would you say, I know there 
is a gap, but would you still say that average costs have bottomed now or I mean, there can still 
be further decline? 
Management: 
Nothing major, you can see some decline. Like I said, the book cost is 9.80 while we are 
onboarding incremental borrowings at around 9.50. So there is a gap there. So you can see some 
benefit, but it will also be offset to some extent by the MCLR increases that may happen, 
whatever MCLRs have gone up like I said given that we are on the six months to one year MCLR 
these have not still impacted us so those may come down. So I don't think you will see any 
significant benefit coming through in the next few quarters. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. So you mentioned 
that the current book is probably at an all time high, even compared to obviously pre-COVID 
numbers. What would you attribute this to and how do you expect these numbers to move? 
Obviously one would want them to improve further, but some changes that you would have 
implemented and hence the outcome. Some insights would be helpful? 
Management: 
I understood the question. Let me repeat my answer. See I think our current level of 85% of 
current has moved from a substantial number from COVID-2, because we all know COVID-2 
got a hit from a retail customer's perspective. The strategy what we have put in place has really 
worked out and that has moved the numbers from earlier lesser numbers to 85% of customers in 
current today. This will continue and I foresee this 85% will move closer to 88% to 89% by 
March 2024, this financial year March. 
And ideally I want it to be around 90% of customers in current and 10% of customers can be in 
delinquent. I was just saying that please remember that the type of customers whom we lend, 
these are customers who have a little vulnerable cash flows and seasonal incomes. So definitely 
there will be some delinquencies. If we are able to maintain at 90 is to 10, I think it's a great 
number to have for. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Yes, absolutely. Secondly, on the ticket sizes, obviously the Y-o-Y number kind of looks more 
than a 10% growth, but how does one look at from a three to five year perspective? 
Management: 
Sameer, as we have been guided in last calls, pre-COVID our ticket size was 3.5 lakhs, which 
dropped down to 2.5 lakhs in COVID-19 due to our conservative approach. That is getting 
bounced back. Now we have come to around 3.35 lakh per customer and taking in next three 
years, this will have the inflation number added to it. 
So we don't intend to move our ticket size significantly from 3 lakhs to 2x or 3x from here, but 
definitely the inflation number will be added to it. Maybe in around 3 years down the line, we'll 
be close to 4.5 lakhs to 5 lakhs. That will be the average ticket size. Without moving our profile 
of customers, we'll be dealing with the same profile of customers adding the inflation number to 
the average ticket size. 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Padhi from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Padhi: 
Yes, hi, sir, great set of numbers. I just had one question on the provisions front. You wanted to 
know that the current provisions are what we should look for going forward like the credit cost 
or do we expect it to go down or was there a one time thing for the Q1? 
Management: 
See, I think the last year in total if you look at credit cost, and I'm not talking about the provisions 
on any specific early DPD loans or the delinquent loans, the credit cost is starting to come in 
because like we updated even in the last call, there was a significant amount of provisions that 
we had taken, especially during the first and second waves of COVID. And last year was the 
first year when we -- when given our lower PDs and lower LGDs, the ECL was coming in lower. 
But having said that, we are also consciously trying to take that number to something that can 
sort of stay. 
So the guidance that we generally give you on the credit cost at around 75, 100 or a little over 
about that 100 basis points is something that you should keep in. From a staging perspective, we 
are also trying to see if we can get the Stage 1 provisions around the RBI stipulated levels of 
about 40 basis points. But that number is probably, you will see a 5 basis points movement 
quarterly, depending on how the PDs and LGD stack up. 
On Stage 2, I think 8% to 9% is our provision coverage that we are envisaging, and Stage 3, like 
we said, about 40% to 45%. So that's broadly the number that you should build in. There will 
also be some technical write-offs that we will take on a quarterly basis. I think all of these things 
should give you, closer to about 75 basis points to 100 basis points of credit cost on a quarterly 
basis going forward.  
Aditya Padhi: 
Got it, sir. Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Arvind Das from Sundaram Alternates. 
Please go ahead. 
Arvind Das: 
Hello. Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on the great set of numbers. 
I just had one question. So NIMs had contracted quarter-on-quarter, I would sound, 77 bps, even 
though like a portfolio yield has been stable and cost of borrowings on the book has come down. 
I’m just trying to understand why is that? 
Management: 
See, it is purely because of the leverage. You know, earlier, a lot of the funding came through 
from equity, but today, we are levering the balance sheet. And when you lever the balance sheet, 
you will see the NIMs going down, you will see ROA is going down but that will have a positive 
impact on the ROEs. So like we said, NIMs will certainly go down as the leverage in the book 
increases but I would say, we're still in a very-very attractive territory as far as NIM is concerned 
but you will definitely see NIM compressions coming through in the future quarters as well.  
Arvind Das: 
Okay sir, I ask this question also because we also had consumed liquidity when compared to the 
last quarter. So, I thought like even though that hasn't had a cushioning impact on NIM. So that's 
why I asked that question. 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Management: 
The liquidity comes from debt right? So which has a cost and that will pull down the NIM. 
Arvind Das: 
Yes, okay. Yes, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Kumar, an individual investor, please 
go ahead. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Yes, hi, congratulations on a great set of numbers. The current quarter numbers are exactly in 
line with the revised guidance of 35% CAGR growth for the next two years to three years. So 
really happy to see this kind of numbers. Sir, my first question is on our branch expansion into 
northern states. So basically we are a secured lender so the same kind of business model will be 
continued in the northern states where we are going to open a new branch rapidly in the next 
two years to three years? That's my first question, sir. 
Management: 
Yes there is no change in the business model as we are moving from South to rest of India. It is 
a very similar business model with the same means and similar set of customers. We still believe 
there is a large opportunity for the category of customers that we are serving. So we are not 
diluting on anything, whether it is sourcing, underwriting or collections. It's the exact same 
business model that we would like to replicate there. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Okay, so even in terms of the securitization as well, I mean the self-occupied residence as well.  
Management: 
Yes, absolutely, self-occupied residential, ticket size, nature of customers, tenure, everything is 
going to be very similar. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Okay, thanks, that's helpful. And my second question is basically, of course, if you see the 
evolution of the Five Star, right now we have reached a stage where our policies, procedures, 
and the process, and all the fundamentals of the business are exactly in line with the matured 
business or something. So bearing this in mind, do we have any future plans catering into the 
new business lines of the products? Maybe just as an example, like microfinance lending or 
maybe any kind of unsecured lending or something like that? 
Management: 
Ashok, let me be very clear. As I've been saying in last few calls, Five Star is lending to the 
small shopkeepers and self-employeds who have been in millions in our country. So our first 
work is to go and capture that market, which has been predominantly captured by the 
moneylenders market. I think, we have a lot to do in the existing business and we are extremely 
doing very well. 
As answered in the last question also, today we are a predominant South-based player having 
close to 90%-plus of our disbursement and AUMs come from South. I think, we want to slowly 
do it in the rest of the country. That is the intent. So you will see a lot of activities happening in 
the other states apart from South. So we have a lot to do in the same business model and we are 
doing extremely very well, both from a growth perspective, quality perspective. 
I think we have revised our guidance from 30% to 35%, keeping this business model in mind, 
not getting into any different product at this point of time. So, let's be very clear. So, we want to 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
be a very specialist, one of the leading lenders to the un-lent segment of this country. That's 
where Five Star wants to be. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Excellent. This is really helpful. So just a clarification. So the revised guidance will be 35% 
CAGR growth from the next three years in terms of the AUM and the profitability or did I 
misunderstood it? 
Management: 
So what I said is for next three years AUM, I think profitability will also be in line. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Okay so that's a 35% CAGR, that's what we are aiming for. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Ashok Kumar: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kodak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So just clarifying, we have seen around 9% quarter-on-
quarter loan growth, 10% quarter-on-quarter loan growth, and that has translated into a 100 basis 
points sort of a reduction in margins. Is that the only reason or is there anything else? I 
understand the, I mean, obviously in the sense that -- within what they are. 
Management: 
Nischint, I'm not able to get. What, a 100% you're talking about? A 100, which? 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Yes, sorry, your margins are down by almost a 100 basis points. So my point was that, is this 
purely because of leverage? Because, your loan book is up 9.5% quarter-on-quarter. 
Management: 
Nischint, it's purely because of leverage, nothing else. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And with that, taking this forward and your new growth guidance, would you have any views 
when do you probably need to raise capital? 
Management: 
I think, Nischint, we are very long, long way away from raising our capital. I think, as we said 
in last call, our goal is now to increase the return on equity to the shareholders. As you see from 
the numbers from last quarter, we have moved from 16.10 to 16.62. And from last year, we 
moved from 14.78 to 16.62. I think the trajectory is very clear, our logic is very clear and I think 
way forward, we have to increase the return on equity that can come as we increase our leverage. 
And the capital adequacy in which Five Star enjoys today, it means for next five years to seven 
years, we may not think of raising any capital. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No, sorry, what I wanted to actually check was, would you want to call out a target peak leverage 
ratio? 
Management: 
Nischint, this is again something that we have been, sort of guiding. We would like to operate 
at a peak leverage ratio, and I'm talking about leverage, which is total assets to equity, at around 
4.5x to 5x levels, which means debt equity of about 3.5 to 4. But again, given the internal 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
accruals that we'll continue to keep doing, this is a number that's quite far off is our belief. 
Definitely not going to happen in the next three years to four years, but thereafter, depending on 
the growth and the profitability, but we would like to operate at this level because even lenders 
rating agencies are comfortable at this level rather than going all the way up to 6, 7, 8. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Perfect, that's helpful. Just one question a little qualitative is, are you seeing more competition 
at the ground, either in terms of, with your customers or for your employees? 
Management: 
Yes, Nischint, yes, competition is always there. There is no lending product without competition, 
but comparing to other products, I will say, the competition is lesser because people find it very 
difficult to crack what Five Star has cracked for the last 20 years because this is a customer 
where you don't have the credit history or a credit document to underwrite. We have to do it in 
a touch and feel model and over a period of time, you will only master it. 
So I don't see there is much competition getting into secured loans. I don't know about unsecured 
loans because that is the talk of the town. Maybe the unsecured loans part may be a little heated 
up. From a secured perspective, around that INR3 lakh to INR5 lakh ticket size where Five Star 
is sweetly positioned, there are only a handful of players and within that, Five Star scores well, 
both from growth perspective, quality and profitability perspective. So I don't see any big threat 
coming from competition. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Perfect. Thank you. That answers my question. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaiprakash Toshniwal from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Jaiprakash Toshniwal: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you for the results. Sir, a few questions. Just going back 
on the provisioning cost question, we had a 500 basis fund reduction in ECL provision for Stage 
3. Does it relate to any change in policy or is it a normal cost of business? 
Management: 
So there is no change Jaiprakash. The policy remains the same. It is just on the Stage 3 assets if 
you look at, we create higher provisions on deep delinquent accounts, and also certain overlays. 
So some of the deep delinquent accounts have come off, have settled. So we create 100% 
provision on let us say, on a loan which is more than a certain DPD. 
Now if that loan settles, then automatically the numbers will come down, right? So you will 
always, while 5% looks high when you say the number, on a overall book of about 1.5% or 1.4% 
if you are talking about that number is fairly small and because the book is also small even few 
settlements could have a mismatch, could have a -- could make us skew this way or that way. 
That is why, we typically guide around 40% to 45% because we cannot exactly say that the 
number will go around wherever but I think we will try and maintain 40% definitely for the 
foreseeable future. 
Jaiprakash Toshniwal: 
Okay. And sir, while in the presentation you mentioned about your IT progress policy I 
remember earlier you're talking about by Q2 you would be there on the LOS and all. So what is 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
the timeline right now for reaching the milestone of LOS and other IT infrastructure build-up 
which you are doing? 
Management: 
So Mr. Jaiprakash, we have gone live with the new LOS which is  Salesforce. We are doing a 
gradual roll-up plan. So as we speak at the end of Q1, we have 103 branches which have gone 
live with the Salesforce. The idea is that this will be at least up by, close to 200 branches by Q2, 
and we'll be fully live with Salesforce by the end of Q3. So that's the current rollout plan. In 
addition to that, we have also gone live with our new HRMS, which is Darwin Box platform. 
We have gone live with that and we have completely moved over to cloud, which is an AWS 
migration from our existing private servers that we were holding. 
The other key initiative from an IT perspective is also that we have moved to Oracle Fusion GL 
completely, which is obviously much more scalable and robust platform as far as GL is 
concerned. So these are the big initiatives that have happened in IT specifically during Q1. 
Jaiprakash Toshniwal: 
Okay. And the last question on the cluster strategy illustration which were mentioned in the 
presentation. Does it mean that our branch peak account handling capacity somewhere around 
1,800 accounts to 2,000 accounts and AUM of somewhere around INR30 crores to INR50 
crores? 
Management: 
Yes, so I wouldn't call it as the peak capacity, but I think from a prudence perspective and from 
a risk management perspective, we will always want to make sure that when a branch crosses 
that level, we are sort of diversifying, because when a branch reaches about close to 2,000 
accounts, it very clearly indicates that there is strong potential in the market. So why do you 
need to concentrate everything in a single branch? So our idea has always been that open a 
cluster of branches around that, and we will distribute accounts accordingly. So that's the strategy 
that we have explained through two live examples, one in AP and one in TN. 
Jaiprakash Toshniwal: 
Okay. Perfect. And sir last question on the collection infrastructure, while I remember we were 
building up a team in TN and one other one of the geography, if you can speak about that point, 
that's it. So that's a question. Thank you. 
Management: 
So on the collections infrastructure, I think we had gone out with the vertical structure both in 
Tamil Nadu and Telangana. So it's an evolving model because as the company's current bucket 
is improving, we are constantly evaluating the fact that we probably don't need the same level 
of collection infrastructure and a little bit of people can always move back from collections back 
to the business because that helps us achieve incremental growth without additional headcount. 
So, this is something that we are constantly evaluating and wherever possible in whichever 
regions this is something that we will keep moving. So, you can see that the buckets have 
improved and this is something that we have done in a few regions already in Telangana as far 
as Q1 is concerned.  
Jaiprakash Toshniwal: 
Okay. Great sir. Thanks I will call back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead.  

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Yes. Just two questions here. One, was on write-offs, what would be the technical write-offs for 
this quarter versus same quarter last year? And second one would be on this, what would be the 
share of top five, since we have spread across 50 borrowing partners, what would be the share 
of the top five?  
Management: 
So, Pallavi, I think the write-off this quarter was at about INR1.85 crores. Just give me a second, 
I'll give you the number for last quarter as well. So, this is the write-off that we did for this June 
quarter. Last quarter, we had actually a written off about INR4.6 crores. So, it's lesser, but don’t 
do this comparison. It also -- what we will typically say is about 25 basis points of our book gets 
written-off in a particular financial year, 25 to 30 basis points.  
The quarterly dispersion of that could be a little different depending on how some of the numbers 
stack up because these are more technical write-offs and not permanent write-offs. But Yes, the 
number is INR2 crores as compared to INR4.5 crores, INR2 crores this quarter year-on-year, 
INR4.5 crores for the same quarter last year.  
In terms of the borrowing mix, I think that is again that we had given in the presentation itself. 
We have about 66% of our borrowings in the form of bank term loans, about 21% through 
securitization transactions. These are the two major structures that we have borrowed in.  
On the capital market side, we have done about 6% which are NCDs, and we have done about 
5% term loans from other institutions, could be NBFCs and all and 2% is ECBs. Given that, 
there is a good amount of interest from the bank side, and for institutions to do securitization 
transactions, those will be the focus areas for this financial year. We will continue to keep 
tapping the capital markets for NCDs. The only problem in raising money for us through NCDs 
is typically NCDs, especially from MFs, come with a shorter tenure of about 24 months to 30 
months, while we typically prefer at least 36 months to 48 months.  
So, there could be some bit of a tenure mismatch, which is where we keep ourselves low, but we 
will continue to keep evaluating this. If you look at our top five lenders, I think we have some 
of the largest names on that. We have State Bank of India as our largest lender. We have Kotak, 
which has a very significant exposure. We have Bank of Maharashtra, who have lent big monies 
to us. And we have IndusInd Bank, who will be one among the top five and probably Axis Bank 
will be the other -- Axis and HDFC Bank will be the other lenders will be in the top 5 lenders to 
10 lenders to the company.  
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Right, and my question was in the term loans from the banks only, what would be the share of 
the top five banks in that? 
Management: 
Out of this 66% you will probably see about 40% coming in from the top five, maybe not 40% 
I would say about 35%. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Okay and so what would be the tenure for the term loans from the banks?  
Management: 
These are long tenure. So, especially on the PSU side, we have even started getting loans which 
are 7 year tenures. But in private sector give us for 4 years to 5 years. So, on an average, the 
origination tenure on term loans from banks will be anywhere around 5.5 years to 6 years. 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
And sir one last just curious -- we do not have a rating from CRISIL, a long-term rating, any 
particular reason for that?  
Management: 
Nothing particular these are the -- these are the rating agencies who have been associated with 
the company for I would say, for at least about 6 years, 7 years. So, CARE and ICRA have been 
rating the company at least since 2015, 2016, so we have gone ahead with them. Recently, we 
have done with India ratings. I think CRISIL will definitely come at some point of time.  
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Franklin Moraes from Equentis Wealth 
Advisory. Please go ahead.  
Franklin Moraes: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, I wanted to 
understand in the newer regions that you are entering, who would be your competition and what 
would be the break-even period?  
Management: 
So, Franklin, I think we expect the break-even period to be a little longer. In South, we typically 
break-even in about 6 months. But I think given that for the first two years, generally we don't 
go with a very specific target for a branch and in the rest of India we will want to be definitely 
be more careful than what we are doing in South. So, the break-even period will be a little longer. 
We expect it to be close to probably 9 months, 10 months.  
On the competition front, it is small finance banks to an extent, regional players who are there 
in particular states. Actually, majority regional players who are there in particular states. There 
are very few Pan India players who are also having a very similar focus like us.  
Franklin Moraes: 
And on your AUM growth upgrade from 30% to 35% in this quarter. So, what would be a 
specific maybe a couple of reasons that would have led us to this upgrade?  
Management: 
We are saying that since COVID-2 including COVID-1 and 2, our growth was around 15%. 
COVID-1 we grew at 14%, 15% and COVID-2 also we grew at 14%. So, we started to move 
our growth once we saw the COVID's all got settled and collections are back in full action 
because we give more importance to collections rather than growth. So, we saw from December 
2021 onwards, the collections coming in pre-COVID level. So, then the growth started to focus. 
So, that is how we gave a guidance of 30% from 15% growth what we saw. And last year we 
grew at 36%, which was very encouraging from our guidance. But what we saw in September, 
December, and March of last financial year, that business momentum is continuing same in June, 
as well as in July month too.  
So, that is where the revised guidance was being put in place. So, growing at 10% Q-o-Q and 
seeing the momentum for next three quarters very strongly in the existing and the newer 
geographies. So, we think we can easily grow at 35%. So, the execution back on Five Star and 
the strong momentum that what we are seeing in disbursement and the opportunity that it is a 
long, long runway that we have, all put together has made our guidance to move from 30% to 
35%.  

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Franklin Moraes: 
Okay, great, great. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pooja Ahuja from Monarch Networth. Please 
go ahead.  
Pooja Ahuja: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the quarter. Firstly, wanted to 
understand what has led to a sharp drop in our capital adequacy Q-o-Q?  
Management: 
So, two things Pooja. One, is obviously the growth in the book. The second is like I said, the 
mutual fund investments that we have -- that we kept as of June, that is risk weighted at 100%, 
the fixed deposits are not risk weighted at 100% so it's a -- that is what has caused the drop, but 
given our very high capital adequacy we are happy keeping it in an asset that gives us a little 
better yields as compared to the FDs.  
Pooja Ahuja: 
Sure, sure understood and secondly on the growth I wanted to understand while you've guided 
for 35%, we've given a 40%-plus growth, what are the levels that we would be comfortable with 
and what would be our early warning signal in terms of this is where we would cap even though 
we would find opportunities of growth higher than 35%?  
Management: 
Yes, 35% we don't see any warning signal to emerge from because pre-COVID we were growing 
at 90% year-on-year. So, that growth already, we have seen it, but the growth got dropped in 
COVID-1 and 2 on a conscious reason. The growth is back in Five Star. So, we are moving from 
30% to 35% guidance. This guidance can even be revised as we see continuous momentum and 
strong disbursement across the geographies where we are strongly present and entering into the 
new geographies that those confidence we may also revise.  
See, as long as, I keep saying, as long as your collections and quality remains robust with lesser 
competition in this product, we will not see any warning signal apart from this. So, our 
collections always on top priority, the quality of asset will be the first warning signal. I think we 
have been maintaining this quality of asset for the last 20 years and the competition as I said in 
earlier question is far and few comparing to the other lending products. So, I don't see any hurdle 
in growing at 35% year-on-year growth for next three years. That's our positive outlook.  
Pooja Ahuja: 
So, my question was more from the point of view of while we can be comfortably growing at 
35%, if there are levers to grow further, what is the kind of cap that we would put, let's say at 
maybe 40% or is this 35% level that we would be comfortable with on a more sustainable basis? 
Management: 
Yes, 35% is the guidance but you know I think a little bit this side, that side is okay. But I don't 
think we will go with a particular number in mind that this is something that we have to achieve. 
So depending on market opportunities, we can be a little more agile. But like Mr. Pathy put it, 
the signal for us is on the asset quality. 
Pooja Ahuja: 
Okay, understood. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Agam from Raj Trading. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Agam: 
Yes, Sir, congrats on a good set of numbers. So I have a quick question. In the commentary you 
mentioned that for this quarter I think you have provided around more than 1.5 bps of credit 
cost. You have guided for around 1% credit cost. So is this for this quarter and maybe for next, 
remaining three quarters, will you come down to on a year-on-year basis, the credit cost will be 
in the guided range? 
Management: 
No, Agam, for this quarter, the credit cost came in at 70 basis points, not 1.5%. The gross NPA 
was at 1.41%. 
Agam: 
Okay. And typically in your presentation, the 40th slide, we have shown the 30-plus DPD, which 
has consistently moving every quarter-on-quarter and monthly, so it is around currently it is a 
9% so where do you see this number settling in or what is a healthy number to look at this?  
Management: 
Yes, sorry, Agam, we missed your question. Can you repeat it? 
Agam: 
Yes, in your presentation on the slide number 40, you have given a data point on 30-plus DPD 
in percentage, which has been declining every quarterly. So where can this number settle at or 
any number which you aspire to be in? This is a 9.68 current this quarter. 
Management: 
No, like we mentioned, obviously, the impact of the second wave of COVID did push up this 
number and we have been consciously taking efforts to bring this number down, which is why 
you are seeing it coming down all the way from about 15.7% to 9.7% as we speak. When the 
current bucket moves up to 90%, and you are looking at 30-plus numbers, you will also see 
something in the one day to 30 day bucket. So when we get to a current of 89% to 90% and a 
number, we will probably have a 30-plus number which will be more like 5%, 6% levels. That 
is where it will stabilize. 
But from here onwards, the drop also will be more gradual as what you saw in the last, between 
June and December. So June and December you would have probably seen about 3.5% drop. I 
don't think, but you know, even compared to last quarter, it's only a 70 basis points drop. So you 
will start seeing the drop becoming a lot more gradual, and hopefully over the next four quarters 
to six quarters, this number should settle around 5%, 6% or thereabouts. 
Agam: 
Correct. And one more last question. On the concentration side, how deeply penetrated in terms 
of your top states we are, so the incremental growth will be from the other states, or yet there is 
enough district level penetration to go in your core states itself? 
Management: 
So clearly, Agam, the core states is what is going to be the primary growth driver for the next 
three years to five years. We have guided that for all the new branch openings totally almost 
80% of the new branches will come in from the core states of South states itself because that is 
our stronghold, that is the areas where we have very significant experience and we have built a 
very good team. So this is the guidance that we had given. The core states will continue to grow.  
The newer states like we had guided earlier, it's more for us to understand these markets, but it's 
not for immediate AUM growth. But the fact that we will be wetting our feet in the new states 
and gaining practical exposure there will help us for growth beyond the three years to five years 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
from now. So if you look at from short to medium term, the primary growth regions will be from 
the south. 
Agam: 
So you don't see any market topping out in any of the core states? There is yet huge opportunity 
in the core states itself? 
Management: 
Yes. We still believe we are very early stage and multiple opportunities to penetrate far deeper.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Rathi from Centrum PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Rathi: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Sir, the first question on the growth, raise of the growth guidance 
from 30% to 35 percentage, I wanted to understand what would be driving this growth. Will it 
be more in the increase in the ticket size or would it be driven by addition of our new branches 
or would it be driven by our normal branches getting converted into a super branch? So or would 
we be increasing the target for our existing employees? What would be the drivers for it, if you 
can give some Colour? 
Management: 
Yes, definitely, Sumit. I think, as I was saying in earlier questions, the growth momentum has 
been very strong for the last four quarters. So that's the primary factor where we are increasing 
our growth guidance from 30%, 35%. The growth comes from three levers, that's what we have 
been always saying. The first lever is the increase in branches. Last year we opened close to 70 
branches, 75 branches. This year we wanted to do a little bit more, so it may be around 80 
branches, 85 branches. First quarter we opened close to 13 branches and more branches will be 
there in the Q2 and Q3. So the first lever of growth will come from a number of branches that 
we intend to open for this financial year. 
Second will be at the branch level, average of officers per branch is somewhere around eight 
officers per branch. That will move from 8 to 8.5 to 8.5 to 9. So that will bring in more number 
of people to do more business and collection. So that's the second lever of growth that we intend 
to see. 
Third, of course, there will be increase in ticket size. As we said, we are bouncing back to the 
pre-COVID ticket size of INR3.5 lakhs. And inflationary around 6%, 7% will get added to the 
ticket size of what we are currently into it. So all these three levers put together and the strong 
momentum that what we see at the ground level for last four quarters made us to move from 
30% guidance to 35%. 
So it is not that we are putting pressure on all the existing officers, our existing productivity 
itself is one of the best in this lending space. So we don't intend to put any more pressure from 
our sourcing officers. So the levers of growth will confidently bring 35% or even more as we 
move forward. 
Sumit Rathi: 
Wonderful. Sir, on the increase in the borrowing side and your intent of adding more value to 
investors by increasing the ROE, what kind of leverage can we envisage over the next two to 
three years? Right now we are at around 2x leverage in our ROE tree. Going forward, if you can 
give some Colour? 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Management: 
Yes, definitely. It's a good question. As we have been saying in the calls, our plan is moving 
from ROA to ROE. If you see in the last four quarters, the ROE is keeping on increasing. So the 
plan and strategy is really working around. Yes, we have to increase our leverage. That's where 
we are increasing our focus to. So as we speak, we are at 2x of leverage, that will move towards 
3x to 4x in the next three years. At a growth of 35%, you get a mathematical answer to it. And 
you see that 16.62% will be closer to 18% in the next three years. So that's the game plan. And 
over a long term, from three years to five years, we see that touching 20% and even crossing 
20% ROE to our customers, to our shareholders. 
Sumit Rathi: 
Great. Sir thank you and all the best for the coming quarters and a year. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Desai from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Parth Desai: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My main question was on the AUM growth and I 
think you provided good clarity on where the three diversities should come from. Sir, my another 
question that you mentioned that number of people per branches will increase and from my -- 
what I understand about how the cluster branches work, once a specific number of accounts 
exceed a branch you open a new branch. So with the people in a certain number of branches 
increasing from let's say 8 to 9 as you mentioned, would this number of accounts also increase 
per branch? The threshold would increase. And how that would affect your plans to expand the 
branches going ahead? 
And considering that you are going to be investing in technology, branches and manpower 
altogether, when can we see the operating leverage to flow in and the economic efficiencies to 
drive moderation in the opex to AUM ratios? Thank you. 
Management: 
So, Parth, you are right in your observation because from a cluster approach as we keep opening 
new branches by transferring accounts, we don't need to put more number of officers in those 
branches. So, it's a balance call that we'll have to take whether we intend to put more officers 
and graduate that to a super branch or whether we want to split it because we see more 
opportunities in the cluster and then open up a new branch. 
So its going to be combination of this two, depending on whatever region in which we are 
operating. But that is only one of the levers that Mr. Pathy had mentioned. So if later say, we are 
not able to find opportunities to put more officers in the same branch, that will more than 
adequately get compensated by the more number of branches that we are able to open in the 
cluster. So that's what on the first question.  
On your second question, see we are still in a very heavy investment phase. And we have been 
guiding in the past also that our cost to income ratio is one of the best in the industry at this point 
of time. So we will not want you to assume too much of efficiencies coming in through 
operational cost savings at this point of time. We are very profitable. We will continue to invest 
at this point of time as we see good market opportunities. You know, these technology initiatives 
will at least take 18 months to 24 months for us to go deeper and start seeing some operational 
efficiencies and cost savings coming through. 

 
 
Five Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
July 29, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Parth Desai: 
 
Okay, thank you sir. That's it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Srikanth Gopalakrishnan for closing comments. Over to you. 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So, thank you all. I think as a company we are continuing to hold the investor interest as well as 
the confidence that each of you have placed on us. We are confident of delivering the results 
that we have sort of guided you on. And for now, we would like to sign off and look forward to 
connecting with you post the September results. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir and thank you to the members of the management. Ladies and 
gentlemen on behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
