Us 
HET 
COFFEE 
  
Date: 28.07.2023 
  
To 
To 
The Listing Department, 
The Corporate Relations Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited| 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5‘ Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
G Block, Bandra 
—- Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051. 
Mumbai - 400001. 
Scrip Code: CCL 
Scrip Code: 519600 
 
 
 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 25.07.2023 as required under Reg. 30 of 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
With reference to the above mentioned subject, we wish to inform you that, 
i) The copy of the Transcript of the Conference call held on 25* July, 2023 
is enclosed herewith. 
ii) The Transcript is also uploaded on the Company's Website and the Web link is, 
https://www.cclproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Conference-Call-Transcript-25.07.2023-1.pdf 
iii) The List of Management attendees 
is stated 
in Transcript. 
iv) No unpublished price sensitive information was discussed 
in the call. 
This 
is for your information and necessary records. 
Regards, 
For CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
Sridevi Dasari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE: 
7-1-24/2/D, "Greendale", Ameerpet, Hyderabad 
- 500016, T.S., India. 
+91 40 2373 0855 
REGISTERED OFFICE: 
Duggirala, Guntur Dist. 522330, A.P., India. 
| CIN L15110AP 1961PLC000874
Sridevi 
Dasari
Digitally signed 
by Sridevi Dasari 
Date: 2023.07.28 
17:48:38 +05'30'

t, 
CONTINENTAL 
daa 
  
MANAGEMENT: 
MODERATOR: 
4 
Ey 
COFFEE 
  
“CCL Products (India) Limited 
Conference Call” 
July 25, 2023 
ANTIQUE 
‘ 
Mr. CHALLA SRISHANT — MANAGING DIRECTOR — 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN JAIPURIAR — CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER — CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
Mr. B. MOHAN KRISHNA — EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR — 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
Mr. V. LAKSHMI NARAYANA — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER — CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
Ms. SRIDEVI DASARI — COMPANY SECRETARY — CCL 
PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
Mr. P.S. RAO — CONSULTANT COMPANY SECRETARY — 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
Mr. MANISH MAHAWAR — ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
Page 1 of 18

  
Moderator: 
Manish Mahawar: 
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to CCL Products (India) conference call hosted 
by Antique Stockbroking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock 
Broking. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Carol. A warm welcome to all the participants on CCL Products’ call. This call has 
been organized 
to discuss gross debt, expansion plan and merger of coffee division of 
continental coffee. From the management, we have Mr. Challa Srishant, Managing Director; 
Mr. 
B. Mohan Krishna, Executive Director, Mr. Praveen Jaipuriar, CEO; Mr. V. Lakshmi 
Narayana, CFO; Ms. 
Sridevi Dasari, Company Secretary, 
and Mr. 
P 
S Rao, Consultant 
Company Secretary on the call. 
Without further ado, 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Lakshmi Narayana for opening 
remarks. Post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to Mr. Narayana. 
Thank you. Good morning to all of you. This is Lakshmi Narayana here, CFO. In continuation 
to the earlier call, 
I think a little bit of confusion is there on account of the debt status, which I 
would like to convey to you and clarify it. As 
I stated in my previous call, the total debt on 
March 31, 2025 it is likely to be around INR2,000 crores, which makes an explanation keeping 
in view of the green coffee prices at $3,000. 
And gross debt scenario have worked out the likely debt by end March 2025. So in order to 
clarify the amount of confusion that has been rumoured around I just want to reclarify that this 
is the worst case scenario and as 
I have estimated around $3,000 for GC prices and arrived 
around INR2,000 crores. And keeping in view of the utilization and likely -- and maintaining if 
at all if the GC prices continues at $3,000. 
We may likely to end up around INR1,840 crores. But it will go down when it goes down from 
$3,000 level of GC prices to further maybe around $2,300 level. And proportionately, the 
working capital utilization as well will go down. And we expect in that scenario, the likely 
debt to be somewhere around INR1,600 crores, in March 31, 2025. 
And then March 31, 2024, we may likely to endorse around INR1,400 crores. This is what is 
likely to be under that part but what I stated in my previous call is just keeping in the traction 
part I have indicated and also the peak level of GC prices indicated around INR2,000 crores. 
So with due correction expected on GC prices, proportionately it may come down further as I 
have stated now. 
Page 2 of 18

  
Moderator: 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
Coming to the second point of demerger, demerger of activity of CCPL with CCL parent 
company. The amount of carry forward loss, which 
is going to be 
set off in the parent 
company, which is likely to be appearing as the reduction in the resource and surplus of the 
parent company. That's one way. And the second way is the effective tax rate -- it will have an 
impact on the further reduction of effective tax rate due to setting off the carry forward losses 
in the subsidiary companies. 
This is the second point which I could note down. And tentatively on March 31, 2023, there is 
a carry forward loss which is available for set off, which is around INR35 crores. And coming 
to the third part, 
this 
is relating 
to the clarification on expansion plan, which has been 
announced only by the AP state government, stating that CCL is going to take up expansion 
plan with the INR1,200 crores, which is not right. 
We never raised any request nor we have shared any information with the state government. 
And we don't have any plan of taking up any project of that kind in Vizag. So I think so these 
are all three points, which are rumoured around, we just want to take it forward with questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch. 
Sir, 
I just want to understand how the capex -- how has company planned on the capex? 
Because is the customer that comes to us and asks that we wanted to increase the business with 
us and we expand? Or is it that we expect -- we do a market research and we expect there is a - 
- there will be huge demand in the coming years and we expand? First point on that. 
And sir, on -- second on the capex part only, we are expanding in India as well as in Vietnam. 
And in our Vietnam facility, capacity will be still 50% utilized. Just wanted to know what is 
the reason for expansion in there right now? We can have -- we would have postponed by one 
more year. Any thoughts -- your thoughts on that? 
If 
I understood correctly, the question is regarding the expansion, why are we doing this 
expansion, right? 
No, no. Sir, my first question is that how -- like how we plan for expansion? Is it a customer 
who comes to us and say if he want to increase that business with us and we put up a new 
capacity? Or is it that we go to the market, do market research, and we think there will be a 
huge volume growth in the coming years, we can get the business and set up a new facility. 
How does it work? 
So in this current scenario both the things happen for spray-dried, we were doing our market 
research and then we were going in further expansion accordingly. We were running at peak 
capacity for quite some time and we were 
-- we decided that we -- I mean, we had to go in for 
expansion because there was a lot of demand that was coming in from multiple quarters. For 
freeze-dried, it was a slightly different scenario where we had some customers come in, giving 
us commitments for the next couple of years. 
Page 3 of 18

  
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
And because of that, we had to advance our expansion plans. Our original idea was after the 
spray-dried expansion was completed, we will wait for about a year or two before we go into 
the freeze-dried expansion. But because we had a commitment coming in from an existing 
customer -- in fact, 2 customers, that's when we decided to speed up that process. 
Okay. Sir, related to that question, so freeze-dried capacity is coming in Vietnam, which will 
start in the September '24, is my understanding correct? 
Yes. By next year this time, we should be starting the facility. 
And that 100% capacity is booked from the first year only? 
Capacity utilization, so we'll lose about half the year no? Because we'll end up losing about 
almost two quarters -- in the second quarter, the stabilization, everything will be done. So we'll 
have half the year left. So for half the year, 
I mean, we can just assume maybe around 75% 
utilization approximately of the balance of capacity that's left. 
Okay. And from the next financial year, we can expect at the peak capacity utilization? 
Yes, hopefully. 
Okay. Okay. Sir, second question regarding on the branded business, we have a Continental 
brand in India. We acquired a company -- a coffee brand in U.K., and we have also guided that 
we are looking for small-brand acquisition in international markets. Just wanted to understand 
what is our thought process, why acquiring small, small brands in these markets rather than 
focusing 
-- taking the Continental brand itself to the other markets because as on today, 
Continental brand has become itself very big, INR250 crores revenue in the last few years 
there. So any thoughts on that? And second on that profitability, where we see our profitability 
in the Continental brand in the coming years? 
Okay. So to answer the first question, actually, we are not really looking for brands -- small 
brands or big brands for acquisition anywhere in the world. The current situation was actually 
purely an opportunistic buying that had happened because one of our partners in the U.K. 
mentioned to us that this particular brand was available for sale. And the reason why we were 
interested in this particular brand is because there is certain history to it. 
In 1997, CCL was the main company that helped this brand get established. And from '97 till 
2018, we were the primary supplier for this particular brand -- for these brands, in fact. We 
were doing multiple qualities, and we were supplying to them for the U.K. market. This 
particular company had grown to a substantial extent, which was doing almost about INR100 
crores, INR120 crores. 
At which point in time, the owner of that particular company decides to sell it to a Swedish 
company. The interest of the Swedish company was that they wanted to enter the U.K. market. 
So that's the reason why they bought this particular brand has a very good premium. And when 
that happened, unfortunately, these guys don't know much about the instant coffee space, they 
Page 4 of 18

  
Moderator: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
are mainly 
a roaster ground coffee company. What they did was they decided to change 
suppliers immediately. 
And they started buying from another customer of us who is based in EU. But it so happened 
that the quality that they asked for, they weren't very particular, so they were okay with doing a 
change in quality. The customers in U.K. did not like that and the brand started falling. Within 
4, 5 years, came down to around INR18 crores from INR100-plus crores. So that is when we 
got this opportunity and we negotiated and we were able to get it for about INRS.5 crores. 
And since we know the original formulation since we never revealed 
it even to the brand 
owner in the past, we are the only ones who can actually produce the same quality that the 
customers are expecting in the U.K. market. So that was one of the main reasons why we 
decided to proceed with this acquisition. We had actually created a very unique blend for this 
particular customer, and it was a very premium product. So that was the main reason behind 
this particular acquisition. 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Arora from Magma Ventures. 
A couple of quick things, 
sir. Here seeing the debt part that if the coffee price remain at 
$3,000, you will have probably INR1,850-odd crores. Now... 
Sir, your voice is not clear, can you please repeat? 
Yes, so 
I was saying. You explained that part of INR1,850 crores peak debt level, assuming 
$3,000 coffee prices, $3,000 coffee, which is probably roughly the prices which is going on 
right now as well. So see we are going to generate roughly INR800-odd crores of cash flows in 
the next 2 years, right, after the interest payments or maybe a little less than that INR700 
crores to INR750 crores. 
And with that roughly the same amount of money which you're putting as capex as well. So it's 
effectively the increase in debt should be driven only by working capital. Now the increase in 
debt by almost INR850-odd crores for probably INR1,000 crores additional revenue or maybe 
even little lesser than that, doesn't seem too high? 
No. Okay. On a broad basis, now, the answer that we could give because a lot will depend on 
the -- as CFO has put in his opening remarks, a lot of it will depend on the coffee prices going 
forward in the sense that there will be a huge difference between a $2,300 coffee price and a 
$2,900 or a $3,000 profit price. So that will change the equation a lot. But considering the kind 
of projections that we are seeing right now, it looks like that from '26 onwards, we'll be able to 
generate free cash flows. 
I mean that's not where we see price grow after '26 I'm saying the EBITDA in the next 2 years 
will be roughly around INR1,000 crores. You will have probably taken together -- we will 
probably have another INR100 crores, INR200-odd crores of interest payment and maybe 
some bit of tax payment. And you are still left with probably INR600 crores, INR700-odd 
crores of cash flows, which is going in to capex night? And the two facilities. 
I think the 
Page 5 of 18

  
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
increased debt is predominantly only for the working capital, the coffee prices are roughly also 
the same -- pretty high level right now as well. It's not like it's... 
What is the EBITDA that you are taking? I think there is -- there could be some this thing, we 
have been giving a guidance of approximately 20% EBITDA growth from last year onwards. 
So let's say, last year, our EBITDA was around INR400-odd crores. So yes... 
So in 2 
years, I'm taking INR1,000 crores in total for 2 years together... 
Yes, for INR400 crores, if you take a 20% growth this year will be around INR480 crores and 
then subsequently yes, around INR580 crores the next year. 
This makes around INR160 crores of EBITDA. 
Yes, yes. So 
I think that will progress in that manner, and this basis that considering that we 
will have to service the current debt at whatever levels it is, and considering the current interest 
rate that is prevailing that was the number that CFO had mentioned in his opening remarks. 
That's what I'm trying to understand. So you're saying INR200 crores will be debt out of that -- 
interest payment out of that. You are 
left with INR860 crores, there will be payment of 
INR100 crores, INR150 crores of tax payment. You are left with INR700 crores. You have 
INR700 crores... 
Approximately INR100 crores, INR110 crores will be the interest amount, which will get 
serviced and yes, so your backed cash flows '25 will not be there because we also pay dividend 
no, at 25% to 30% of our profits as that's our policy. So a large chunk goes there, which means 
that there won't be enough cash generation for free cash flows till year '25, it's only in '26 
onwards, there will be free cash flow... 
Sir, what is the current coffee prices? 
Sorry? 
What will be the current coffee prices? 
Current coffee prices are approximately $2,500, $2,600 level. But it will really depend how 
things go forward because currently, what happens is that the Brazil crop comes in, so there 
will be certain movements in the market. We'll have to wait and watch. And then December, 
January, the Vietnam and the Indian crop comes in. 
And that's when the prices again kind of -- the market gets set for new prices at that point of 
time. So we'll have to wait and watch. But our estimation is that obviously, it will cool down 
going forward, considering the fact that these are all at 12 years high and all goes -- these all 
prices go through the cycle. See that -- there is not that much of a demand that the coffee 
prices would have increased to such level because the demand in coffee is probably growing at 
single digits, yes? 
Page 6 of 18

  
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Ankur Arora: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Moderator: 
Jenish Karia: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Jenish Karia: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
But the coffee -- and even if you were to take certain supply disruptions here and there, which 
are also not confirmed, this kind of inflation is unwarranted for. So -- and we have seen these 
cycles in the past also. If you see 6 years ago, a similar scenario had emerged wherein the 
coffee prices had gone at very high levels, and then it cooled down to $1,300, $1,400 level 
subsequently. So even if it doesn't cool down to that levels going forward but our estimation is 
that it will come much closer to $2,000 levels. The only thing is that we have to wait and 
watch and see at what times the reversal happens. But in the long run, yes, we are very sure 
that these prices are unsustainable. 
I said, the INR1,850 crores of debt level, INR1,850 crores of debt level, which you are giving 
for FY '25, that is based on $3,000 coffee prices, right? Our price level you have taken for 
that? 
Yes, around -- not exactly $3,000, $2,700, $2,800 is what we had calculated. 
If hypothetically the price is $2,000, how much will the debt be roughly? 
So the working capital will come down by, let's say, 20% or so, 20% to 25%. 
Another INR200 crores, INR300 crores reduction in debt will happen from that... 
Yes, yes, definitely, there will be reduction INR200 crores, INR300 crores. 
The next question is from the line of Jenish Karia from Antique Stockbroking. 
I would like to understand, sir, how do we plan the inventory for the demand, is it expense 
inventory of raw material that we keep or just basic understanding of how the planning is done 
for here? 
Sorry, you're asking about our inventory planning strategy no? 
Yes, sir. 
Yes. So basically, the inventory -- we are a cost-plus model, we only contract the green coffee 
once we get the order. So there is no speculative green coffee buying that we do. And our 
green -- our inventory depends a lot on the kind of contracts we are doing, yes? So there could 
be, let's say, a long-term contract. So for that, we will have deferred supplies of green coffee. 
Sometimes, when you're buying green coffee locally from small guys, you tend to hold that 
coffee yourself because you don't want a situation where the coffee prices are rising and the 
guys end up defaulting the thing when 
it comes to long-term contract, we go with larger 
suppliers who are very established suppliers, so they don't default. So it's a -- the inventory 
carrying strategy is a factor of multiple things that are happening around us, and it is all linked 
to the kind of contracts that we are doing, yes? 
So that is where it also -- in the past, our inventories went up also because of the fact that there 
was uncertainty after 4-week period regarding logistics. 
So because there was uncertainty 
regarding logistics, we ended up holding higher inventories because we wouldn't want to be in 
Page 7 of 18

  
Jenish Karia: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Jenish Karia: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Jenish Karia: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Moderator: 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
a situation where you have to produce coffee and you don't have coffee with you. So time to 
time -- previous to COVID, you would have seen our inventory days were pretty low because 
that time, the situation was very stable, and we could actually do with holding very few -- a 
very little amount of inventory, maybe 2-month stocks or 2.5 month stocks. 
But during COVID, we ended up having 4 to 5 months of stocks. Now that situation is easing. 
But again, the volatility in the coffee prices also makes you kind of really look at your 
inventory holding strategy. So all of these come into play. There is no one written down or set 
rule or 
I can say that we'll only hold 2 months of stocks or 4 months of stocks. 
It will all 
depend on that kind of -- on that point situation and also the kind of contracts that we do. 
Understood, sir. And sir, secondly, again, on the working capital side. So as we plan to scale 
up our B2C business not only in India but also globally, do we -- can we expect a rise in the 
receivable days in the longer term or if not, in the next 1 or 2 years? 
See, the retail business, the branded business is still 
a very small proportion of the coffee 
business. So 
I don't think so that will -- in the near future will kind of change any dynamics, 
whether it is our working capital cycles or inventory management and things like that. 
Okay. And sir, last question. We mentioned that we will have around INR25 crores of cut off 
losses benefiting in the tax. So what would be the tax rate for FY '24 and '25? 
So it is actually INR35 crores that is getting off-settled, and the effective tax rate this year will 
be close to 9%. 
Okay. And then '25, it will be normalized to, again, 12%, 15%? 
No, so closer to 12% to 13%. Yes, this would have been the rate this year also. But because of 
offsetting, the thing will come down to close to 9%. 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Purohit from InvesQ Investment. As there 
seems no response from the current participant, we proceed to the next question from the line 
of Zubin from Ambit Investments. 
Yes. Rahul Maheshwary here. I had two questions. First, as you are ramping up the capacity to 
some more than 75,000 tons in the next 2 years, 
so can you help 
us, 
let us know the 
procurement of the green coffee beans? Are we -- how we are planning towards that as we 
ramp up or double our capacity to that? 
And second thing, as in the previous con call, you had mentioned that we want to take our -- a 
few of our brands globally as a retail brand. So in that, our model will change from current 
pass-through model to 
a more retail oriented model. 
So in that case, how you would be 
managing the inflationary coffee prices? Means can that also model be a cost pass-through 
models when we are taking one of our few iconic brands to the global level today what we are 
planning to the coffee partners, etcetera. These are my 2 questions. 
Page 8 of 18

  
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Rahul Maheshwary: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
So two things. One, first thing that you asked about is the fact that we are increasing the 
capacity 
to 75,000 
tons. 
That 
is 
our procurement 
strategy. 
So 
our procurement 
strategy 
completely does not change at all. You know that we had been buying coffee both in India and 
in Vietnam from across the globe. It all depends on the kind of blend that we are doing, the 
prices that are being offered from different origins. And we buy coffee from -- all over the 
world we buy coffee from Southeast Asia, which is Vietnam, Indonesia. 
We buy coffee from Africa, Uganda. We could end up buying coffee from Brazil. So most of 
our procurement strategy does not change. The only thing is that the scale would change yes, 
of course, we'll end up buying more and more coffee. And it's a very open market traded 
commodity. It's the second largest traded commodity after oil. So it's pretty much an open 
market kind of a buying. We'll continue to do that. None of the dynamics changes there. 
Second thing is that you asked about our taking our brands into global markets. Yes, we are 
trying to build our B2C vertical. We started 5, 6 years ago. We had seen 
a fair bit of traction 
that happened in Indian market, and that gave us feet and legs to say that, okay, can we take 
this whole B2C operation outside India as well because outside India, one, we have a lot of 
understanding about the global markets thanks to the fact that we are supplying to almost 
everybody across the globe. And secondly, because we always -- the whole process was started 
to set up a B2C vertical as well. 
As far as the pricing strategy is concerned, that pricing strategy is completely different to the 
B2B. B2B, we work with cost-plus model. But there, there are 2, 3 things that will determine 
what kind of prices we'll sell to. And those -- when you are selling a B2C brand, it will be 
consumer pricing and not to a client or anybody else. So the consumer pricing is, obviously, it 
depends on the market leader pricing, the price velocity that the consumer is wanting to pay for 
your brand, your brand strength. So a lot of factor will go into deciding that price, but that will 
be far more consumer-led, and this pricing B2B has been customer-led. 
Coming back to the last part that you have asked is that are we in the mode of shifting the 
gears towards being a B2C company? I would say we are not in a mode of shifting gears but 
adding a gear of a B2C vertical, 
it in no way means that B2B will have any less focus. We 
have -- as you can see from our guidance, we have been very aggressive on the B2B side as 
well. But yes, the B2C segment is something that we have always wanted to build. We have 
started the process, and we will continue to build that as well, but none at the cost of each 
other, yes? Both will have equal amount of pressure from our side. 
Praveen, that's very helpful. Just a add on to this question, currently, CCL has been able to 
make how many types of blends in the coffee and how big is the potential going ahead once 
you ramp up the capacity? One is on this part. And second thing, as -- is there any -- how 
much is the overlap between the innovative coffee brand which you want to take to global and 
one which is being supplied to the partner? Can you give some colour highlight that what is 
working in your innovative lab, etcetera, that can give us a good idea? 
Yes, so first part is the number of blends. See, the number of blends is directly dependent on 
the demand from the client side probably has less to do with the capacity. But as we add 
Page 9 of 18

  
Moderator: 
Lokesh Maru: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
capacity, we'll also add 
a lot of new clients. And I'm sure new clients, everyone has this 
demand of developing a blend for themselves. 
So what we end up doing is end up having a lot of blends because everybody comes with a 
demand that 
I want a blend which is different from -- that is being prevalent in the market. 
Currently, as we have informed earlier as well in our library, probably we have 1,000-plus 
blends, and this is deemed to grow as we acquire new clients. But how much it will grow is 
difficult to tell now. But we'll keep you informing as and when we keep developing newer 
blends for our new customers or maybe old customers wanting to have something or wanting 
to launch something new in the market. So that's on this side. 
Now coming to the overlap between our brand and some of the innovative products that we 
want to do. Again, this strategy will be very, very different here. We do understand the fact 
that there could be certain conflicts in the -- in some of the markets where we would want to 
launch the brand. So we are aware of that. We are designing strategy so that there isn't much of 
an overlap. 
And anyways, when we are doing blends, we have told this before as well that when we do a 
blend for a client, that blend remains to that client. We don't kind of copy that blend to give it 
to somebody else. And when we are doing a blend for ourselves, we are developing a blend 
which 
is very, very different, very different and very unique to ourselves. And this blend 
doesn't get shared with anybody else. And that is what we have seen in the Indian market also. 
Today, if you see the Indian market, be it the private label, be it a lot of brand that we are 
seeing today in the consumer space and our own brand, we are all coexisting. All of them have 
a different blend to each other, and it's the consumer who decides which blend or which brand 
they prefer. So it's a little -- on the consumer side, 
I would say it's a very different sort of a 
competitive scenario where not only the product but also the brand, the pricing, a lot of things 
play a role. 
And since it's a competitive market, it really doesn't matter whether I'm having my own brand 
or somebody else is having their own brand. And most of the people do realize this and are 
perfectly okay with this. But consciously speaking, we would not like -- we would not be ina 
similar blend 
kind 
of 
a space wherein 
our clients 
are 
also 
there. 
So 
that's kind 
of 
a 
differentiation we'll always maintain. 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Sir, 
I wanted to ask this question. Given our capacity expansion, does that allow us to lower 
our inventory days by any chance? Basically, if capacity was a requirement of inventory at our 
end, and number of days, does that go down? 
Not really, Lokesh. 
I mean right now, the number of days probably will be in a similar zone. 
We are making efforts. Let us see. Because as I told earlier also, it will depend on a lot of other 
situations, let's see, and the type of contracts that we are doing. The prices as well. So as I told 
earlier that there could be a scenario where prices are low. There is free flow of green beans all 
around. So then you have that this thing to lower your deals. But in a scenario where prices are 
Page 10 of 18

  
Lokesh Maru: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Lokesh Maru: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Lokesh Maru: 
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
Lokesh Maru: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
fluctuating, where the supply constraints could be there, there are times when you are wanting 
to buy coffee but availability is also not there. 
So we don't want to end up in a scenario wherein you are left high and dry without having 
sufficient inventory. So that kind of thing is difficult to kind of predict right now, whether we 
will lower it or not. So therefore, as a guidance, we are saying that we'll maintain the similar 
amount of inventory going forward in line with the capacity expansion. 
Okay. And apart from the coffee price part, what usually is our thought process on how many 
days of inventory do we intend to leave with that? 
Generally, around 3 months is what we end up seeking. There could be certain fluctuations. 
I 
told you before, COVID, we were actually at 60, 65 days as well. So -- but currently, it's more 
than that, again, owing to fluctuations in the market and the market scenarios. So we have 3 
months of inventory right now. But yes, these are all to -- as a guidance, we are saying that 
we'll be close to 3 months going forward as well, but things could change if there is a lot of 
stability around that. 
Sir, any colour on this thing just basic expectations, not really an expert forecast, any colour on 
given there is impacting both goods this coast of Pacific, which is -- should be Vietnam, right, 
and the other cost as well, Brazil. What are the expectations building up for the coffee prices to 
remain firm or like really go down as such? 
No, so as I was telling you a few minutes ago, these are all-time high prices. We are expecting 
it to go down. The only thing is that timing is something which nobody is able to predict, that 
at what time 
it goes down because these prices are unsustainable. These are all-time high 
prices. And like any commodity, coffee also has a cycle, this time probably it has held on to 
higher prices for a little longer than no one had expected. But yes, this -- definitely, this is 
likely to soften up. 
Okay. Sir, last question on -- 
I know you have spoken already about it, but just to reconfirm 
and clarify on what would be the expected interest outlook for the next 2, 3 years? Like last 
year, it was very low compared to what we are expecting going forward for FY '24 and '25, sir 
how much on annual basis what is the kind of interest outlook that you are expecting? 
As we look at the present scenario, the rate of interest is -- for working capital it is running 
around 6%. And the term loan, it is likely to be somewhere around 10.5%. Look, it is too hard 
to say the way that the interest rates are hiking up across the globe. So we presume that the 
current scenario base will continue maybe in a couple of 3 years because if you look at the 
U.S., there is a likely increase a couple of markets that we are planning to increase. So that is 
ultimately going to reflect some other markets as well. So keeping all this in view, we expect 
our rate is likely to continue as far as CCL is concerned, our working cap is at 6% level. 
Sir, and our term loan, basically, that would be like INR600 crores of expansion currently and 
INR420 crores of expansion on future -- INR1,000 crores right, and the rest would be working 
capital requirement. Is that correct? 
Page 11 of 18

  
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
Lokesh Maru: 
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
Moderator: 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Tushar Raghatate: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
Right, yes, as I told... 
And how much have we retiring this term loan, how much do you retire every year? 
In the current financial year, there is -- almost we are retiring around INR78 crores is the 
repayment. And the next financial year, it is likely to be around INR120 crores. 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from Kamayakya Wealth Management. 
Sir, just want to understand what would be our value-added in percentage terms of the volume 
and the realization premium which you might get on that value-added product in percentage 
terms? That would be helpful. 
So value-added is a little broad term. Generally, if I were to convert that value added into, let's 
say, premium and more specialty coffee, basically between 5% to 10% is our volumes as of 
now, yes. So these are products which are really innovative, premium and they give us higher 
margins. Now these higher margins could lie right from 50% to sometimes 100%, 150% 
higher than the regular margins. It depends on a lot of things. 
What is the kind of products? And are we doing -- sometimes these products may go in bulk. 
Sometimes, they go in small packs. So when they go in bulk, probably we end up earning 50% 
to 70% higher margins. Sometimes when 
it goes in small packs, we could end up earning 
100% more margin than a regular bulk product. So that's the kind of range that is there. But 
yes, these are very small, obviously, higher -- highly priced products will have its own niche. 
So these are small at the moment. 
But going forward, yes, this is one focus area that we have been focusing on. The coffee 
market has been evolving. There is a lot of now queries started happening for specialty coffee, 
and that's the reason we also set up a mini plant to be able to cater to small quantities. But the 
fact of the matter is these are smaller quantities as of now. But yes, we are putting a lot of 
focus to get more and more orders of these kind of coffees. 
Sir, my last question, I just wanted to understand like INR100 decrease in the price of a coffee. 
How much it will have a shift in our EBITDA per kg? That relativity I what to understand... 
So coffee prices dropping or increasing does not have any effect on EBITDA per kg we work 
on cost-plus model. So when we do a contract, we do a contract on today's coffee prices. And 
if the contract gets materialized, we procure at today's prices, yes? So whether in the case of 
higher coffee prices or lower coffee prices, our EBITDA per kg remains constant. 
The only effect that you will see is that in the top line, probably like last year, on a volume 
growth of 20%, 21%, we got a value growth of 40% to 43%, which meant that we value -- the 
20% to 23% higher value we got for the same volume, and therefore, our value growth started 
looking much higher. But our EBITDA per kg does not change in any scenario. 
Fair enough, sir. Sir, just one question. Sir, what would be the utilization level in the India and 
Vietnam? And sir, we have been on the capex pre, if we could see it. Sir, what is giving that 
Page 12 of 18

  
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Tushar Raghatate: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
view of -- for the capex, any order book which we have or any concrete orders which you are 
seeing for the next 1 to 2 years? 
Okay. So first part, utilization. If you see the India capacity, it is continue utilized, yes? When 
we see -- when we say fully utilized, it really means that close to 90%, 95% because there will 
be blend differences and things like that. So it's fully utilized in India. The Vietnam capacity, 
the earlier capacity, is fully utilized. The new capacity, which is 16,000 metric tons that we 
added last March, that current utilization is at 50% levels, yes? 
So in the first quarter, we saw 50% utilization. And going forward, we expect similar kind of 
utilization for the full year for the extended capacity. So that's on the capacity front. The 
second question that you asked was on -- what was your second question? Sorry, if you could 
repeat. Hello? 
I missed your second question. I've answered about the capacity. So what was 
the second question? 
Yes, sir. Sir, actually, we could see that we are on a capex pre. So 
I just want to understand 
what is the driver of your ongoing capex and the upcoming capex? Any concrete plan...? 
Yes, yes. So drivers are multi-fold. But basically, if I were to put in a crust, it is our demand 
estimation from the market, which depends on many things. When we -- like, for example, last 
year, if you would have gone through our con call, we had mentioned that last year, we almost 
procured 3,000 metric tons of coffee from third-party and supplied to our clients, which meant 
that there was demand for us to fulfil and we didn't have enough capacity. So reasons like 
these. 
Second is, yes, for example, freeze-dried. Freeze-dried, we would have installed the capacity 
probably a year later. But then couple of our clients came and they were ready to underwrite 
some of the capacity. And they said that they are willing to kind of buy freeze-dried right from 
the word go. So that again, gives -- so it's a combination of factors of our demand estimation. 
These are sometimes order books. 
So for example, we had order books last year. We bought coffee from outside. So we were 
very sure that the new capacity, at least that 3,000 tons to 4,000 tons, is readily available to be 
utilized. And 
sometimes, 
it 
is 
our demand 
estimation, 
which 
is 
also 
based 
on 
market 
information, market queries that we get like in the example of freeze-dried when somebody 
came and told us that we are going to buy. So all of this leads to our decision on capacity 
expansion. Some of it has looked like that it was happening back to that. But a lot -- some of 
our capacity expansion was actually on the radar. It was supposed to happen. 
But unfortunately, COVID happened. During COVID time, everything came to a 
standstill. 
Everybody was on a wait and watch. And once COVID got over, we started expanding, and 
then it all looked like all of it has come together. But this 
1 to 2 years of capacity expansion 
actually, probably things where normal would have got spread into 3, 4 years. 
Sir, just one suggestion from my end. 
Page 13 of 18

  
Moderator: 
Manoj Gori: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Manoj Gori: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
Please, sorry to interrupt, but may I please request you to rejoin the queue for your follow-up 
as we have people waiting for their turn. The next question is from the line of Manoj Gori from 
Equirus Securities. 
Sir, probably if I recollect 3 to 4 quarters back in one of the con call, we had a discussion about 
the return ratios like given that the coffee prices are moving up. So we would be having some 
impact on the return ratios. However, today, when I learn -- and probably you had indicated 
like there would be no impact and probably we don't require any incremental working capital 
or capital employed given that we would be working on the sourcing part, or probably with 
client part. However, when 
I look at today, you're talking about the incremental working 
capital requirement because of the increase in coffee prices. So can you throw some light on 
this or correct me if I'm wrong? 
So exactly 6 months ago, if you were to read most of the analyst reports on green coffee, you 
would find that everybody had predicted a fall in green coffee prices. And so did we. But 
unfortunately, some fund guys took position on coffee. Coffee as a commodity became one 
commodity where people wanted to play because most of the other commodities of you see, 
their cycles, they're on a downward spiral. 
And therefore, a lot of fund guys took position here and the coffee prices did not come down at 
all. And that led to -- and at that time, we had thought that if it comes down by $300, $400, 
then we would be in a position where we may not require additional working capital and we 
could maintain even with our expanded capacity. But unfortunately, what happened is that the 
coffee prices have kind of stayed at higher levels and haven't come down, putting pressure on 
working capital requirement as of now. 
Right. Right. Sir, my second question would be, so if you look at the EBITDA growth that we 
just guided, or probably what we are targeting of roughly around 20% EBITDA growth for the 
next 2 years, however when I look at the new capacities which are coming in seem to be more 
premium 
as compared 
to 
the spray-dried. 
So especially when you look 
at the Vietnam 
conglomerated coffee, so where we command better margins as compared to India operations, 
plus next year, we would be coming with freeze-dried capacities as well. 
So don't you expect -- and plus, we are focusing on the better value-added product mix. So 
don't you feel like 20% EBITDA growth, while we are targeting for that 18%, 20% volume 
growth, like our EBITDA per kg or per ton should improve significantly or at least it should 
improve, whereas what we are seeing right now is like it would be moving in line with volume 
growth? 
So I'm talking 
a little bit broadly. If you really dig down into -- dig down details, probably 
you'll get a sense that there are certain aspects where we will improve our EBITDA. But let me 
talk in a little broader way. If you see at current levels, there are 2 capacity expansions that we 
are doing -- 3 capacity expansions. And if you see the first 2 are 16,000 tons and 16,000 tons 
of spray-dried capacity, so our mix in the total all scheme of things will change. 
So 
we'll 
be 
selling more 
of spread capacity, which means that 
in 
an overall 
level, 
at 
consolidated level, the EBITDA as well come down because our freeze-dried proportion, 
Page 14 of 18

  
Manoj Gori: 
Moderator: 
Manoj Gori: 
Moderator: 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
Aashish Upganlawar: 
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
which gives us higher EBITDA, will reduce in the next couple of years. It's only in next year -- 
in the mid of next year when the freeze-dried capacity comes we will start doing -- getting 
freeze-dried -- we will start getting better EBITDA from freeze-dried. So keeping all of these 
in mind, there will be pluses. There will be certain minuses. The pluses will happen. Yes, we 
are focusing on value-added products. 
But as 
I just told you, it's right now very small. So 
I don't see significant impacts coming in 
next 2 years, and that is why we gave guidance for 2 years. Subsequent to 2 years, probably 
when these segments like small packs, like value-added products, when they start growing in 
higher proportions and have significant basis in our portfolio then we will start seeing better 
EBITDA margins. But for couple of years, the EBITDA that we are kind of talking about is -- 
the growth that we are talking about is led by volume, and we would like to maintain that next 
2 years will grow as per volume growth, and we will get around 20% volume growth on 
EBITDA. 
Sir, lastly if I may squeeze in, so as I understand correctly... 
I'm so sorry to interrupt, may I please request you to rejoin the queue. 
Sure, sure. Yes. 
The next question is from the line of Aashish Upganlawar from InvesQ Investment. 
Sir, you mentioned that the tax rate could be around 9% this year and 
I think 12% around -- 
beyond '24. So is it going to be sustainably at 20 -- 12%? I guess you have some tax breaks in 
Vietnam, I guess. So if you could clarify on that, will be helpful. 
Yes. So I'll tell you. It would have been 12% this year. Next year also 12%. But because of 
demerger, we will see a lower tax rate this year, which is close to 9%. Next year we will be 
closer to 12%, 13%. But a year after that, we will have our India capacity where the new tax 
rate is around 15%. So as a combination, it will be closer to that number. 
But don't hold me first thing that it was 12% and it came to 13.5% or things like that. But a lot 
will depend on how -- or which plants we are utilizing, where is the utilization higher, where is 
the utilization lower. All that factor will play up. But next couple of years, yes, you are right. It 
will be closer to 12% to 14%, not below or beyond that. 
Yes. So can we break this up into India what tax rate you will be paying on an ongoing basis? 
And then in Vietnam, how much it is? 
So in Vietnam, as of now, 
it is completely exempted, till the next announcement comes. 
It 
continues the -- corporate income tax is zero. 
Okay. 
And in India, we have SEZ, we have EOU and the different combinations it goes on the rate. 
Page 15 of 18

  
Aashish 
: 
V Lakshmi Narayana: 
Moderator: 
Vivek Ganguly: 
Challa Srishant: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
Okay, okay. So on a blended basis, we still will be -- have a visibility of, say, 14%, 15% for 
the next -- beyond '25? 
Yes, a couple of -- yes you told that '23, '24 and '24, '25 and it will continue to be 12%. 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Ganguly from Nine Rivers Capital. 
Historically, what we have seen is that you all had a healthy top line and a very conservative 
balance sheet. And that was obviously aided by the low cost of borrowing of 3%, 3.5% that 
you all had. Now going forward, we are going towards a continued growth of robust 20-plus 
percent or 20%. And the balance sheet where the debt equity is moving towards 1:1 ratio, 
aided by -- because of tailwinds or headwinds that are there underlying. And where your cost 
of capital or cost of debt is also moving from this historical 3%, 3.5% to 6% to 7% range. 
So I think this is what actually is where all the concern is emanating from. Is that are we -- the 
fiscal discipline that we had in the past, are we letting go of that? Or if things slip -- are we on 
a slippery slope if things were not to work out and things were to get a little more risky? That 
is if you can address this question philosophically, a lot of things would get taken care of either 
way from my personal perspective. 
Yes. So maybe 
I can answer this question. So fundamentally, this is a question that a lot of 
people have been asking us directly. So from our side, there is no change in our thinking or our 
philosophy or our strategy also for that matter. To be very frank, 
I think everyone's been 
tracking the company for quite some time. They've seen that in India, we were already 
operating at peak capacity for the last couple of years. 
In fact, the year that COVID hit that was when we were actually supposed to go in for 
expansion. But we had to delay that because the whole world was on lockdown. And even 
during the COVID year, what happened was we managed to have a 10% growth in volumes. 
And in fact, that was a year that we were able to actually penetrate the market even better. So 
subsequently, once things started easing up, we started focusing on the expansion part. We had 
to go one expansion after the other. 
We initiated some line balancing, then we enhanced the capacities and started growing. And 
as our volumes started growing as we started supplying to customers, we started adding a lot of 
new customers as well. For us, if you look at it historically, look at 2008 for instance. In 2008, 
the whole world was in recession. We were, 
I think, one of the only companies that grew by 
almost 40%. So these disruptions that keep taking place once in a while, we've -- actually 
turned out to be opportunities for us. And at least we look at them as opportunities because that 
is when customers are willing to look at alternatives. 
Now when COVID hit, we've seen the sudden spike where people wanted those alternatives in 
place. They have realized you can't have overdependencies on any one geography or territory. 
When the Russia war situation happened, we've seen a complete sea change in how customers 
think. People who wouldn't have even considered talking to any other alternative vendors 
because of the relationships that have been in place for years, were forced to start onboarding 
new suppliers. 
Page 16 of 18

  
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
And by virtue of being one of the largest manufacturers in the world, 
it became that much 
easier for us to approach these new clients. And that is what is giving us that confidence today 
that we can continue this volume growth because once we get entry, we are there to stay. Our 
ability to match customers! blends is also relatively easy because of the R&D team that we 
have developed at our end. So customers -- people who have never considered alternatives are 
suddenly surprised that, oh, this company is able to match my existing blend with maybe one 
try or maximum of two tries. 
And not only match, after we get that confidence in place, we're able to offer a wider range of 
products. We're letting the companies to rethink their own strategies about how to expand 
further in their areas. So we are forging much stronger partnerships, which is also enabling us 
to grow. 
One of the reasons -- in fact, interestingly, one of the customers that we have, one of our 
largest customers, we onboarded them and just before onboarding them. They made 
it very 
clear. These are our credit terms. Only if you are financially strong enough to offer these credit 
terms we will even consider you as a supplier. With those particular credit terms, the number 
of potential suppliers come down from 100 to maybe 4 or 5 in the world, and we are one of 
them. 
So we -- today, in fact, one of our existing shareholders also asked us to explore the option of 
why don't you consider -- because of your economies of scale and all, why don't you consider 
getting credit from your own suppliers. Why don't you consider reducing your credit days with 
your customers? We've explored both these options as well. But what we found, interestingly, 
is because of the credit rating of the company, we are able to get access to funds at a much 
lower rate than everybody else. That is also one of the competitive advantages that we have, 
both in India as well as Vietnam. 
We are in this priority sector right now. And there are certain benefits that come out of that, 
which is why we are actually utilizing our working capital and everything else to the fullest to 
achieve our objectives. So it's a combination of everything that is enabling us to grow at the 
pace that we are growing. 
As far as this long-term debt is concerned and everything else, as 
I mentioned earlier, our 
initial strategy -- our strategy over the years has always been, first, to expand, then stabilize, 
then expand and then stabilize. The only change that has come about this time is we had to 
advance our freeze-dried expansion by about 
1, 2 years only because we have a customer 
coming and saying, "We're willing to give you a commitment in writing for at least 5 years." If 
that did not happen, we would have postponed this expansion until the stabilization was 
completed. 
So we are in a situation where that debt is a little higher right now. But that confidence level is 
there that not only can we service this debt, we can also grow at a much faster pace than what 
we anticipated earlier. In fact, that is one of the reasons why because the B2B space is 100% 
taken care of at least for the next couple of years, we have that confidence and that flexibility 
to focus on the B2C also a little bit more aggressively. We are not like -- one of the questions 
Page 17 of 18

  
Moderator: 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Moderator: 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
July 25, 2023 
that one of the shareholders asked earlier is, what is the profitability that we're expecting from 
the B2C segment and all that? Are we focusing on profitability nght now? 
The answer is no. Right now, our intention like what we did in India, our focus is to grow 
volumes in the B2C space in a sustainable manner. We are not looking at spending ridiculous 
amounts 
of money 
in advertising 
and pushing 
the product. Every country that we 
are 
introducing our products, there will be 
a learning curve. So we're planning and doing that 
slowly and steadily. And our intention is eventually the transition should hopefully take place 
where we are more of a B2C company than just a B2B company as we were in the past. 
And this transition also, we are doing with the help of our existing customers in different 
regions, the several distributors, the people who are changing their entire business model 
because of us, partners that have been with us for so many years. So all these changes is what 
is giving us the confidence that we are on the right path with respect to the long-term vision of 
the company. 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management for their closing remarks. 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us. 
I hope we have been able to clarify some of the doubts 
some of you had. And please feel free to reach out to us separately if you have any queries. 
You can write it to our -- to Sridevi, and we'll be happy to answer your queries. Thank you so 
much, and look forward to meeting you again. 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you, 
all, for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 18 of 18
