               
 
 
                                                                                          Communication Address: 
                                                                                                                     Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
                                                                                         2nd Floor, Admin Block                            
27, Vandaloor Kelambakkam  Road, 
                                                                                                                   Keelakottaiyur Village, Melakottaiyur (Post) 
Chennai – 600 127, India 
Tel : +91 44 43446700  
Fax : +91 44 47406190 
E-mail : investors@solara.co.in 
www.solara.co.in 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited - CIN : L24230MH2017PLC291636 
REGD. OFF: 201, Devavrata, Sector 17, Vashi Navi Mumbai - 400703. India/ Tel: 91-22-2789 2924 / 2789 3199 / Fax: 91-22-2789 2942 
 
May 18, 2023 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
     The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
                   Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001                    Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 541540 
 
 
     Scrip Code: SOLARA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, 
conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on May 12, 2023, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of Company at: https://solara.co.in/investor-
relations/stock-exchange-communication/#investor_update 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
S. Murali Krishna  
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. as above 
SUDDAPALLI 
MURALIKRISHNA
Digitally signed by 
SUDDAPALLI MURALIKRISHNA 
Date: 2023.05.18 16:46:58 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
Q4 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JITESH DEVENDRA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. POORVANK PUROHIT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES 
LIMITED 
MR. SUBRAMANIAM HARIHARAN – EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SOLARA 
ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SOLARA ACTIVE PHARMA SCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Solara Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Singhal. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you, Lizann. A very good afternoon to all of you. And thank you for joining us today for 
Solara Active Pharma Sciences earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 
ended financial year 2023. Today, we have with us, Jitesh, Managing Director; Poorvank, CEO; 
and Hari, ED and CFO to share the highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. I 
hope you've gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which have 
been uploaded on our website as well as the stock exchange. The transcript for this call will be 
available in a week's time on the company's website. 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relation to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations team.  
I now hand over the call to the management to Jitesh to make the opening remarks. 
Jitesh Devendra: 
Thanks, Abhishek. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining the call today. I'm delighted 
that we concluded fiscal year FY '23 on a positive note, having accomplished many of the goals 
we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year. Specifically coming to the Q4 performance, 
On the revenue front, we had a 5% growth year-on-year. Gross margins stood at 50.3%, EBITDA 
at INR51.5 crores. 
When we started the financial year, we had set four key strategic priorities, which included 
resetting and concentrating the base business, restoring R&D velocity addressing under 
recoveries at our newly commissioned Vizag site and expanding into new products and 
geographies. We are pleased to report that we are trending positively towards a broad range of 
outcomes, and our performance in FY '23 is indicative of the company's efforts to rebound. 
Coming to our base business. Base business has shown strong growth momentum in second half 
of FY '23 when compared to the first half. Regulated market revenues stood at 72% during Q4 
FY '23. Our Base business has achieved EBITDA margins of 19% during the quarter 4 FY '23. 
One of our key achievements is securing Ibuprofen DMF approval in China. We believe we are 
the first company outside of China to achieve this milestone. Sales have already commenced. 
We continue to expand our Ibuprofen franchise across regulated market geographies and 
branded customers. 
Our non-Ibuprofen business consists of key products like Sevelamer Carbonate, Praziquantel, 
Sapropterin, Succinyl Choline Chloride and many others, where we are one amongst the few 
regulated market players. We continue to expand our portfolio on polymer-based chemistry with 
the addition of three products. Secondly, on our R&D, we have filed three new U.S. DMFs in 
Q4 taking the total to five new products filed in FY '23. We continue to expand our geographies 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
for our existing products. In quarter 4 FY '23, we have done three market extensions for three of 
our existing products, taking a total of 12 market extensions for 15 existing products during FY 
'23. The investments we have made in new products since the inception of Solara are yielding 
us the results. 
New product revenues contributed 14% of the total sales. We continue to invest in our R&D for 
strengthening our generic API portfolio and CRAMS to meet the growing demands for our 
existing products as part of increasing market share through market extensions, addressing 
regulatory requirements for new products. 
Coming to Vizag. We have received U.S. FDA and European CEP approval in FY '23. Our 
capacity utilization at Vizag has improved in Q4. We have completed one of the key backward 
integration programs for one of our APIs. We initiated supply of APIs from Vizag, which started 
which commenced from Q3 FY '23. We have got commitments from our key customers to 
qualify Vizag, which will enhance capacity utilization in second half of FY '24. 
Out of the five new U.S. DMFs filed in the last financial year, three are from Vizag. Fourthly, 
our efforts on the CIP have already given the results, but the full realization of the work, which 
we have undertaken in the last financial year, will flow through from Q2 of FY '24. We expect 
the momentum to carry on for the goals which we have set to bring the company back to its 
historical growth rates. 
With this, I now hand over to Poorvank, our CEO. 
Poorvank Purohit: 
Thanks, Jitesh. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited to be part of Solara 3.0 growth journey. 
The second half of financial year 2023 has brought in more confidence in the fundamentals of 
the business. Our margins have risen, and we are working towards building new opportunities 
for sustainable growth. These improved financial results are a testament to the hard work and 
dedication of our employees and the strength of our product portfolio. Moving forward, we'll 
continue to focus on outcomes that deliver value to all large stakeholders. I would like to talk 
primarily on our focus areas for growth for future. 
Number one, we will be very strong. We'll see a strong growth in the base business and new 
products by putting into new geographies. Secondly, we will have new capability addition. 
Third, we are talking about CRAMS business in terms of growth through low molecular peptides 
and material sciences. Fourth, as Jitesh already mentioned, we are talking about enhanced 
capacity utilization at Vizag. And last but not the least, we will continue to focus on cost 
improvement programs and backward integration. 
With this, I now hand over to Hari our Executive Director and CFO, to take us through the 
financials for Q4 financial year 2023. 
Subramaniam Hariharan: We are pleased to announce our FY '23 financial results and key results are as follows. The 
revenue for FY '23 is at INR1,466 crores, a growth of 14% year-on-year. Our gross margin year 
as a whole is at 46%, and operating EBITDA of INR226.8 crores, with a 15.5% margin. And 
our reported EBITDA at INR150.7 crores, growth of 63% over the last year.  

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
As Jitesh and Poorvank rightly pointed out that our course correction strategy has already started 
giving results and very visible from our FY '23 performance. The corrective actions have 
resulted in many positive outcomes during FY '23 that reduced under recovery of Vizag, 
regulatory approval for Vizag site, reduction in the net current asset. reduction in the gross debt 
level and improved financial ratios. 
Our net current assets have reduced by INR63 crores to FY '23 primarily due to the reduction in 
inventory and GST and our gross debt has been reduced by INR23 crores in FY '23. We are 
working to achieve the comfortable debt to net debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the coming years. And 
our primary focus is improving cash flows by the prudent application of capital. We continue to 
remain focused on the actions to improve profitability and very confident about growth prospects 
of Solara. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on gross margins. Firstly, is this to do with better realization or with the lower raw 
material cost, if you could explain that? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
No, it's a combination of the product mix and the CIP program. From the raw material sourcing 
point of view, it's more or less been the same over the quarters. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
We've not witnessed, so just a clarification. So, we're not in the past, it missed see pricing rate 
prices. And so, subsequently, now we are not seeing the slowdown. More or less, we are stable 
in terms of the raw materials price. Is that a way to understand? 
Jitesh Devendra:  
Yes, Tushar. Yes, for sure. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Okay. But like on the other API companies, at least the ones I mean, there has been a good 
amount of offtake in 4Q in particular. Has there been any let's say, sort of a rebuilding in terms 
of the inventory to normalize inventory in the channel sort of thing? Or it's more a steady state 
for your products? 
Subramaniam Hariharan: Inventory level number depending upon the product growth on inventory level, as we have 
considerably reduced the total inventory compared to the last 1 year. And we expect that there 
is a procurement plan and production plan has been normalized so that just in time concept, we 
have introduced. And we like to reduce our inventory level and working capital in a phase 
manner. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. And just secondly, sequentially, we're seeing some dipping sales. So, and 
subsequently, how to look for FY '24, if any competitive guidance we would like to give in terms 
of revenue as well as margins. 
Jitesh Devendra: 
We won't want to say right now, but the focus is on terms of as I've been always saying in all 
the previous calls that we want to bring back the company to its historical levels. So, year as a 
whole for FY '24, there will be improvement in sales as well as in terms of the EBITDA. But at 
some point, we'll be happy to communicate in terms of the growth plans what we have. 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Maheshwari an Individual Investor. 
Dhruv Maheshwari: 
My first question is, it is good to see reduction in under recoveries of the Vizag plant. By when 
are we expecting the plant to break even? And what is the targeted capacity utilization for the 
plant over the next 12 months? 
Subramaniam Hariharan: No, we are just in as Jitesh indicated that we have the USFDA approval and EU CEP approval 
for the facility. And we are in the process of qualifying customers who wish to take the product 
from Vizag site. From H2 to onwards, there'll be substantial improvement in the capacity 
utilization of Vizag plant and during the Q4 FY '24, the capacity utilization will be more than 
60% in Vizag. 
Dhruv Maheshwari: 
Got it. My next question is, can you give us an outlook for the revenue growth and the EBITDA 
margin over the medium term? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, this goes back to the previous question, what Tushar had asked, right? Year as a whole for 
FY '24, you will see a growth in terms of the revenue and the EBITDA. In terms of the guidance, 
what I can definitely tell you is we are very upbeat in terms of Solara returning to its historical 
levels, and you will see this from the second half of this financial year. 
Subramaniam Hariharan: Just to add, Jitesh mentioned, we have noticed in the current FY '23 there has been a substantial 
improvement in EBITDA, and we've grown our EBITDA by nearly 63% and revenue growth 
by 14%. So just to give the indication that what corrective action we have taken has resulted in 
FY '23 good performance. So, just we are tracking in the same line for FY '24, and we can see 
those good positive results in FY '24. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Siddhant Choudhary, an Individual Investor. 
Siddhant Choudhary: 
Sir, my first question is, we have seen consistent sequential improvement in gross margin over 
the last 4 quarters. So, is this number of 50% margin, a sustainable number going forward? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
Yes. For the year as a whole, yes. But quarter-on-quarter, that will be plus and minus. But the 
year as a whole, yes. And because of the various product mix as well as some of the products 
where the supplies happen during the second half. 
Siddhant Choudhary: 
Got it. Another question. We have seen that our working capital have decreased 25 days in last 
financial year, which is FY '23. So, in your opinion, how much further can we reduce this in the 
next financial year? 
Subramaniam Hariharan: Actually, the number of days is 200 days plus, and it will come to 150 days by FY '24. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line Subrata Sarkar from Mount Intra Finance. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Sir, just two quick questions. First, on the capex, sir, if you can give some guidance on the capex 
side, like for next year and maybe for next 2 years, how much capex we are planning to do or 
most of the capex is done? Second, from our Vizag facility, like what is our peak revenue which 
we can achieve? And like what kind of capacity utilization, we are expecting for next year? And 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
generally, how much time we are expecting for ramping up of the Vizag facility? This is the 
initial question. 
Jitesh Devendra: 
From a capex point of view, we will have our maintenance capex and then there is a growth 
capex. Growth capex is concerned, we have made all those investments and we are only focusing 
on terms of better capacity utilization in Vizag. But yes, there will be a maintenance capex across 
the plants for compliance, and that could be in the range of INR70 crores to INR80 crores in 
total for the year. And from a Vizag revenue perspective, right? Like once the customers take 
the validation batches and the capacity utilization will only increase in the second half. We will 
be able to then guide you what is the peak revenue we are looking at from Vizag point of view. 
There's a lot of work in progress right now. 
Subrata Sarkar: 
Yes. Sir, just a backward question, like how much we have seen total in Vizag? And what kind 
of asset turnover generally like is optimal for this kind of a plant? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
You see, we are already aiming to improve the fixed asset turnover ratio, right? And from a 
plant-wise, we don't give any specific numbers and that includes even the investment, but you 
will see the revenue growth over the next years, the major revenue growth is going to be coming 
from Vizag. 
Subrata Sarkar:  
So, we are not disclosing how much we spend on Vizag also? 
Management: 
 
Correct. 
Subrata Sarkar:  
Okay. No issues, sir. 
Moderator: 
 
Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just one more from my side, with China approval, like especially for the commercial part, 
what will be the timeline? 
Jitesh Devendra:  
Your question is related to the approval, what we got for Ibuprofen in China, correct? 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Correct, correct. 
Jitesh Devendra:  
Yes. We already have the approval and we have already commenced commercial supplies. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Okay. So, any sort of market size you would highlight for this product in China currently... 
Jitesh Devendra: 
We are also assessing the market size in China. They say it's substantial, and the market, what 
is described in IMS is different than what's the actual ground reality. So, we do hope that we 
will have a substantial market share in China over the next few years. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just lastly on this, so the formulator will have to participate in tenders using your DMF and 
that is how we'll get the business, or we already have, I mean since you've already 
commercialized, but just a clarification, we already have a good amount of order for the coming 
year or it's more like a few months of. 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, we have started getting the orders. As I said, it is just not one customer. At least we have a 
couple of customers, and they are also preparing for the launch quantity. So, the substantial 
requirement, the jump in the requirement is going to come in the next financial year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And this is from Vizag facility? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
This is right now from our Pondy facility, but we are also qualifying Vizag as an additional site. 
So that process will also be completed in this financial year. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Utsav Jaipuria from the DAM Capital Advisors. 
Utsav Jaipuria: 
So, my first question is regarding your pipeline. Can you give some more color on the upcoming 
launches in FY '24, '25? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, from the pipeline perspective, one of the key actions that we are taking is the reclassification 
of the Cuddalore OAI. And in the last couple of investor calls also, I mentioned that there are 11 
new approvals which are pending just from the Cuddalore site. 
And out of those at least 3 are very significant in terms of both revenue as well as our EBITDA 
margins. And the momentum in terms of the new product filings, which we have again reinitiated 
in the last year. For those, we will start seeing commercial revenues in second half of FY '25. 
Typically, we've had at least 3 to 4 new product launches every year and that momentum will 
carry on from FY '25. 
Utsav Jaipuria: 
So, sir, these 11 new approvals that you mentioned, so which therapeutic area would these be 
in? And if you could give a broad color on the end market size for these molecules? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
What I can tell you is when I say the significant, right, at least those 2 out of those 3 are polymer-
based products. And the market size, one of them, it is like a global requirement. So, it's not just 
dependent on the U.S., we have initiated the efforts for Europe as well, but U.S. market alone, 
once we get the approval, which could add at least $5 million just for one product. 
And the other one would be about another $4 million to $5 million. So, these two products itself 
will give us $10 million in terms of new revenues coming out of our Cuddalore site. And this is 
one of our specializations is in the polymer-based chemistry because what we look at is more 
from a therapeutic, we look at the complexity of the product, whether it is in the process 
manufacturing or it is in the polymer. 
Utsav Jaipuria: 
 
So typically, how many players would there be in these markets in these polymers based... 
Jitesh Devendra: 
In the polymer-based chemistry as a pure-play API company, right? There are only two 
companies who have current approved DMS and selling polymer-based products and one is 
Solara. 
Utsav Jaipuria: 
Okay. That's great. Secondly, so for API companies have reported very strong export sales 
during the quarter. And our growth has been relatively muted when compared to them so, is 
there any reason that you could point out, particularly for this? 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Jitesh Devendra:  
Your question is related to our regulated market sales only being 72%. 
Utsav Jaipuria: 
 
Yes. 
Jitesh Devendra: 
But historically, also our when we say regulated markets, right, when we classify this into North 
America, Europe and then in Asia, Japan, South Korea. These are some of the regulated markets. 
And this percentage has been historically around that much 70% to 75%. We have a very small 
presence in semi-regulated markets. And that is also very important for us because it's not a spot 
business. It's a long-term customer relationship, what we have had. So, our regulated market 
business will be at 75% and once the Vizag and the Cuddalore approval comes, the 75% can 
become 77% or 78%, but it will be around that range only. 
Utsav Jaipuria: 
 
So, when do you expect the Cuddalore facility to be approved? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
See, as per the GDUFA III guidelines, a company can write to the U.S. FDA for asking for 
reinspection of the facility and we have done that. And we are hoping now in the recent wave, 
we have seen many companies who are in the warning letters, their warning letters have been 
cleared, but they're actually inspecting that gives us a positive outlook that we could have 
inspection probably in this financial year itself, if not in the first half. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Total Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, my first question is on balance sheet, right? For the FY '24, how do we see the debt reduction 
from INR1,000 crores, both short term and long term put together how are we looking at from 
FY '24? 
Subramaniam Hariharan: But there will be marginal reduction in the net debt compared to the current level and we don't 
expect any substantial reduction because we are preserving the funds for the growth also. So, 
whatever the funds we generate will be balanced between the debt reduction and the fund 
allocation for the capital growth. From INR1,000 crores, we expect that there will be around 
10% reduction in the debt level. 
Jitesh Devendra: 
And of course, our net debt to EBITDA, if you compare the FY '22 to FY '23. It's been a 
significant reduction. We were at 10 plus and now we are at 6%. And our aim is always to bring 
it down. And you will see that the net debt to EBITDA also will be going down in FY '24. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
 
Right. That's primary because EBITDA will go up. 
Management: 
 
Right, yes. Correct. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, second question is, so you indicated from H2 onwards, will kind of strive to go back to 
earlier levels at which the company was operating. So, are you talking more from a volume 
perspective or absolute top line perspective? Can you throw some light on that? And also, you 
can talk about that with the gross margin level, I think we have always operated around 49%, 
50% kind of gross margin. We are already there. So, is there any scope for further improvement 
in gross margin from there? 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, year as a whole, right, we are aiming at maintaining at 50%. And as I mentioned, we are just 
waiting for these new product approvals to come. I mean, just to give you a flavor of it, if the 
Cuddalore reclassification happens, at least we can see one of those key products on the polymer 
side, we could have a good amount of sales in the second half. 
And there, the gross margin levels are anywhere between 50% to 55%. So, we are focusing on 
all the volume of products and the new products will definitely have a higher gross margin. But 
when you look at a weighted average of the existing and the new products, it will be at about 
50%. 
The other part is the CRAMS business, of course, comes with a significant higher gross margin 
compared to the generic API business, right? We are making efforts in terms of the CRAMS. 
We did see a growth, but significant growth in CRAMS will come in FY '25 or FY '26 because 
we are seeding now, and the commercial supplies takes some time, and we could see growth in 
terms of the revenue as well as a higher gross margin. But at least for FY '24, the year as a whole, 
we are confident to be that closer to the 50% level. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Question on whether we are looking at going back to earlier volume levels because the reason 
I'm asking this question is that of the board because of the RM price correction, API prices have 
also gone down. So, your realization also would not be the same... 
Moderator: 
 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Desai, your audio was breaking up. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, my question is that we indicated that we would want to go back to the earlier levels from 
second half onwards. So, are we talking in terms of volumes because realizations year-on-year 
at least would have gone down because RM prices are corrected and combined with the API 
prices also would have corrected? So, some guidance on that? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
There's a mixture of revenue as well as, the EBITDA. It's a mixture of both. Let's say, EBITDA 
is going to increase, and the revenue is going to be a new point, but the revenue also will increase. 
And our focus is only more in terms of how we realign our product mix where overall, we make 
a 50% gross margin. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And earlier with very similar gross margin we used to make around 20% EBITDA margin. 
So, is that kind of a realistic number to look at? Or more realistic number would be 15%, 17% 
kind of... 
Jitesh Devendra: 
No. See, as I said, no, we want to get back to our historical levels. So yes, we have plans where 
we will be at high teens, or we'll be at 20%. But it's going to be a combination of just not FY 
'24, but it will be also FY '25 because if you look at the year as a whole, when you look at an 
outgoing second half and more so with the Q4 of FY '24, then we will be in the high teens 
number. 
But yes, our focus is always to see how we can get to the 20% and then always work on 
improvement of the EBITDA margins. And we have done that in the past, and there is no reason 
for us not to believe that we cannot get there. 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Dhwanil Desai: 
But just a follow-up on that. So, from where we are today to where we will be in FY '24 Q4, do 
we see gradual improvement moving towards those high teens number? Or will it come only in 
H2? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
Yes. You will see year as a whole, when you compare FY '24 to FY '23, you will see better 
number in terms of the EBITDA percentage. So yes. 
And as I said, over the next few quarters, we'll be able to then come out and probably give a 
guidance as to how we are doing. Because there are some moving parts which we want to just 
finalize. 
One of them being the reclassification of the Cuddalore OAI facility then getting the new 
products triggered by our customers. And these new products, which we also filed from Vizag. 
But also, we will see those validation quantities going to be picked up by the customer. 
So, all the actions, what we have already undertaken now is only about the result. And probably 
over the next few quarters, we'll be able to guide better. But year-on-year, there will be an 
improvement in both in revenue, EBITDA as well as the EBITDA percentage. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Vedant Aryan Khaitan from Konark Investments. 
Vedant Aryan Khaitan: 
So, congrats on the Solara 3.0 strategy and the improvement of financials. I just wanted some 
guidance on what really changed between 2021 and today in terms of the business because you 
said you had done the base? And how do we expect to get back to earlier levels historically as 
you mentioned? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, if I understand your question, you're asking, what is going to change from 2021 to present 
financial years, correct? 
Vedant Aryan Khaitan: 
What really changed for the dip in the financial performance? And what are we doing to get 
back to the current level? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, the different financial performance, let me comment more in terms of what we are doing that 
will get back to our historical levels. And from there onwards, the growth. We did mention the 
focus areas, right? And it all comes down to the execution of our focus areas, that is the growing 
the existing business, the new products the CIP plan and building our CRAMS business. 
I think these are our four key areas, and a subset of that is the enhanced capacity utilization at 
Vizag. So, we are focusing on these four growth pillars as we call it. And we are very confident 
that all the actions, what we have planned for these four areas, will yield in better results in the 
coming years. And we've already seen that in FY '23, you will see that in FY '24 as well as in 
the years coming forward. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, if you can talk about how has been the movement in realization of some of our key products, 
including Ibuprofen over the past year? 

 
 
 Solar Active Pharma Sciences Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Jitesh Devendra: 
So, we don't give specific realization product by product. But as you can see, the margins 
improving, so the realization of our overall product mix is getting better. 
Ankit Gupta: 
 
Got it. And how much is Ibuprofen contributing to our top line? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
Again, we don't give that number in terms of our Ibuprofen vertical, how much it contributed. 
It's a very sensitive information. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Let's say but if you can just give a ballpark number, let's say, like have we reduced our 
dependence on Ibuprofen over the past 2, 3 years or it remains the same? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
We are growing our Ibuprofen business because Ibuprofen for us is just not one product. There 
are multiple products in Ibuprofen itself. And our growth in Ibuprofen products as well as non-
ibuprofen products both are growing at probably the at the same percentage. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And so, you like, how do you see this, the product mix changing or remaining the same over the 
next 2, 3 years? 
Jitesh Devendra: 
No, the product mix is not going to remain the same because we are also going to file new 
products. So, as we said, we are improving the R&D velocity and we are focusing more on the 
quality of filing rather than the quantity. So yes, the product mix. it's just a funnel approach, 
right? Because every new product we file, then we see the commercialization happening in 2 or 
3 years. So that's the momentum we are driving forward from a product mix perspective. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And my last question is about the guidance for growth over the next year or so. So how do you 
see the growth in the top line for FY '24 and '25? 
Subramaniam Hariharan: It will be in the similar lines of FY '23 or better. 
Ankit Gupta: 
 
Okay. thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for their closing comments. 
Jitesh Devendra: 
Thank you, again, everyone, for joining the Solara's call, and we look forward to our next call 
post our Q1 results. Thank you and have a great day. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Solara active 
Pharma Sciences Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
