 
aa 
PI Industries Ltd. 
Corporate Off.: Vipul Square, 5th Floor, B-Block, Sushant Lok, Phase I, Gurgaon – 122009, Haryana, India. Tel.: +91-124-679000 
Regd. Off.: Post Box No.20, Udaisagar Road, Udaipur – 313001, Rajasthan, India. Tel.: +91-294-2491451-5, 6651100, Fax: +91-294-2491946 
Email: info@piind.com, www.piindustries.com, CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 
PI External 
 
 
PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:23: 2023-24 
May 26, 2023 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
              
Corporate Relationship Deptt. 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Code No.523642 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Code No. PIIND 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of 
Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, May 19, 2023 to discuss the Audited Financial 
Results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2023. The link to access the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call is https://www.piindustries.com/investor-
relations/co-go/Concal-Transcript.  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sonal Tiwari 
Company Secretary 
 
SONAL 
RAMANAND 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
SONAL RAMANAND 
TIWARI 
Date: 2023.05.26 
14:49:44 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
 
 
PI Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY23 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 19, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference 
Call of PI Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
"*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Solanki. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on PI Industries’ Q4 & FY23 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we are joined by Senior Members of the Management Team including: 
• 
Mr. Mayank Singhal – Executive Vice Chairman and Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Rajnish Sarna – Joint Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Manikantan Viswanathan – Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Mr. Prashant Hegde – CEO, Agchem Brands 
• 
Mr. Atul Gupta – CEO, CSM Agchem  , and 
• 
Mr. Anil Jain – MD, PI Health Sciences 
We will begin the call with key perspectives from Mr. Singhal. After that, we will have 
Mr. Manikantan share his views on the financial performance of the Company. After 
that, the forum will be open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on today's 
conference call may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the investor presentation shared with you earlier and available on 
stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to request Mr. Singhal to share his perspectives with you. Thank 
you. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for taking out the time to join us today. We 
have assembled to review the fourth quarter and annual performance of the 
Company. 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
 
 
 
FY2023 witnessed unprecedented challenges. Global economic activities 
experienced a widespread, sharper-then-anticipated slowdown, and inflation has 
risen. The cost-of-living crisis, tightening financial conditions in most of the global 
regions followed by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and the lingering effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic have all hurt the economic outlook. 
Against this backdrop of the overall business and operational environment of 2022-
23, I am very pleased to report that we have delivered on our ambitious financial 
targets, revised upwards in Q3. Team PI has excellently continued the growth 
momentum of revenue and EBITDA during Q4 and for the full year '22-23. This 
growth came despite the aforesaid challenges in the last year's high base both in 
domestic and exports. I thank all PI team members for their winning spirit and our 
business partners for their continued support and trust in our relationships. 
PI model continues to deliver. Year-on-year, our revenue growth for FY23 came in 
at 23% with an EBITDA increasing by 35% and a profit after tax of 46%. Further, a 
laser sharp focus on net working capital management significantly improved the cash 
flow from operation activities to nearly 3x of that of FY22.  
Given our growth disposition, we delivered a healthy accretion to free cash flows and 
investments in capacity creation and new research. In line with the continuity of 
superior delivery of results, the Board of Directors have recommended a dividend of 
Rs. 5.50 per share (face value Rs.1) thereby giving a shareholder total dividend of 
Rs. 10 per share for the year FY22-23. 
I will also take this opportunity to convey yet another milestone in PI’s journey. With 
the twin acquisitions in the pharma CDMO and CRO space announced on 27th April 
2023, these acquisitions mark a solid and accelerated beginning of the PI journey in 
the pharma space. Our unique ability to build concrete offerings from abstract 
situations and leveraging our capabilities across the complex chemistries in the value 
chain and business processes will continue again to create a differentiated value 
proposition to our stakeholders. 
With the advanced range of crop-protection brands, the domestic business has 
thrived at a 12% annual growth with 8% volume, and 4% price increase in FY23. Our 
new launches in the recent few months have witnessed good acceptance with a 
portfolio of new brands and brand launched over the past few years, we have 
established leadership in the respective categories. During FY23, we delivered one 
of the highest number of launches of new brands in the industry in a year. We have 
a strong pipeline of products at different stages of development and continue to 
enhance our portfolio with a differentiated offering. 
India exported $24 billion plus worth of chemicals in FY22, the highest level achieved 
since the year 2015. In another 15 years or so, India is expected to have a chemicals 
market of $850 billion to $1,000 billion accounting for about 10% to 12% of global 
share. Specialty chemical exports from India are slated to scale 10x between 2023 
to 2030 in line with the growing consumption in the consumer, agri and industrial 
space. As per CRISIL, Indian Ag-Chem is slated to grow 10% to 12% in FY24 with 
exports accounting for 50%. Concurrently, the China+1 phenomenon and the decline 
of the EU as a chemical industry powerhouse will support growth for India. India is 
naturally well placed to absorb this new demand on account of development of the 
value chain backed by its finesse in chemical engineering and technologies. 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
In the recent past, the specialty chemicals industry has been witnessing some 
headwinds with the US seeing recessionary pressures and Brazil expecting elevated 
channel inventories. Similarly, demand for the agrochemicals is said to be getting 
lower in the EU and China as well, but all this is more relevant to the generics and 
more matured products in the market.  
PI, which is mainly engaged in the early-stage molecules, the demand scenario for 
such products largely remained unaffected given the inherent nature of its model. 
We continue to work with partners for the global requirement for their new molecules.  
PI has meticulously developed the business model over the years that works best 
for the innovators and ensures high quality and timely supply of next-gen products 
to global requirements. The quality and the quantum of order book and the pace of 
inquiries, testify to our renown for developing advanced solutions. Over the years, 
we have diversified our client engagement to cover newer markets, products/, crops, 
segments. PI's competitive advantage lies in technological edge, world-class 
infrastructure ensuring sustainable operations, and enduring relationships with 
global innovators/large MNCs . 
I am confident of the underlying momentum in our core businesses and expect the 
Company to deliver an 18% to 20% growth momentum with better margins in FY24. 
The pace of commercialization of new molecules has increased year-on-year, which 
is apparent in our performance. We expect to continue this pace with 4 to 5 
molecules yearly and record scale-ups of existing molecules.  
Our recent foray into the pharma CSM, through announced acquisitions presents a 
well-defined pathway into the pharma ecosystem with the help of integrated 
approach from R&D starting materials, API, and single-stop solutions to our 
customers. 
Once again, ESG remains the core of our initiatives. It is a way of life at PI. I am 
pleased to report that team PI received several accolades during the year 
reorganizing our long-term quality, CSR, and safety programs. PI is committed to 
inclusive and responsible growth aligning with the SDGs and creating a long-term 
sustainable solution towards the purpose of reimagining a healthier planet. 
With that, I now conclude my remarks and would like to invite the CFO – Mr. 
Manikantan, to take you over the statements of financial performance. Over to you, 
Mani. 
Manikantan V: 
Good afternoon to everyone and thank you for joining us on the call today. 
I will be summarizing the Company's “Financial Highlights” for the fourth quarter and 
full year ended 31st March 2023.  
Please note that all comparisons are on a year-on-year basis and refer to 
consolidated performance of the Company. 
During Q4 FY23, we reported a revenue of Rs. 15,656 million, a growth of 12% over 
the same period last year. This was driven by growth in exports revenue by 15% to 
Rs. 12,814 million and 1% increase in domestic revenues to Rs. 2,842 million.  
The export revenue growth of 15% was led by price and a favorable product mix of 
17% offset by volume decrease of 2%. Domestic growth of 1% year-on-year was 
driven by volume increase of 2% offset by a price decrease of 1%. Our gross margin 
improved by 74 basis points to 45% due to favorable product mix. EBITDA increased 

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
by 13% to Rs. 3,440 million for the quarter driven by operating leverage benefits and 
tight control on fixed overheads. 
Profit after tax increased by 37% to Rs. 2,806 million is attributed to EBITDA growth 
despite high depreciation. Cash flow from operations before tax during Q4 FY23 was 
Rs. 5,729 million. This was due to higher EBITDA and efficient working capital 
management. The trade working capital in terms of number of days of sales reduced 
to 79 days vis-a-vis 103 days as on 31st March FY22. 
Let me cover the “Annual Performance” for FY23: 
Revenue was Rs. 64,920 million, a growth of 23% over FY22. This was driven by 
solid growth in export revenues by 26% to Rs. 50,304 million and 12% increase in 
domestic revenues to Rs. 14,6165 million. 26% growth in exports was driven by scale 
up of existing products and introduction of 4 new products. The growth was led by 
volume growth of 11% and 15% from price and favorable product mix. Revenue 
growth of 12% in the domestic segment was driven by a price increase of 4% and 
balance from volume growth. 
Rising input costs were offset by efficiencies and price increase in exports and 
domestic. EBITDA increased by 35% to Rs. 15,489 million for the year. Favorable 
product mix and significant increase in operating leverage reflected an improvement 
in the EBITDA margin by 223 basis points to 24%. Profit after tax improved by 46% 
to Rs. 12,295 million on account of ETR (effective tax rate) improvement of 14.9% 
due to growth in export revenue. 
Our balance sheet further strengthened during the year. Net worth increased to         
Rs. 71,985 million as on 31st March 2023. Total CAPEX for FY23 stood at Rs. 3,385 
million and is in line with the plan. Inventory levels also reduced in terms of days of 
number of sales approximately to 79 days to Rs. 13,976 million. The Company repaid 
its entire ECB loan during FY23 and maintained its strong liquidity position. Cash 
generated from operations before tax during FY23 was Rs. 17,572 million vis-a-vis 
in FY22 of Rs. 7,038 million including efficient working capital management leading 
to significant improvement in the cash position. 
That concludes my opening commentary. I will now request the moderator to open 
the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will take our first question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
My first question is that we acknowledge that inventory situation for generics is much 
more as compared to innovative product, but keeping that in backdrop, a volume 
decline of 3% in this quarter, if you can throw some light, are you seeing a change 
in production schedule of customers and are you also seeing that there is a 
commentary which is suggesting that deferment of procurement by farmers? And in 
that backdrop, how is the volume momentum looking over the next few quarters? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, as you explained, the backdrop of falling generic prices given the overall 
inventory in the channel  is fine, but in case of the products that we operate in the 
early-stage molecules, we are not currently witnessing any kind of significant change 
in the demand scenario for us going forward. As far as Q4 volume decline that you 
are referring to, this was in line with the annual plan because there were supplies 
scheduled of different products for different customers in Q1 to Q3, and accordingly 
as per the planned schedule, certain quantities were scheduled in Q4. Therefore, 
volume degrowth and the overall value in Q4 is absolutely in line with our plan. In 
fact, overall FY23 , we have finally delivered better than what we had anticipated for 

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
this year for our exports, and this is obviously based on the surge in some of the 
existing and new products that we commercialised.  
 
Going forward, in the coming quarters as we have also guided again, we are seeing 
a similar trend. We are expecting 18% to 20% growth. Yes, in certain quarters, this 
growth may be higher. In certain quarters, again, basis the schedule, growth may be 
a little lower than 18% to 20%. But overall, for the year FY24, we are very confident, 
and we have a very clear visibility of growing this business by close to 20%. I hope 
this answers your question. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
One bookkeeping question, sir. When we look at the export database, that and what 
numbers PI has reported, there is clearly a difference of about $50 million. In terms 
of revenue recognition, do we recognize the revenue once the shipment reaches, or 
it is based on the export? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This is the basis of different incoterms with different customers and different 
contracts with different customers. Revenue recognition is in accordance with the 
accounting standards. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
As a ballpark, which is the large part? After it reaches or when it is shipped? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
As I told you, this is according to the incoterms and contracts with different 
customers. Obviously, it is not in front of me to tell you what percentage is to what 
kind of incoterms. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Final question is on margin if you can throw some light. We saw sequential margin 
compression. How should we think about margin going into FY24? What are the key 
monitorable that we should look for? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Margins, again, if you see in Q4, there is a dip of close to 2.5% in gross margin and 
that is directly linked to the product mix. As I said earlier, different quarters will have 
different product mix while in Q3 or Q2, the product mix was different. Even the 
business composition was different. In Q4, it was slightly different and that the gross 
margin dip is clearly reflecting the product mix change. Besides, this being the last 
quarter of the year, there are also annual provisions and charges and there were 
also one-offs pertaining to some of the strategic initiatives that we were taking 
throughout the year. That is even less than or around 1% or so. I would consider that 
to be a one-off kind of case. Going forward FY24, we are expecting to certainly 
improve our overall FY23 margins. It would be difficult for me to quantify it, but yes, 
as the volumes, and values are expected to grow by 18% to 20% operating leverage 
benefits and some qualitative improvements in the product mix, will help further 
improve EBITDA margins going into FY24. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
My final question is on CAPEX, sir. How should we look at the number combined 
CAPEX for even the acquired assets in FY24 and FY25? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
As we guided in the last quarter, we have carried over CAPEX of close to Rs. 300 
odd crore. We are also expecting to do another Rs. 600 odd crore CAPEX in the 
core business areas. So overall, close to Rs. 850 crore to Rs. 900 crore of CAPEX 
we are seeing in the Ag-Chem business areas. In case of pharma, we are still to get 
into the depth of assessing the current stage but, tentatively, around USD 10 million 
to Rs. 12 million is what we are projecting in FY24 and these pharma-related 
numbers will get firmed up once we take full control of these acquired entities. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
Vivek Rajamani: 
One clarification and one question from my side. Just an extension to the previous 
participant's question on the margins. You mentioned that the dip in this quarter was 
because of the product mix. I just wanted to clarify; does this product mix typically 
happen in the Q4? Because, in the last couple of years as well, the Q4 margins have 
gone a bit below the previous quarters. So, just wanted to check if this is a Q4 
phenomenon normally or it is just something that specifically happened in this year? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
I will not say this is a very normal or a regular phenomenon, but yes, every year the 
scheduling of the product may undergo some change depending on the specific 
markets or customers or product-specific requirements, but yes, the product mix may 
vary year to year. There is no fixed trend or there is no specific trend on this for a 
specific quarter. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
The second question was more on CAPEX. Even after the recent acquisition, we still 
have a lot of firepower with respect to your balance sheet and cash. Just looking 
slightly beyond FY24 and FY25, could you just maybe provide some color with 
respect to your more medium-term ambitions with respect to how you are thinking of 
deploying this cash? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We have several strategic initiatives identified for the long-term growth of the 
organization and obviously this cash on the balance sheet will get deployed over the 
years as we progress on some of these initiatives. These initiatives include Pharma 
bolt-ons, strengthening our product portfolio in the domestic market. As you know in 
the past we have been evaluating, looking at, and are still looking at some of the 
opportunities of near-shoring and expanding our global manufacturing footprint going 
beyond India. So, yes, there are several of these strategic objectives that we have 
clearly identified, and we are actively evaluating several inorganic opportunities to 
meet these objectives.  As we will eventually zero down on some of these 
opportunities, we will keep deploying the cash on the balance sheet. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj Finserv 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
My first question is a clarification on the growth guidance between the 18% to 20%. 
This is excluding the pharma CDMO consolidation that will happen, or this is 
including that? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This is excluding the pharma consolidation. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
A follow up to that is, if I look at your FY23 revenues which have grown at 23% and 
the CSM exports basically have grown at 26%. A large part of that also came from 
the benefit of currency depreciation. What kind of volume growth if I may ask that 
you are looking at in FY24? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
I would say it will be broadly the volume growth that we are indicating, 18% to 20%, 
because we are not expecting a significant price movement or currency movement 
from here. So, yes, it is majorly coming from volume growth. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Is there any skewness probably towards H1 or H2? You are seeing depending on 
the client orders and all, will it be back ended, or it will be even out during this year? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
There is no major skewness that we see here. The domestic business is majorly in 
the first half, at least 60% of it. When we talk about exports, it is evenly distributed in 
H1 and H2. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Last question from my side is how should one look at the tax rates for FY24 and 
FY25? 

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
Manikantan V: 
For the current year, it is 14.9%; however, for the next year, it will be between 15% 
and 16%. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, the first question is on the pharma acquisition. Is it possible to give broadly what  
kind of asset turns both Archimica and TRM have and what kind of incremental 
projects that they are working on? 
Anil Jain: 
As Rajnish said in the initial discussions, we are in the phase of detailing it right now. 
One transaction is closed; the other is under process right now. So, it will take some 
more time for us to assess that part, I think.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
The second question is particularly from the domestic market. We have been hearing 
that there is a good amount of channel inventories in the system and an influx of 
China generics. Will that also have an impact on our products based on the last one 
and half months of placements that we have done for the kharif season. 
Prashant Hegde: 
Channel inventory we are maintaining as per our practice and strategy which we 
have been doing for the last few years. I do not see any abnormality in the channel 
inventory for us. Whatever growth we are forecasting for Q1, we are optimistic and 
positive about that. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Just to add to this, PI is in any case into specialized products and not so much into 
generics and me-too kind of products. So, this steep fall in pricing or channel 
inventory that is being talked about is not much relevant for us. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Praful Kumar from Dymon Asia. Please 
go ahead. 
Praful Kumar: 
CAPEX number for next year. What is that? Rs. 1,000 crore is what you are saying? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, around Rs. 900 crore. 
Praful Kumar: 
Secondly, sir, in terms of your acquisition plans. You said there are a few other 
opportunities that you are working on. Broadly, I wanted to understand exactly what 
space, geographies, or alignment to the business they will be? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
That's what I was explaining to the earlier participants. For example, there are certain 
other technologies that we are evaluating to further strengthen our portfolios of 
marketing and distribution space. There are opportunities that may also help us 
derisk our manufacturing concentration in India and have a more global 
manufacturing footprint near-shoring the markets and all. There are also 
opportunities that may add more value and help us further strengthen our pharma 
business model, could be the bolt-ons to that. So there are different opportunities 
and to meet our long-term objectives, we will be evaluating and suitably deploying 
our cash on the balance sheet in some of these areas. 
Praful Kumar: 
Finally, Sir, on the asset turn that you incrementally deployed would be similar to 
what asset turn we have currently, or these are better opportunities? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This would surely be our objective, but as you can imagine that whenever you get 
into a new business area or new asset, you will have to make some development 
spend but after that initial period of integration, yes, this will be our objective to 
improve on our current financial metrics including asset turns, margins, asset returns, 
and all. 

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from line of Ankur from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Sir, the first question on the CSM side. If you can highlight the revenue contribution 
from let us, say the newer products which we would have launched over the last few 
years or the freshness index that you usually share in terms of the ramp-up? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
New products commerciased over last 4-5years , 17% to 18% is the revenue coming 
from those products.Generally, that is the metric we look at. 
Ankur: 
And if I am not wrong, last year this number was around 15% to 16%. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, 16% to 17%. 
Ankur: 
Sir, on the domestic side as well, while on an overall basis, there is a pricing and 
volumetric growth and you have mentioned an 8% odd growth for the full year, how 
has been the ramp-up there from the new products and the older ones? And an allied 
question to that; is there any down-trading or any slowdown in terms of the uptick in 
sales? 
Prashant Hegde: 
Overall, in terms of new products, it will continue to grow. We do not see any 
challenge on the products which we have launched. These are very specialized 
products and there is a requirement in the market. That is why we strongly feel even 
this year as well, these products continue to do well.  
Ankur: 
Just a follow up if I may. The working capital reduction that we have seen, an 
impressive performance there, should we expect that to sustain going ahead as well, 
especially on the inventory side? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
I would say, by taking some initiatives, we have significantly reduced the working 
capital particularly on the inventory side as you may know that for the last 1 to 1.5 
years because of COVID and uncertainties in supply chain, shipping lines, etc., we 
were operating at higher inventory levels and working capital levels. By taking these 
initiatives, a significant part of it we have already normalized in the last couple of 
quarters. There is still some room and, on both sides, domestic as well as exports 
side, we will be working on it. There is some scope for improvement, but yes, I would 
surely exercise caution to not extrapolate from the current levels of improvement. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
I just wanted to broadly understand when customers are asking for more near 
shoring of capacity, I would assume the cost of manufacturing or CAPEX cost would 
be a bit higher if you were to make the same product in Europe or in the US. What 
is the key reason for having this near shoring? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Near-shoring may have many strategic advantages. One is that some of the strategic 
projects they may want to have closer to their sites, closer to their markets, plus near-
shoring also helps in overall supply chain management because there are other 
people and other suppliers also involved in a particular product. Therefore, from the 
overall supply chain efficiency point of view, they find it better to have some of the 
suppliers near-shoring or near the markets or their setups. Some of these reasons 
are there and obviously, as far as cost is concerned, from our point of view, we would 
always want to retain the cost advantage that we have been operating.. 
Madhav Marda: 
The second question from my side is when we look at our pipeline, you do mention 
the mix between agrochem and non-agrochem pipeline, but within the agrochem, for 
example, is the pipeline more to do with new patent that we are looking at or is it 

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
more intermediates? If you could give us a broad sense in terms of how does the 
pipeline mix look like? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
When I look at the two areas, it is more into the IP space whether it is new AIs or 
advanced intermediates. That is where we play with a little more complex in 
technological-related products. 
Madhav Marda: 
AIs and advanced intermediates are patented molecules, right? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
A mix of both. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, you have mentioned in the PPT the five innovative products we are going to 
launch in FY24. Can you talk about how many products are patented and any product 
is a very good product and in the high-opportunity segment? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
As we explained to the earlier participant that most of the products that we 
commercialized in our exports are early-stage molecules, be it AI or be it 
intermediate. And even in the domestic area, most of the brands that we introduced 
are specialty products. patent or no patent, but almost of them are specialty products 
and many of them are introduced in the Indian market for the first time  
Sumant Kumar: 
I am asking for the domestic market, branded. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, Domestic market  and many  are specialized products. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Any product you want to highlight? Likely to do well or high-opportunity area? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Most of these products whether it is Brofreya® or whether it is Sectin®. Prashant you 
may want to elaborate on it. 
Prashant Hegde: 
I don't want to get into a product very specifically, but I can say that these products 
we can do very well on wheat, we can do well on rice, we can do well on horticulture 
crops, and on top of it, we are adding few biological products and they are crop 
agnostic. They can move into many other crops. It is a mix of obviously biologicals 
as well as crop protection products. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Any exceptional item or forex loss and gain in other expenses this quarter? 
Manikantan V: 
The other expense in this quarter includes one-time forex impact due to repayment 
of ECB loan. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Any one-time expense in other expenses this quarter? 
Manikantan V: 
We have told that there are some one-time expenditures on account of the strategic 
initiatives as well as some usual year-end, provisions. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you quantify that? 
Manikantan V: 
Rs. 25 odd crore. 
Sumant Kumar: 
That is not going to continue in the next quarter. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, those are annual provisions, and the strategic initiatives are one-off. 

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Sir, if you can just explain to us that your revenue growth is coming despite volume 
not growing as much, the price hikes, how much of it is because of the product mix 
change and how much of it is you taking price hike? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We don't have this much detail in front of us, but as we explained, close to 11% of 
the growth rin our exports is from volumes and rest has come from change of product 
mix, price, currency, because we have seen all these things moving and also 
overlapping. It is very difficult to segregate price from product mix and then to 
currency. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
The primary reason we are asking this is that nowadays mostly we are in a bit of a 
deflationary environment whereas your numbers are pointing out as if you have been 
taking a lot of price hikes. So, I was just trying to understand whether it is actual price 
hike, or it is getting into some different product. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, there’s no price hike in the current scenario. If you talking about FY23, , yes, 
there was inflationary impact on the input material prices and as you know, our 
business model is that these inflationary impacts are passed through to the customer 
so that we can sustain the margins at which we are operating. And that was the 
reason of the price increase. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And a related question is that in your guidance you were really looking at the next 
year, i.e., FY24 as more driven by volume growth than 18% to 20% growth rather 
than a price increase. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, because we do not see this inflationary trend and the currency trend moving up 
from where we are today. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And at the same time, you are looking at better margins. So, it must be because of 
better utilization and operating cost savings. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, you are right. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Last thing I just wanted to understand, though you might have already explained that 
there is a step jump in CAPEX, and the Rs. 900 crore does not include the 
acquisitions, I assume. This step jump partly is because of the delayed deferred 
CAPEX. Is that right, sir? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, we are carrying over close to Rs. 300 odd crore from FY23 as we explained 
earlier. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And the benefit of this new CAPEX will be realized in FY25 onwards? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Vishnu Kumar from Spark Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Just a connected question from the previous participant. Are you currently seeing a 
deflationary trend starting to play out now? Some RM material that is coming off now 
and which you would have to pass on to your customers at a later part of the year? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
There is no common scenario here. It varies from product to product. As we were 
talking earlier, in the case of generics and in the case of many of these commodity 

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
chemicals, yes, there is a deflationary trend that we are witnessing. But yes, there 
are still several of these raw materials, where the prices are quite stable; in a few 
cases, even increasing. So, it is a very mixed scenario. But yes, as per our business 
model, whenever we see this kind of downward price improvements we  pass-
through these benefits to our customers.  
Vishnu Kumar: 
Earlier you used to say that a lot of efficiency gains we were bringing in terms of our 
manufacturing practices and hence we were able to increase revenue on volumes 
with a limited CAPEX. Where are we now? Have we maxed out that? And if you 
could also talk about your Rs. 300 crore carry over plus Rs. 600 crore this year? 
Also, next year, what kind of agrochem CAPEX you will be doing over the next 24 
months, and how many new multipurpose plants if you can give some commentary 
on this? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Over the last 2 years, we have taken a lot of initiatives towards increasing the plant 
throughput, improving the capital efficiency, and this is all reflecting in asset turns. I 
will not say that this magnitude of improvement will continue, but yes, there are a lot 
of opportunities still exit and our teams will keep working on further improving these 
efficiencies from here as well. 
 
What was the second part of your question? 
Vishnu Kumar: 
I just wanted to understand the nature of the CAPEX you are doing in Ag-Chem. 
Close to Rs. 900 crore including the carryover of previous year and whatever you 
have some plans in terms of putting in next year. What will be in the new 
multipurpose plants or what is the nature of CAPEX or how many new plants will be 
coming in? Any idea on it? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
A major part of this CAPEX is towards capacity expansion, and we are putting up 
two more multi-product plants. The other part of this CAPEX is towards further 
automation,qualitative improvement of these sites, R&D, and other technological 
upgradation of these plants. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
One clarification of a previous point you made. Sir, you mentioned that there are 
some contracts where you will recognize this is on revenue recognition, more to Mr. 
Mani sir. Are there any contracts where you have exported some volume, but it is 
still not reached to the customer? Only when it reaches more of a CIF basis, then 
only you will consider as revenue?  
Rajnish Sarna: 
As per the accounting standards, if there are contracts where you are producing 
exclusively for one customer and they also very specifically mention that you produce 
and keep this at the port or at some warehouse or something, sso, as per the 
accounting standards, those things are recognized accordingly. That is what I am 
saying that each contract, each product, there are different incoterms, there are 
different inventory terms, and supply terms. And accordingly, the revenue is 
recognized. But all this is done as per the accounting standards. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
On the pharma acquisitions, would it be possible to share some rough guidance 
regarding the sort of EBITDA contribution they could make in FY24? And one 
corollary to that; for TRM, we do not have the FY23 EBITDA. In case you have it 
handy with you, could you please share that as well? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We are still in the process, Abhijit, and as I told you last time, we are still to close 
TRM transactions, and currently the FY23 numbers are not readily available with us. 

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
But tentatively, our projections are anywhere between Rs. 550 crore to Rs. 600 crore 
kind of revenue. Again, it will all depend on when we close and when will these 
numbers get consolidated with PI, and 15% to 18% of EBITDA on that. 
Abhijit Akella: 
15% to 18% margin? Okay. I was under the impression that TRM was doing much 
better than that from the FY22 numbers. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, but there will also be development spend in the initial years and consolidation. 
We are also putting up our R&D site.  
Mayank Singhal: 
We are in the process of building a unique business model and acquiring and taking 
it to the next level requires significant development spend. Those investments will 
happen over the next couple of years whether it is in overheads or whether it is in 
structures or whether it is in building assets.. 
Abhijit Akella: 
The second thing was on the new product contribution. The percentage of revenues 
from the new products has been stable at around 17% to 18% for some time in the 
past. As we move into the next 3-4 years and try to bring down our product 
concentration within the agrochemical business away from the top molecule, how 
much confidence do we derive from the traction in the new molecules that we are 
moving in the right direction and what sort of improvement could we expect to see 
there? 
Mayank Singhal: 
The fact of the case is this is a constant pipeline of things that keep coming. There 
are peaks for each product, and at each different stage, different products take the 
lot. And if you look at the cycle of 15-20 years because that is the lifecycle of a 
product;. If you look at the history of the last 4-5 years, it is between that range of 
16% to 18% because that is the typical scale-up time lifecycle for a new product. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
And many of these new products that we have added to our portfolio, I would say 
both on the export side as well as on the domestic side, have significant potential. 
On the domestic side, some of these products are multicrop-by-segment products, 
not specifically for a single crop or a pest segment. They have a much larger market 
potential. Same way, on the export side as well, some of these are either AIs or 
intemediates of very large global molecules. So, yes, they have a very good market 
potential for growing big. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just one last quick thing. Slide #16 of the presentation talks about working with some 
global advisors for integration and transformation for value creation initiatives. If you 
could please shed some details on what direction are these initiatives towards, that 
would be helpful. 
Mayank Singhal: 
This is as you have seen in the pharma initiatives, we would need to get the various 
expertise and that is what we are doing.  
Rajnish Sarna: 
This will be towards the integration of these acquired entities and transforming them 
to build a differentiated model. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
S Ramesh: 
In terms of the outlook for the next year if you are looking at the entire top line growing 
in volume, how would you expect to maintain margins at 24%? Will there be some 
stability in margins per unit? Because the reason I am asking is if there is some 
decline in prices compared to the base of last year to the extent that there is a decline 
in the top line, the overall trend will be down. So, in terms of the margin outlook, can 
you give us some sense of what to expect? 

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
Rajnish Sarna: 
As explained earlier, we are expecting to improve on margins, and this will mainly be 
driven by operating leverage because we are expecting to grow 18% to 20% and 
there are also several initiatives that we are working on to further improve efficiencies 
around our manufacturing as well as on the marketing side. 
S Ramesh: 
On the pharma acquisitions, is it possible to indicate what is the timeline you would 
expect to bring the ROCE in line with your current blended ROCE? And can you give 
us some sense in terms of the development expenses you will have to incur both for 
development as well as integration cost, whatever broad estimates you can give? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
The kind of acquisitions and the differentiated model that we are planning to build, it 
will take anywhere between 2.5 to 3 years for us to get to the level where it will start 
matching margin and return profile that we have in PI today. 
Moderator: 
We will take our last question from line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, in our exports market, last year, we had roughly volume growth of 11% while 
balance was currency and product mix change. Sir, if you can just give some sense 
how much of this volume growth of 11% was primarily driven by pyroxasulfone the 
single product and how much would have been from the other products? And the 
guidance which you are giving for the current year, 18% to 20%, is it on net revenues 
or it is driven by volume? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Firstly, as we have discussed in the past, we cannot share product-related growth 
and volume. But the growth that we have seen in the last year is certainly 
widespread. It does not come from a single product. There are 4 new products we 
have commercialized in FY23. Apart from that, there are several existing products 
including the one that you are talking about which has scaled up. This is about FY23 
that we talk about. Going forward, FY24, again, the growth that we are projecting is 
volume growth. It is majorly coming from volume as I explained to the earlier 
participant. Because, we are not expecting a significant change in terms of 
inflationary impact on the raw materials or currency to this 18% to 20% growth or 
major driver for this growth will be the volume scale-up. And again, this will also be 
widespread; it is not going to be one odd product that will be driving this volume 
growth. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, the second question is about our cash flows. We have roughly Rs. 3,200 crore 
cash on the balance sheet as of now. I understand Rs. 700 crore will be paid for the 
acquisition. We are still left with Rs. 2,500 crore. You have an Rs. 900 crore CAPEX 
for FY24 that can be easily funded through the cash flows generated in the current 
year itself. Now, Rs. 2,500 crore cash we are sitting on the balance sheet. If you can 
give some guidelines on how soon we can deploy this cash in terms of further 
opportunities or any scaling up further CAPEX plan or inorganic growth? If you can 
give some sense on that, sir? 
Mayank Singhal: 
We are looking at opportunities as mentioned earlier and we'll continue to look but 
how soon is not a question that we can answer at the moment because it's got to be 
right opportunity which fits in and is in the strategic right path of PI's intent which is 
technology and scalability in the areas which we want to operate in and the right 
strategic fit. Clearly, the Company has a focus on it, the leadership is driving as 
mentioned earlier. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments.  

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
PI Confidential 
Mayank Singhal: 
Once again, thank you everybody for joining the call today. I appreciate your time 
and your continued support and look forward to a great year ahead. Thank you. 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
