T 
Q’H’Q‘\Hé‘hﬁ fofaes 
(¥RG WP H IUHH) 
e-assuring 
MSTC LIMITED 
INDIR 
(A Govt of India Enterprise) 
CIN 
: L27320WB1964G01026211 
MSTC/CS/SE/459 
24™ August, 2023 
1. The Dy. Manager (Listing) 
2. 
The Manager, Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001. 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
(Scrip Code: 542597) 
(Scrip Code: MSTCLTD) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/Analyst on Friday, 18% August, 
2023 at 12:30 P.M. 
A copy of transcript of conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is 
enclosed herewith for your information and records. 
Copy of aforesaid transcript is also hosted on company’s website www.mstcindia.co.in. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
o 
BBy 
For MSTC Limited 
* 
% § 
$ 
F 
3 
(Ajay Kumar Rai) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
www.mstcindia.co.in 
/ www.mstcecommerce.com 
Yoliga Frfed 
@ wie 
W. Wew 
18/2 wrf w. 
175 UepeH gRar 
1 
A =EeA drawEn 700156 .. 
Regd. Office 
: Plot No. CF18/2, Street No. 175, Action Area 1C,New Town, Kolkata-700156 W.B. 
AJAY 
KUMAR RAI
Digitally signed by 
AJAY KUMAR RAI 
Date: 2023.08.24 
13:25:06 +05'30'

“MSTC Limited 
Q1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 18, 2023 
52 equirus 
‘ 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar, Director (Commercial) - MSTC Limited 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar, Director (Finance) — MSTC Limited 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai, Company Secretary — MSTC Limited 
MODERATOR: 
Mr. Ansh Manek - Equirus Securities 

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Moderator: 
Ladies 
and 
Gentlemen, 
good 
day 
and welcome 
to MSTC 
Limited's Q1-FY24 
earnings conference call hosted by Equirus Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you 
to 
ask questions 
after the 
presentation 
concludes. 
Should 
you 
need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ansh Manek from Equirus 
Securities Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mr. Ansh Manek: Thank you. Good 
afternoon, everyone. On 
behalf of Equirus Securities Private 
Limited, 
| welcome you all to the Q1-FY24 earnings conference call of MSTC Limited. 
From the management, 
we 
have with 
us today, 
Mrs. 
Bhanu 
Kumar, 
Director 
(Commercial), 
Mr. 
Subrata Sarkar, 
Director (Finance), and 
Mr. Ajay Kumar 
Rai, 
Company Secretary. We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the 
management, and then we can open the line for questions and answers. 
| now hand 
over the call to Mrs. Bhanu Kumar. Over to you, madam. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you and thank you for giving us this opportunity 
to talk about our Q1 
results for FY 23-24. The key highlights of the performance 
during Q1 
is the revenue from operations which 
is about Rs.193.64 billion INR in 
terms of value of goods transacted through e-commerce and marketing. Marketing 
is, of course, a very, very minuscule percentage of this. This is on a standalone basis, 
and as far as consolidated basis, the revenue is Rs.199.76 crores. This, 
if we compare 
with the Q1 of last year, 2022-23, then there is an increase of 2.53%. 
And similarly, PBT of Q1 
is Rs. 82.56 crores in comparison to Rs. 80.55 crores during 
Q1 of 2022-23. Now, the highlight here 
is that last year during Q1, there was an 
abnormal increase in the rates of iron ore and scrap assets, which had fallen during 
the year, and now 
it is more on a steady platform. In fact, the iron ore prices have 
fallen by almost about 20% or so during the year. So, in spite of it, we are able to 
retain almost the same level of PBT. So, that is quite an achievement for us. 
Now, regarding the other highlights, we have successfully hosted the UDAN version 
5.0, fifth tranche of the initiative by the Ministry of Civil Aviation for connecting all 
the underserved airports. So, that has been very successful. And MSTC has been 
awarded the most efficient and 
profitable Mini-Ratna of the year 
in the non- 
manufacturing PSU 2022 Dalal Street Investment Joumnal. 
We have also done 
a lot of major mineral blocks, coal block auctions and major 
mineral block auctions in the Q1. So, major mineral blocks, we have successfully sold 
about 27 of them. And many major mineral blocks are in the pipeline as of date. Coal 
block also successfully sold 6. And many more, 
| mean, the repeat auctions are also 
being conducted now, and 
it will 
be done during the year. Now, 
as far as the 
financials are concerned, 
| will hand over 
the 
call to Mr. Subrata Sarkar. He will talk 
in detail about this. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: As you have heard from our Director Commerdial, 
it was almost a flatter trajectory. 
So, basically, 
in spite of reduction in the prices, with the higher volumes, we were 
able to manage that trajectory. So, on standalone basis, it is total revenue has grown 
from Rs. 93.86 cr to Rs. 100.63 cr, a growth of 7.22 %. And EBITDA has grown from 
Rs. 67.76 cr to Rs. 72.27 cr. PBT has grown from Rs. 66.12 cr to Rs. 70.56 cr. And profit 
after tax 
is almost on the same level, 
it 
is like from 
Rs. 43.85 cr to Rs. 44.57 cr. 
Accordingly, EPS shows a miniscule growth of Rs 6.23 to Rs 6.33. 
Page |2

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
And so far, consolidated financials are concerned, the total revenue has grown from 
Rs. 194.82 cr to Rs. 199.76 cr. EBITDA has almost remained the same from Rs. 86.85 
ar to Rs. 86.02 cr. And profit before tax is almost remaining the same on consolidated 
basis from Rs. 80.54 cr to Rs. 80.56 cr. And PAT is down a 
little bit from Rs. 54.29 cr 
to Rs. 50.61 
cr. And accordingly, EPS on consolidated basis is from Rs. 7.71 to Rs. 
7.19. And the cash profit is also a little bit down from Rs. 60.52 cr to Rs. 56.08 cr. So, 
it is all about from our side. Handing over to you for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to 
ask 
a question may press star then 
1 
on the 
touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you 
may press star and 
2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking 
a 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for 
a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Before we take the first question, 
I'd like to remind all participants to 
please limit your question to two per participants only. You may rejoin the question 
queue if you have a follow-up. 
We start with the first question from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equity 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Yash: 
Good afternoon. So, my first question is, could you give us the revenue mix for the 
e-auction in terms of product break-up? For example, coal or mineral for FY21, FY22, 
FY23, all the three financial years? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Product mix, especially of the e-auction, e-sale you want, right? 
Mr. Yash: 
Yes, whether it's coal or whether it's iron ore or whatever separate 
it is, but 
| want 
the product mix for all three years. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Right now, 
| don't have it, but one thing 
| can confirm is from the scrap sale, it is 
about 52% of the total revenue. 
| don't have the break-up immediately. 
Mr. Yash: Could you give me the break-up offline, possibly, later? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Yes, you can send a mail, we will definitely address that. 
Mr. Yash: Okay. So, what 
is your Coal 
India revenue percentage? What percentage of your 
revenue comes from Coal India? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: It's not on percentage basis, it is on event basis. 
Mr. Yash: No, 
| mean, for FY23, for example, what was the total revenue that you got from Coal 
India? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: See, 
| can't give you the exact numbers, but coal, as such, the number of events is 
going down because the policy has changed to some extent. Now, 
it 
is not mine 
specific or Coal India specific. So, because of that, the number of events that we used 
to carry 
in the past few years and what has happened now 
is definitely on the 
downward trend. So, the revenue is coming up, the exact numbers and all, 
| won't be 
able to give you. 
Mr. Yash: 
So, basically, you are telling me that the number of blocks of e-auction mines that are 
going to come on MSTC for auction is going to keep going down? 
Page|3

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
No, you are actually confusing between issues. For Coal India, we are selling their 
mined coal, right, for the blocks that are being mined by their subsidiaries. Coal block 
auctions, we are conducting for Ministry of Coal. There is a nominated authority who 
is conducting these coal block auctions. 
So, there again, whenever there 
is a successful auction of a particular block, then we 
get on the basis 
of that 
per event. 
So, that obviously depends on the market 
conditions, whether a particular block will actually be sold or not. 
Now, as far as Coal India 
is concerned, we are selling their coal through various 
schemes, through some linkage schemes and through normal spot auctions, forward 
auctions and all. So, that is again on event basis. 
Now, because of the change in policy, earlier they were doing these spot auctions on 
certain 
criteria, now there 
is 
a change 
in 
policy because 
of which there 
is 
an 
aggregation of coal 
in any one particular event. And the number of events that we 
carry out in a month has decreased. Earlier, we were carrying out, say, about 6 to 7 
events 
in 
a month. Now, 
it has come down to about 4. But that again 
is seasonal 
because depending on the supply-demand conditions for the country and especially 
the power sector, the coal under the linkage scheme can be increased or decreased 
and the rest, whatever is not sold through linkage, that only comes through spot 
auctions. 
So, there are a lot of factors. You cannot actually simply say that whether it is going 
up or coming down. These are things that cannot be predicted at all. 
Mr. Yash: 
The reason 
| am asking you this question is, in a recent statement, Coal India said that 
the e-auction is going to go up. That's what Coal India gave in their guidance. That is 
why 
| asked this question, madam. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
Now, what they mean 
is the quantum of coal that will be sold through auction 
is 
going up. But that doesn't mean there will be increase in the number of events. We 
charge on the basis of events. Suppose 
| am selling only about 1000 tons in one 
particular event. Suppose they want to sell 3000 events; my charges are the same. 
Mr. Yash: Okay, it's a fixed charge. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: It doesn't actually affect my earnings. 
Mr. Yash: 
Okay. Madam, although 
it is coming down, but could you please quantify as the e- 
auction volume would be largely constant on your platform? Or if the prices change 
or if the prices don't change, for example, 
if coal prices change or if coal prices don't 
change, does that affect the amount you charge on that particular event? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: It does to some extent, but we are not so much dependent on only the coal auction. 
So that is probably just a very small percentage of our total earnings. 
Mr. Yash: Okay. Ma'am, last question before 
| come back in queue. Would you be able 
to give 
any guidance as to how this is going to pan out? Because basically now, Coal India 
does all their auctions through you, right? Exclusively through MSTC? Or they use 
other platforms also? 
Page 
| 4

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: No. They have two service providers. And 
in fact, we are not getting majority of the 
auctions. The other service provider is getting about 60% of the auctions. So that 
has been the case for the past 4-5 years. 
Mr. Yash: 
So, the other service provider is a private or a PSU? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
It is a private party. 
Mr. Yash: So basically, 
all the government companies are not obliged to go through MSTC, 
right? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: No, there is no such mandate that government companies have to come to MSTC for 
all their requirements of e-commerce. Based on our credentials, we go, we market 
ourselves, we go and tell them that these are the features and facilities that we have. 
And these are the governing agencies who constantly monitor all the activities. 
Because of that, they are a little more comfortable with MSTC. 
It 
is not that people 
are bound to give their business only to MSTC. 
It is not like that. 
Mr. Yash: Understood, ma'am. 
| will come back in queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Before we take the next question, 
I would like to remind participants again 
to please limit your questions to 2 per participant only. You may rejoin the queue 
for your 
follow-up. The next question is from the line of Prakash Buva, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Prakash: Good afternoon, everybody. 
| want to make certain general suggestions. Because we 
are very, let's say, new to a government company, the setup and the organization, 
which is 2,000 kilometres away from Bombay. One small, very special request to you, 
all the board 
of directors, chairman and directors, 
is that you make an investor 
presentation one or two days before the con-call, not half an hour before the con- 
call. 
It 
is most inefficient and unprofessional to give the information just half an hour 
before the con-call. And the attention, the respect and the guidance given by the 
company secretary, Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai, 
is very pathetic and poor. He cannot reply 
with arrogance with our shareholders. 
See, 
| am a senior citizen and we have dealt with very great people like P.C. Alexander 
and great people. See, so you should not consider yourself above law. This 
is in 
general 
| am talking to you. And provide the address of every director on the board 
so that we can ask them the questions on email. We don't want anything special. 
And secondly, we are very sorry for the lack-luster performance of the company, flat 
performance of the company for the last quarter. Very bad 
it 
is. Secondly, can we 
know how many centres we are going to open? Scrapping centers 
all over the 
country 
and 
region-wise 
or east-west, 
north-south 
or state-wise. 
This 
is very 
important for the information of the shareholders. In the next three months or in the 
next six months. And what is the cost of opening every centre? This is very important. 
We do not have the basic information which is not available at the branch level also. 
So, this is my question. Secondly, how many vehicles are going to be scrapped in 
the next three months or six months? You may not have statistics, but can you give 
us some idea? So that we don't get a lag-luster performance of the company. 
Page|5

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Secondly, 
subsidiary 
companies 
sale. 
You 
always 
say 
that 
things 
are 
under 
discussion, things are under progress. Every report says that. Every quarterly report 
makes a statement like that. But what exactly is the status now? Is the sale already 
up now? Because the process is going on for the last more than one year. So, we 
would like to know. Is there likely to be a special dividend to the shareholders from 
the company? After sale of the subsidiary company is over. And secondly, 
| would 
request every director to provide the email address so that we can address our 
queries to them personally. And thank you, sorry. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Okay. First, let me assure you that whatever information is to be given is generally 
provided by the board of directors. It is not that we don't want to reply. And anyway, 
however, your suggestion that you want the presentation 
to 
be given well 
in 
advance, that is well taken. And we'll see to it that this is done for future. 
Regarding the email address and the contact details, these things are very much 
available in public domain 
in our company website. So, you can reach us any time 
over phone, over email. And we always answer each and every phone call. And each 
and every email is replied. So, that definitely for future. I'm sure that specific queries 
you can address there. 
Now, as far as regarding the FSNL case is concerned, you also may be aware that we 
may be holding the shares. But all the decisions are taken at the highest level by the 
Government of India. And most of those decisions, even we are not privy to such 
decisions. And we are not even present in those meetings. So obviously, we are not 
in a position to reply to investor queries on this. And as far as the other centres are 
concerned, 
| would request my colleague director to reply on the MMRPL centres. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: 
Good afternoon Sir. 
It is in the last concall also, and the earlier concall also, it is very 
difficult 
to tell how much expenditure we have incurred 
in setting 
a scraping 
collection and dismantling centre. Because at different locations and at different 
places, 
the 
cost 
remains fluctuating. Somewhere we can 
have 
a 
lesser 
cost, 
somewhere we have a bigger cost, more cost. Further, we decide upon the number 
of vehicles, what type of equipment has to be installed at that particular scrapping 
centre. 
Now, 
it 
is known 
as 
RVSF, 
Registered 
Vehicle Scrapping 
Facility. 
So, 
depending upon the regulations and all these things, to get a certificate and all these 
things, to comply with the regulations, equipment that are required to be kept there, 
so it keeps on increasing or decreasing our cost as such. 
So far, there are two types of things. One, at our scrapping facility, and there you 
must be knowing that government vehicle scrapping has already been mandated 
and 
it is being done through MSTC portal. So, right now, 
it is, as per our estimate, 
around 4000 plus vehicles are coming up in the forthcoming auction to be sold. And 
total vehicles, since March, 
have been sold, 
is 8586 to the Registered Vehicle 
Scrapping Facility, RVSF. So, that is the figure of the government vehicle that is being 
scrapped. And, yet to be scrapped, 
| have given around 4000 plus. 
It will be there 
and 
it will be auctioned. So, 
| hope 
| was able 
to satisfy your question, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshit Jain from RAH Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Page |6

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mr. Harshit: 
Thank 
you for the opportunity. Firstly, 
| would like to know, as per Mr. Nitin Gadkari, 
a statement came that there is total 31 centres which are currently open and current 
capacity 
is 9,30,000 cars. So, as per the comment given by Mr. Subrata Sarkar, we 
only auctioned 5000 vehicles and almost 4,000 to 5,000 vehicles are under pipeline. 
So, is this scrapping working on just 5% to 6% capacity utilisation? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Actually, what we are talking about here, the figure that we have given is based on 
the government vehicles 
only. 
See, MSTC 
has been mandated 
to 
sell 
all the 
government vehicles. So, the figure that we are giving 
is what 
is there, what has 
already been projected to us for sale. Now, such vehicles are just about 15,000 to 
20,000 within this current financial year. It's not going to be anything more than that. 
What the honourable minister has talked about 
is the capacity of all the RVSF put 
together. Obviously, for that, there has to be a lot of feeder stock from the private 
industry as well as individuals. For individuals, we have already launched a portal and 
we are conducting a lot of awareness campaigns and advertisements for individuals 
to approach and give their vehicles for scrapping. 
The issues that are faced by RVSF 
in respect of ATA centres not being there, 
a 
complete ecosystem 
is not available. 
It 
is not just about setting up the RVSF. You 
also need to have the automatic testing stations and you also need 
to have, 
especially for the government vehicles, there has to be 
a budget approval for 
replacing the vehicles for scrapping by new vehicles. Now, there is a mandate for 
going for electric vehicles. That kind of supply chain 
is again not available 
in the 
country. 
So, 
it is not just about demand and supply. 
It is also creating the entire ecosystem. 
So, those things are still at quite a nascent stage and unless we achieve some better 
facilities, this thing 
is going to take some time. 
I hope 
| was able to clarify your query. 
Mr. Harshit: 
 Through our portal, are the private vehicles also coming on our portal where we are 
earning 3% per vehicle? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: For private vehicles, we are not earning on those charges. We are just charging on 
some listing facility. 
It 
is more like almost a free service for the individuals of the 
country. Now, ifit is going to be some institutional seller, yes, there we will be getting 
some charges. But as far as individuals are concerned, you and 
|, we can just go and 
there will hardly be any charges for that. 
Mr. Harshit: 
 Okay, thank you so much. My other question would be a very humble request from 
my end, just 
like the previous participant and all other PSUs have been sharing their 
updates regularly with their investors, stakeholders on a regular continuous basis. 
But as in our case, you guys are not being investor friendly, not sharing any update. 
| have already given suggestions in 2-3 conference calls that can you please share 
monthly updates that what actually you guys are doing. Even we are working 
in a 
duopoly business, we are just MSTC and M-Junction are the sole platforms which 
are auctioning everything 
in 
India. 
But 
still, you are 
not able to leverage our 
company. So, may 
| know that what actually is hampering this and what actually is 
preventing you from sharing updates to investors as a whole? 
Page |7

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: 
| mean, which type of updates you are looking for, 
if you can guide us so we can 
consider or we can take it in step further again. 
Mr. Harshit: 
 Yeah. Because just now like, 
if you search Google, you will come to know that 
Hyderabad authorities sold somewhere around 7000 crore worth of lot through our 
portal. But you guys are not sharing. What actually you are doing? Spectrum auction 
you did it, and number of auctions, you are doing auctions for Unitech Group as well, 
more than 500 crore property. But you have been not being sharing any kind of 
update. 
| even requested Mr. Surendra Kumar Gupta two conference call back, that 
you can please share updates on a monthly basis. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Please try to understand MSTC conduct auction on daily basis all the 
auctions are 
fall withing the purview of ordinary course of business. SEBI has clearly mention that 
what information need to be provided so the normal auction and those auction for 
which information already been provided earlier are not being uploaded or provided 
on stock exchange sites,. So, whatever you are mentioning these things are normal 
for our operation. We cannot update each and every auction on the investor portal. 
Mr. Harshit: 
No, my only concern 
is that we are a good e-commerce company, we are almost a 
monopoly business, but we are not able to leverage our company. Nobody knows 
about our company, what MSTC is doing, what MSTC does. We are basically a scrap 
company as per investors. And secondly, whenever 
you deliver quarterly results, you 
show other income 18 crores, you show e-commerce 84 crores. When you go down, 
when you go to segment revenue, there e-commerce is mentioned 94 crores. So, 
why 
there 
is a mismatch? 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Which one, which one 
just tell me, where is there a mismatch, you tell me. 
Mr. Harshit: 
You can check these quarterly results, and in current results, in the standalone basis, 
you have mentioned Rs. 82.33 cr is your revenue from operations, and other income 
is Rs. 18.29 cr. But when you go to segment revenue, there you have mentioned from 
e-commerce, you have Rs. 94.05 crores, and from marketing you have Rs. 6.41 crores. 
So, we have been earning Rs. 94 crores through our operations, and you are showing 
Rs.18 cr from other income. Why there is a mismatch? 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Yeah, look, when we go for segmental reporting, you see that is for the total income. 
Here there 
is a break-up, revenue from operations and other income, when you 
report for our quarterly results. So, there will be a mismatch. There will be always a 
mismatch, because here the break-up of total income is given, here the break-up of 
only revenue from operations, and other income is given. There will be a mismatch. 
So, 
it is nothing to hide, or nothing to hide from the investor. 
Mr. Harshit: 
No, but 
| think this can be done in a more efficient and transparent manner, so that 
investor community as 
a whole can understand your results, because right now 
nobody 
is able to understand 
results, 
because everybody thinks e-commerce 
businesses are showing degrowth. But on the other hand, 
if you check segmental 
revenue, we have grown 12% from last year. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Okay, your suggestion 
is well noted. 
If 
it 
is feasible as per our disclosure norms, 
obviously we will look into the suggestion. 
Page |8

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mr. Harshit: 
And secondly, 
| just want to know that why are we paying 37% tax rates, because if 
we are paying more tax rates, next quarter you will again show an entry, so that you 
can adjust the same taxes again. So, what exactly is happening, because 
| am not 
able to see, 
| have been an investor in your company for 3-4 years, but this 
is a 
certain 
lag-luster 
performance, 
and 
no commitment 
given 
by your 
end, 
by 
management, by board of directors. Investors are just sitting idle. They don't know 
anything about your company, whether you can check books, whether you can check 
entries. Nothing comes up. And secondly, your answers 
are very vague. 
| am not able 
to get any darity. Even 
| asked you, in the previous quarter, you were not able to 
provide me satisfactory response. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: You 
asked 
about the commitment from 
the management. 
So, what type 
of 
commitment do you want from us, so that you will be confident? 
Mr. Harshit: 
Yes, to be more transparent. You need to show your books clean, because right now 
our books are not clean. Every quarter you show some entry. Every quarter you pay, 
some quarter you pay 9% tax, some quarter you pay 37% tax. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Just a minute. To be very frank and precise with you, whenever there is a write-up, 
then there 
is 
a tax 
rate that goes down. And write-ups are based on certain 
parameters. Every quarter we cannot make write-ups. Every debt cannot be written 
up, until and unless each and every hope is gone down. 
We have made provision for all the bad receivables that we have. We have cleaned 
up our books. Everywhere it is done. Now it is the point when we write-up and when 
we do not write-up. Write-up has got certain norms, until and unless we expect and 
hope 
that everything has gone out of this particular data. We cannot write it up from 
the books of account. You will also appreciate, like an analyst. So, that's the point. 
So, whenever the write-up occurs, we get 
a tax 
benefit. 
So, 
if you 
feel 
more 
darification, you can go for the mail channel and we reply on the mail also, detail 
reply. We can reply also through mail. Because one hour, 
| feel 
little time to just 
satisfy the investor queries. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Harshit, 
| am sorry to interrupt, but may 
| please request you to rejoin the queue 
for your call. 
Mr. Ajay Kumar: 
Mr. Jain, 
| would like to comment on the previous queries also, that he has raised 
certain queries that information has not been provided to him. 
| will request all the 
investors to understand that when the trading window is closed, we, the company 
secretary, cannot entertain the investor / shareholder or provide any information, 
the fact 
has been informed 
on various occasions. During the course of board 
meeting call from shareholders cannot be received or answered. Notice, regarding 
the board meeting 
is already hosted on stock exchanges as well as investor portal 
yet if any shareholders want to get information about why the financial has not been 
uploaded or when the same is going to be uploaded is according to me should not 
be asked and that to on the financial declaration date. The financial information 
is 
price 
sensitive 
information 
and 
the 
same 
will 
not 
be 
discussed 
with 
any 
shareholders/investor 
till the time trading window is closed. 
Similarly, if investment 
meet 
has 
been 
postponed, 
there 
must 
be some emergency, 
there 
must 
be 
something. We are all human beings, we are all running through a lot of problems, 
Page |9

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
so every time for every small things such as why the investor presentation has not 
been uploaded, why 
it has been postponed, when you are going to upload, when 
your board meeting 
is going to be finished off, this question cannot be answered. 
Investors and shareholders also must understand this small thing, they also need to 
have patience and check investor portals instead of calling company secretary for 
each and every small issues. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Harshit, 
| would request you to rejoin the queue for your follow-up. 
The next question 
is from the line of Mr. Shriniwas Reddy an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr. Shriniwas: 
 Good aftemoon, everyone. Regarding, the suggestions by the earlier person, 
| think 
it is better instead of the company management, answering on individual basis, you 
can in your website, investors relations, put all these questions and then answer, so 
that everyone of us will be on the same page, instead of trying to repeat the same 
answer for the different investors from the company management perspective. So, 
all the previous, whatever the questions or emails you will be receiving from the 
investors, 
if you can answer them 
in 
a transparent way for the benefit of all the 
investors. 
It will be good for the company, brand building, for the valuation as an e-commerce 
company, for the company, because as the earlier spokesman has clearly stated, 
| 
have been asking this from past 10 years, as a shareholder, so before the 
listing has 
happened also, 
| have been a shareholder of your company, so the problem is that 
you are still working with the mindset as if it is a scrap company itself, and the market 
is also giving you the valuations of a scrap business only, with less than 10 PE or 
around 
10 price earnings multiples only, 
but other e-commerce companies are 
getting 40-50 price earnings multiples, so the perception change is required sir. 
| hope that you will be considering this, and the accounts from the past 10 years, 
| 
have never understood, because every 
time there will be some contingency planning 
or some provisions and next year some adjustments and all those things, so you 
better look into 
it, get a consultant and try to provide the accounts as other PSUs 
are providing, not the legacy system, so 
it will be transparent and beneficial for all 
the shareholders in the future. 
As 
far 
as the second 
question, 
my second question goes 
sir, 
regarding 
this 
disinvestment, FSNL you already spoke about that you are not in control of anything, 
but at least you should be able to tell from your end, whatever the previous surveys 
which the people have come and then checked it is completed or not yet completed, 
because there were some earlier reports that some employees were not willing to 
allow them into the plants for doing the due diligence part, so secretly or whatever 
it is, hiding the data and you are trying to do 
it, that was the news flow, so you can 
tell at least is it that completed or not, that was the local FSNL plants and all the due 
diligence by the buyers. And this consolidated numbers, your de-growth 
is clearly 
visible, so we want to know the reason and the future line for the scrap business 
growth also, 
if you can give 
it, 
it will help us a lot to stay as an investor in your 
company, thank you. 
Page 
| 10

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
 Mr. Reddy. Thank you for your very valuable suggestions regarding investor relations 
portal, your suggestion is very well taken, we will definitely work on 
it and 
all your 
queries will be replied there so that all investors can go through that and the queries 
are there in the public domain. Now regarding FSNL status, Subrata, you want to say 
something? 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: 
Yes, so Mr. Reddy, you asked about that process is still on and 
it is being followed 
up by DIPAM, Department of Investment and Public Asset Management. So, that 
process is yet to get completed but it is on the process only, various steps are being 
taken and 
it is in the various process, so 
it is still going on, for regular update, you 
can visit the DIPAM website where in a public domain it is totally visible in what stage 
it is, if you dick FSNL status, it is there, 
it is regularly updated, so last that some call 
from the prospective bidder, 
it is already there in the portal. 
Mr. Shriniwas: 
~ Sorry to interrupt you sir, from the past 3 years 
| have been asking the same FSNL 
news is going on but see the problem is 
| am visiting that site, investors are visiting 
but due diligence process is being taken into almost like 2 years now for the plant 
due diligence. So, 
| just wanted to know, is the due diligence completed or it is still 
pending from the prospective buyers? 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: 
The process is still going on yet to get completed, whenever there will be a second 
stage of asking for bid will open, certainly it will come into the website and 
it will be 
in the public domain only, that much we can assure you but still 
it is going on. 
Mr. Shriniwas: 
 Your consolidated numbers of profits are showing 
a degrowth and EPS 
is also 
showing a degrowth, standalone is almost same. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: 
So, Sir there are 2 things, the consolidated accounts provides for performance of our 
100% subsidiary Ferro Scrap Nigam Limited and of course what we can see there is 
a one-line item that is visible, that is the major cause of you see that degrowth like 
Rs 21.99 lakhs loss incurred by joint venture company. This quarter there was a loss 
from the joint venture of Rs 1.22 cr. This is basically because of some centres has 
taken but we have to fly off and generate enough revenue to have that thing. That 
is the one cause and FSNL performance 
it 
is also on 
a fatter trajectory. Both the 
factors have made 
to have little bit of degrowth in the consolidated numbers. 
Moderator: Thank you. Before we take the next question, 
| would like to remind participants to 
please limit your question to 2 participants only. The next question is from the line 
of Mustafa Arif from NRC. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Mustafa: Hi Sir. So, 
| would like to know that on the marketing business what would be the 
revenue on a steady state and also how do 
| see the cost of goods line item in a BG 
model? Does that go to zero? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
 As far as the marketing business is concerned you 
all are probably aware that we 
had three models earlier and we have discontinued two of them. There is a BG that 
model is available but there also it has not taken much traction because most of our 
dients are finding 
it difficult to provide the BG because of stricter norms and limits 
by the bank. A lot of due diligence is being done by the bank so this is more or less 
stable and we don't envisage that this is going to grow in the future. So, the revenues 
Page 
| 11

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
are going to be flat whatever it was in the last couple of quarters is going to be more 
or less the same. 
But as far as e-commerce is concerned definitely it is on the growth trajectory and 
especially since the iron market has stabilized now and 
it is expected to slightly go 
up, we expect that our revenues will also be going up and we are in talks with various 
government departments for further more projects and in the coming next quarter 
there will be some update as soon as we finalize some contracts or something. 
As far as our recycling is concerned our JV company is expanding its operations so 
obviously in the initial stages there will be a lot because each centre as soon as it is 
set up is not going to make profits. So, definitely this may be there for some more 
time but we are on the right path to expand its operations so that all the raw material 
that 
is available 
is converted to scrap and 
is given as a feeder to the industry for 
secondary steel manufacturing. 
Mr. Mustafa: Okay. And another question is what is the current status of the Standard Chartered 
litigation, a few days earlier you had provided an update? 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Let me explain to you that of course we have seen the update that DRAT in that Rs. 
222.51 crore demand matter has given that, we have made an appeal to DRAT and, 
DRAT has set aside the order of DRT 
in our favour. So, that's now so we are in a 
favourable position accordingly. 
By its oral order also that DRAT has ordered for the refund of 90 crores and the 
recovery proceedings by oral order has already been, we are waiting for the written 
orders for both the things, the recovery proceedings have been dropped so we are 
waiting for both the written orders like refund order and 
all these things we are 
waiting for as soon as we get the refund, we will update you but the news is good 
like we are on at DRAT. 
Moderator: Thank you. Before we take the next question, 
I'd 
like to remind each and every 
participant to please limit your question to 2 per participant only. The next question 
is from the line of Mr. Chirag Singhal from First Water Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mr Chirag: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just two questions from my end. First, how much of 
the revenue comes from a static business with minimum volatility where you're not 
dependent on any one-off event such as auction of any mining blocks or so? I'm just 
trying to understand the consistent stream of revenues in the e-commerce segment. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
Is that all? See, as far as the revenue in e-commerce sector is concerned, about 50% 
comes from scrap, which is more or less stable, and 
it has been the case for the past 
many years. 
Regarding other products, the prime products, which we call mineral sale or some 
waste raw materials and all and properties, there it is on a growth trajectory, and we 
don't see any threat as of now as far as that business is concerned. That comprises 
of about 20 to 25% of our revenue. 
The rest is what is one-off kind of a case, but there again, say, mineral block or coal 
block. Now, a lot of blocks are given to us for auction, but everything doesn't get 
sold at the same time. So, this is a very long process, and if you have seen, every year 
Page 
| 12

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
we are earning some revenue from the block sale itself. So, this is going to be there 
for at least a couple of years more. 
Apart from that, we are giving some value-added services to our clients, especially 
in the minor mineral blocks, like integration with their state portals and all. So, that 
kind of comfort and that kind of transparency and ease of doing business, since we 
are able to give. Because of that, the dlients are more or less happy with our services, 
and we don't envisage that they will go away from us for at least a couple of few 
more years. 
Mr Chirag: 
Got 
it. So, 25% of the overall e-commerce segment, that came from the auction of 
the blocks, is what you are saying. And the rest is more or less kind of constant, the 
balance 75%, which is again growing. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
 25% includes actually the blocks, the minerals that are mined, then the forest agro- 
produce that we sell, then some waste material like fly ash, which actually goes as a 
raw material for the cement industry. All that put together is about 20 to 25%. Or 
you know, customized models that we prepare for government or the private sector. 
So, the rest of 25% is what is on a case-to-case basis. And that also is not under very 
severe threat as of now. 
Mr Chirag: So, 
is it possible to share only for the auction of the blocks, how much came from 
auctioning of the blocks? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: That will be very difficult to say, because every time we put up, say, around the last 
time we had put up about 90 coal blocks for auction, and eventually only six were 
sold. Now when 
it 
is sold and finally when we get the result 
in that quarter, we 
reported up 6 blocks. And previous, last year, we were able to sell about 20 blocks. 
So, I'm not really sure. And per block, 
| get some revenue. So, 
| cannot foresee as to 
how many blocks will be sold in a particular year. So, it's very difficult to predict. 
Mr Chirag: Yeah. So, my second question is on the growth guidance for this particular segment. 
So, based on the visibility of events and the inclusion of the new categories and 
product types that you've been doing on your portal, what kind of growth do you 
see for this particular segment, for this fiscal as well as next fiscal? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
See, as 
| said, 
last year was very good 
in terms of the prices. Because we have 
Revenue is actually a mixed kind of model that we have. We have on event basis as 
well as on percentage basis. So, when 
it 
is on percentage basis, when the market 
goes up, obviously our revenue goes up. But 
if it is on event basis, 
it has a very flat 
trajectory. Since it is 
a composite mix of both these models, 
| would say it will not be 
an exponential growth, but there will be growth. 
Mr. Chirag: 
So, can we take a range of 10 to 15%? Assuming that the current commodity prices 
stay as they are for the rest of the year as well as next year. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Based on past performance, definitely you can take that figure. But then the market 
conditions will always not remain the same. So, if something unfortunate happens, 
if there is a sudden drop in some kind of sector, then it is going to affect. Otherwise, 
this is a reasonably good estimation, 
| think. 
Page 
| 13

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Mr. Keshav Garg from Counter 
cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Keshav: So, firstly, 
| want to understand 
in your investor presentation on page number six, 
the total value of goods traded through MSTC ecosystem has reduced by 18.5% year 
on year. So, sir, what is the reason for this? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: So, you are comparing Q1 of last year and Q1 of this year, right? This is mainly the 
coal and iron ore that we were selling last year. As 
| said, the iron ore prices have 
fallen quite significantly 
in comparison to Q1 of last year, almost by around 20%. 
And coal, 
it doesn't actually matter as to what is the volume, because we charge on 
event basis. So, there also, based on the policy of the government, whether it has to 
go to a particular sector, the volume that is offered for sale on open market, that is 
also from time to time, that changes. So, because of that, you can see, but mainly 
| 
think the contributory factor is the iron ore. 
Mr. Keshav: Sure. And, madam, we have around Rs 1,600 crore of cash with us and net cash 
is 
around Rs 1,475 crore, which is 55% of our market capitalization. And still we aren't 
doing any share buyback, even though the government has repeatedly directed 
PSUs to go for share buyback. But 
| don't know why we are very comfortable sitting 
on cash, which is hardly giving shareholders any return in case of adjusted. So, please 
consider a share buyback. 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Sir, your suggestion well taken. So, from where these Rs 1,600 crores came, 
| do not 
know. So, this quarter we have not published any balance sheet and all these things. 
So, of course, we will review the situation on 30™ September. If that part, actually the 
buyback norms are governed 
by the reform. Reform 
is clearly stated 
at which 
position this buyback will occur. 
So, of course, your suggestions are very prime 
importance to us. So, we will look into that and we will discuss internally on that 
particular position. Of course, after reviewing the 30" September situation, see how 
much cash 
is with us from this. Okay, rightly, your suggestion 
is taken at 
a very 
positive note from our side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Raghav Agarwal from Trident 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Mr Raghav: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, 
| basically want to understand your end-of-life 
vehicle business model. So, 
| heard you say that the private vehicle listing on your 
portal would 
be free. So, 
is there 
a difference between MSTC 
portal and your 
subsidiary with Mahindra for the scrapping centre? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Yeah, actually, what we are talking about here 
is MSTC has been mandated to 
auction all the end-of-life vehicles of the Government of India and the advisory has 
been given to the state government for channelising 
all their ELVs through our 
portal. 
Now, as far as private sector is concerned, there is no such mandate. And obviously, 
a large chunk of ELVs are with the private sector and private individuals. For private 
individuals, we are just charging some very nominal a few hundred rupees as listing 
fees, because we are just giving them a facility of access to all the registered RVSF 
and RVSF are supposed to actually bargain with them and then take the vehicle. So, 
Page 
| 14

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
there's no actually role of MSTC. We are 
just providing a platform for ease of doing 
business with the RVSF. 
Now, MMRPL is one of the RVSF. They are one of the bidders who take vehicles from 
our own portal. They also compete with other RVSF. They do the bidding. Once they 
become H1, they take the vehicles and then they do the scrapping. So, here, as 
MSTC, we are offering e-commerce services for sale of ELVs and our JV company is 
doing the scrapping business along with 30 more RVSF in the country as on date. 
So, they are facing severe competition and through competition, they are getting 
the vehicles and they are dismantling and producing the raw material for the 
secondary steel sector. 
Mr. Raghav: 
Can you tell us something about your market share right now in the RVSF segment 
through your JV? 
| mean, 
are you the market leader or are there many more 
competitors? And any timeline of how much scrapping you are going to do to the 
RVSF in the coming year? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: See, we definitely had the first mover advantage and as on date, also the maximum 
number of channelized vehicles that are going to our portal 
is going to our JV 
company. But 
it depends on the location. See, 
if in a particular location, there are a 
large number of vehicles, then obviously, 
it 
is going to be distributed amongst 
various RVSF, like the case of NCR. There are about three or four full-fledged RVSF 
and some of the RVSF have invested heavily, including a shredder and everything. 
So, obviously, the volumes get distributed between multiple RVSF. Where we are the 
only RVSF, obviously, all the vehicles 
that are scrapped in that area go to our facility 
only. So, it depends on the location. But as far as the market share, if you say, nobody 
has done this analysis. But we can safely say that we are getting the maximum 
number of vehicles and we are having the presence in largest number of shredders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Maanvardhan Baid from Laurel 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Manvardhan: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. 
I just 
wanted to know the average age of employees that we presently have. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
It is, as of date, about 37 to 38. 
| don't have the numbers ready. From the past data 
and memory, I'm actually recalling and telling you this. And we are in the process of 
some more recruitment at the entry level. So, average age 
is likely to go down 
further. 
Mr. Manvardhan: 
Okay. And sort of in terms of recruitment, where are we doing our recruitment from, 
especially in terms of engineers etc.? What kind of institutes do we recruit from? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Our recruitment at the executive entry level 
is through 
a pan-India competition, 
competitive examination and 
a group discussion. And we have already advertised 
for various platforms. We meet people in the tech field, the systems department, and 
HR, the finance, the operations, MBA, marketing. So, from all kinds of fields, we are 
doing the recruitment. All these details are available in our company website as well 
as the public domain also. Our advertisements are there. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Yash Dantewadia from Dante 
Equity. Please go ahead. 
Page 
| 15

o 
0 
— 
. 
&2 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mr. Yash: What percentage of your revenue is coming from private players as of today in your 
e-commerce business? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Actually, the private 
player business 
has started very 
recently. You 
are aware 
probably that only the last four or five years we have done some business. So, we 
have not done any estimation like that. But 
| think 
we can take it as about 10%. 
Mr. Yash: 
 Yeah. And also, in your previous con-call.. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
| don't have any data to support this. I'm just making some mental calculation and 
I'm telling you this. 
Mr. Yash: 
Understood. Madam, in your previous con-call, you gave us 15 lakh figures. That 15 
lakh cars have to be scrapped, 
right? Scraped, 
basically. So, Madam, since the 
government has mandated for these vehicles to go through you, to MSTC, so these 
15 
lakh vehicles, what 
will 
be the timeline for this? And what 
is the ballpark 
transaction value for these 15 lakh vehicles? And the number of years that you think 
you will take to process this transaction? Because right now, you're at a very low run 
rate. You're doing, 
| think, 8,000 vehicles or 10,000 vehicles, right? Is what you said. 
So, this 15-lakh vehicle, how real is it? I'm like, how much time do you think it's going 
to happen? And if it happens, can you give us a brief understanding? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
| replied in the earlier query also that MSTC has been mandated to auction only the 
government vehicles, okay? And advisory has been sent to state governments for 
framing policies so that the ELVs can be channelized through our portal. Now, many 
of the states are still making those policies. It's still at a very nascent stage. Now, the 
3 lakh vehicles or 2.5 lakh vehicles, whatever figures you are quoting, is not just the 
government vehicles. 
It involves the other vehicles also. Now, for the government to 
scrap their vehicles, they need to have a replacement for which a budget is required. 
So, those things have to be in place for these vehicles to come to us for scrapping. 
So, this is going to take some time. So, obviously, 
it will be in thousands as of date. 
And going forward, once the older vehicles get replaced 
in 
a phased manner by 
various government departments, all these vehicles will be coming for the scrapping. 
So, budget is a very major criteria for acquiring new vehicles Once that is done, all 
these vehicles, you can see the numbers going up. 
Moderator: Thank you. The 
next question 
is from the 
line 
of 
Mr. 
Harshit Jain from 
REH 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Harshit: 
 Actually, 
| want some more clarity on Standard Chartered dispute. So, 
| just wanted 
to know that whether we'll be receiving Rs 90 crores paid to them or we need to pay 
Rs 222 crores to them? 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: 
No. So, let me clarify two things. First, the Rs 222-crore order has been set aside by 
the DRAT, and they have also ordered for the refund of 90 crores. As and when this 
requires certain process, as and when the amount is credited to our account, we will 
let you know clearly. So, 
it is for sure, as of now, that the refund order has already 
been given by DRAT and because of that order in our favour. So, no Rs 222-crore 
payment 
right now. Rather, the 
Rs 90-crore deposit will 
be refunded to us. 
In 
addition to that, the recovery proceedings have also been dropped and we are 
waiting for that written order also. 
Mr. Harshit: 
Okay, so after this is done, our books will be clear, no long-term borrowings and 
liability will reduce by Rs 142 crores? 
Page 
| 16

i 
e 
. 
&5 equirus 
SECURITIES 
MSTC 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: But this is, of course, subject to certain regulations and regulatory authority. Right 
now, 
| cannot comment on this particular aspect. Let us examine the orders. Our 
legal person will examine the orders and that thing. And accordingly, whatever is 
required as per the law, 
it will be done. 
Mr. Harshit: Thank you. And my last question would be regarding, 
| just want to have some more 
clarity that how easy 
it 
is for us to change from event basis to percentage basis 
because we are doing 
big volumes 
lately. So, 
if we can change from event to 
percentage basis, this will have a massive impact on our financials and we can grow 
in big numbers. So, how easy it is for us? 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: No, itis not at all easy. In fact, wherever we have agreed on event basis, the numbers 
actually is not of big material to us because here we are talking of, say, coal block. If 
it 
is going to be 
1 
lakh crore kind of a coal block and 
I cannot be asking for 
percentage out of it because the process for a smaller coal block and a bigger coal 
block remains the same. So, nobody is going to pay me on the basis of percentage 
for such events. So, it is almost impossible to switch from event basis to percentage 
basis, 
at 
least 
in such auctions. So, wherever 
it 
is possible, we are already on 
percentage basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
| 
would 
now 
like to hand 
the conference back to the management for closing 
comments. 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: 
So, today we had a really good brainstorming session and we have noted down a 
lot of suggestions that have come from the investors. Thank you for taking so much 
interest in our business and the financials and your suggestions are always welcome. 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities Private Limited, we conclude today's 
conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbour: 
 The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances 
under SEBI 
(Listing 
and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015. 
For the 
transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file 
for grammatical, punctuation formatting, others etc,, that it should not result any 
edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at 
website of the company, viz. www.mstcindia.co.in. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings available at website of the company shall prevail. 
This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the 
management of the Company, which are expressed 
in good faith and, 
in their 
opinion, are reasonable and may include forward-looking statements. Forward- 
looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, 
market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial 
condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to 
differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims 
any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or 
omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of 
this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the 
Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make 
such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
Page 
| 17
