 
 
 
May 30, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd. 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543272 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE). Exchange 
Plaza, 
Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: EASEMYTRIP 
 
Sub: Earning Call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Please find enclosed the transcript of the earning call held on Friday, 26th May, 2023 , with regard 
to the audited financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2023. 
The audio recordings of the said investor call are also made available on the Company’s website at 
www.easemytrip.com.  
Please take the same on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Easy Trip Planners Limited 
 
 
Priyanka Tiwari 
Group Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A50412 
PRIYANKA 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
PRIYANKA TIWARI 
Date: 2023.05.30 
13:47:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Easy Trip Planners Limited 
Q4 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT PITTI - CO-FOUNDER & EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR  
MR. NISHANT PITTI - CO-FOUNDER & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
MR. LOKENDRA SAINI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER  
MR. ASHISH BANSAL - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. BASAVRAJ SHETTY - HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA - INVESTOR RELATIONS  

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Q4 FY2023 earnings conference call of 
EaseMyTrip. Today in this call we have with us Mr. Prashant Pitti, Co-founder and Executive 
Director, Mr. Nishant Pitti Co-Founder and CEO, Mr. Lokendra Saini, COO, Mr. Ashish Bansal, 
Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Basavraj Shetty, Head of Investor Relations, and Mr. Rajat Gupta from 
Investor Relations. The results for Q4 FY2023 for the company, the investor presentation and the 
press release have been uploaded on stock exchange and on the company website. Before we start the 
call a disclaimer, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Prashant Pitti, Co-Founder & Executive Director. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Prashant Pitti: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us on this earnings call to discuss the 
financial results for the quarter and fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Before we deep dive into the 
numbers and performance let me present an overview on the current status of industry and some 
trends to follow. The Indian travel industry has witnessed remarkable growth in FY2023 with the 
number of passengers increasing by 62% year-on-year to 136 million compared to 84 million in 
FY2022. The air travel sector has witnessed a particularly strong rebound surpassing pre-COVID 
level in Q4 of FY2023 by 43% as compared to Q4 of FY2019. Looking ahead, India is poised to 
become the third largest air passenger market globally and comprising both domestic and 
international travel by 2024. As indicated in February 2023 IBEF report India is expected to host over 
480 million air travelers by 2036. Moreover Indian carriers are expected to double their fleet capacity 
reaching over 1100 aircrafts by 2027. The government has placed significant emphasis on 
infrastructure development and has envisaged increasing the number of operational airports to 220 by 
2025 from 131 in 2022. The Airport Authority of India has outlined an investment plan of INR 25000 
Crores over the next five years aimed at enhancing airport facilities and infrastructure. The 
concentrated effort aligning with the increasing demand for travel & tourism driven by growing 
middle class population with the means to engage in domestic and international tourism. As a 
prominent OTA player EaseMyTrip is well positioned to expand and take advantage of emerging 
opportunities in the travel industry. We come with a strong track record and are well equipped to 
navigate the evolving landscape by leveraging our expertise to capitalize favourable market condition. 
 EaseMyTrip has had an exceptional last year with record breaking gross booking revenue of INR 
8050.6 Crores. The journey of the company and this milestone is reflective of our encouraging growth 
of 116.7% increase in GBR in FY2023 from INR 3715.6 Crores in FY2022. Despite a seasonally 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
weak quarter Q4 FY2023 has seen sustained growth of 83.0% year-on-year increase reaching to INR 
2143 Crores as against to INR 1170 Crores for Q4 of FY2022 thereby reinforcing our leadership 
execution capabilities and commitment to value creation. Further continuing with the growth 
momentum EaseMyTrip has reported 68.6% growth in adjusted revenues to INR 675 Crores in 
FY2023 as against to INR 400 Crores in FY2022. In Q4 FY2023 our adjusted revenue was at INR 
178 Crores which was 81.1% year-on-year as compared to the corresponding quarters of adjusted 
revenue of INR 98 Crores. We remain bullish in our newly started business operations in Dubai 
especially with the excited initial response to our operations there. The business in Dubai continues to 
thrive crossing the milestone of INR 100 Crores in GBR in the first year of operation itself. In Q4 of 
FY2023 alone we saw GBR of INR 43.3 Crores contributing to the total of INR 118 Crores for the 
full financial year of FY2023. Our operating leverage continues to be one of the significant factors 
that put us above our peers. In FY2023 as marketing spend as a percentage of GBR was 1% which 
was just slightly above 0.9% of FY2022 reflective that we continue to invest in our brand. Our 
employee expenses stood at 0.7% of a GBR which were in the lines of FY2022 level even as we 
continue to invest in our human capital. In FY2023 our air segment grew by 62.2% and we sold 1.15 
Crores air tickets net off cancellation as against 70.9 lakhs in FY2022. In Q4 of FY2023 it was up by 
56.4% to 32 lakh air tickets. We have witnessed robust demand for the air travel segment and given 
our customer centric initiatives we have performed significantly better than the previous year. 
Coming to the hotel segment, we continue to operate our hotel business in a non-traditional way 
which is the aggregator model which has given us stable returns in the past. In FY2023 we sold 3.5 
lakhs hotel night an increase of 121% compared to FY2022. For Q4 of FY2023 our hotel segment 
saw an increase of 121.9% year-on-year basis as we sold 1 lakh hotel night as compared to half a lakh 
for Q4 of FY2022. Since our inception consistent profitability has been the hallmark of the business 
and I am pleased to share that our commitments to financial success remain steadfast. In line with the 
tradition, we have achieved EBITDA of INR 191 Crores for FY2023 a 30.2% increase as compared to 
the previous fiscal year of EBITDA of INR 146.9 Crores. Our EBITDA margins were at 41.2% for 
FY2023 and 38.6% for Q4 of FY2023. We reported PAT of INR 134 Crores in FY2023 showing a 
growth of 26.6% compared to the previous fiscal year of INR 105.9 Crores. In Q4 of FY2023 our 
PAT stood at INR 31.1 Crores making a 33.1% year-on-year increase as compared to the 
corresponding quarters. 
Moving to some operational highlights for the quarter. First we are honored to have been awarded a 
title of Best Online Travel portal in India at a prestigious Economic Times Ascent Business Leader of 
the Year award this quarter. This accolade reinforces our position as one of the leading players in 
online travel industry in India. Second to celebrate the completion of two successful years of going 
public we offered our shareholders remarkable deals as a mark of our gratitude. Furthermore, I would 
like to highlight some other notable milestones achieved by EaseMyTrip during the quarter which 
reflects our resolute pursuit to grow profitability and exceptional service delivery to our valued 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
customers. As a part of our strategic expansion in Indian market we have opened up our first franchise 
store in Patna, Bihar. The physical presence strengthens our ability to serve our customers more 
efficiently catering to their travel needs particularly in holiday segment. In our ongoing endeavor to 
enhance the customer experiences we have launched an exclusive program for our elite customers 
called as EMT Royale. This special invite-only programme offers highly personalized and tailored 
services for flight and hotel booking as well as holiday, charter services and cruise packages. EMT 
Royale exemplifies our promise of providing unparalleled travel experiences to our customers 
fostering the sense of value and appreciation. Collaboration has always paid pivotal role in our 
success. In this quarter we have forged several strategic partnerships that have bolstered our brand 
presence. We are delighted to continue our relationship with the country’s most loved sport – cricket, 
as we have signed 5-year agreement with the owners of UP Warriorz team in the Women’s Premier 
League. This collaboration which commenced in the inaugural session of WPL in March 2023 allows 
us to leverage their platform and promote our brand to the wider audience. Additionally, we have also 
become an associate sponsor of IBA Women’s World Championship 2023 thereby augmenting our 
brand exposure. We have recently partnered with Swiggy, India’s leading on-demand delivery 
platform for campaign that will enable both brands to tap into each other’s consumer base. A similar 
collaboration has been forged with HT Digital facilitating our expansion efforts. We have also 
established valuable partnership with Chennai Blitz in the Prime Volleyball League, the Republic 
Summit and signed a MoU with Andhra Pradesh government. These collaborations have immensely 
contributed to increasing our brand recall and solidifying our position as preferred choice for all the 
travel needs among our customers. With this I request the moderator to please open the floor for the 
question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin with question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir I have three questions from your P&L and the balance sheet. So in the P&L there is other expense 
as a percentage of sales has moved up by 40 basis points and it is a fairly large jump if you could 
explain that and in your balance sheet I was surprised to see that your receivables have shot up a lot 
and your other financial assets where entire cash flow of the company has gone so if you could just 
give clarifications on these three things? 
Prashant Pitti: 
I will answer the trade receivable part and I will invite Ashish Ji who is our CFO to answer the other 
two. The trade receivables have gone up as well as share of GMV from B2B business has gone up 
from 9% to 12%. Our trade receivables for FY2022 was about INR 52 Crores which has jumped to 
INR 155 Crores and primarily it is because of the B2B business which is why the trade receivables 
has gone up. AshishJi if you can just answer the other two following questions that will be great. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Pritesh Chheda: 
If it has gone up by 3%, 3% on INR 8000 Crores GMV is INR 240 Crores so the INR 240 Crores 
would be throughout the year but we would have done the business of INR 240 Crores throughout the 
year but there is INR 110 Crores receivables jump straight in this period? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So, the business is floating business, right and which is why the numbers have gone up because of the 
corporate business as well, there is a corporate business as well which has come up and then there is a 
B2B business both of them have added to this number of about INR 100 Crores. 
Ashish Bansal: 
At the same time our revenue also increased and we received a revenue on periodical basis from the 
airline side, so trade receivable includes commissions and incentives recovered periodically which we 
have to recover from the airlines, so since our revenue is increasing and trade receivable is also 
increasing and your another question was other expenses. So other expenses the major increase is due 
to the B2B business increase so our commission payout also comes under other expense so that is the 
main reason of increase and third thing you are talking about other financial asset which represents 
basically the FDR, long-term FDR and if you see the current assets our other financial assets in 
current assets has been increased so there is a set off for long-term and short-term in financial asset. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Could you give some colour on the GMV growth that you are planning for the coming year? 
Prashant Pitti: 
As you have said that we are continuing our efforts to grow our GMV in the higher side of double 
digits number as what you have already witnessed in the last year we have grown by 116% odd. For 
the corresponding year we expect our GMV to grow by more than 50%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Jain from Dealwell Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Pranay Jain: 
Congratulations gentlemen on strong year and thank you for the opportunity. One I wanted to 
understand what are the efforts that we are taking to expand our business from overseas markets I 
think earlier this month we had held a Board meeting also to assess some acquisition and inorganic 
opportunities domestic as well as overseas, so if you could throw light on the plan and strategy over 
there with some number if possible? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Sharing any name and number would be very difficult at this stage. However, there is a very 
concentrated effort going on within the organization to grow our overseas business. The beautiful part 
about the overseas business is that most of our operations and technology continue to run out of India 
while the average ticket size in overseas business can be up to three times more than what it is in 
India and then the competition is also something which we feel very fair to take on to because there is 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
no other OTA in the world which can sustain without charging convenience fees. Given all these three 
reasons where at EaseMytrip, we can afford to not to charge convenience fees and yet be profitable 
the average ticket size can go up by 2 to 3 times and the entire operations and technology continue to 
run out of India gives us extreme amount of comfort to grow our businesses overseas and there are 
multiple efforts which the company is envisaging and is working on one is in the format of the 
promotion by basically creating different kind of alliances with the banks, the credit cards which exist 
in the foreign land and work along with them so that we can promote, we can give them some 
additional discounts to their consumer base and they offer our product. They introduce our product to 
their consumer base is one of the bigger one and then of course we already have grown in the market 
to become the second largest travel portal in India and we have enough tricks up our sleeves which 
we may not be able to disclose right now, which we would want to continue to use to grow in 
overseas businesses as well. 
Pranay Jain: 
Directionally your strategy is appreciated but let us say over the next two years say by FY2025 then 
how much contribution would you be aspiring to have from overseas markets? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The GMV for Dubai market for the last particular financial year was about INR 118 odd Crores. 
Given our efforts in all the directions I would be surprised if it is not the north of INR 700, 800 Crores 
from all the newer operational areas, overseas areas, in the next couple of years. 
Pranay Jain: 
Thank you and also I think we are assessing something on the insurance side, so I am intrigued to 
understand what is our thought in terms of foraying and growing that piece? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So you know at EaseMyTrip we have a consumer base of about 1.5 Crores users who are the cream of 
the country and we wish to try to see if we could basically offer alternate services to these people. We 
already are offering them a travel insurance product on our website and we wish to experiment and 
see if we can offer them another kind of insurance product as a mediator or as an aggregator in 
between but this is something which we want to try and experiment, but I will not be able to share any 
further details around it. 
Pranay Jain: 
So that is at preliminary stage and quite some distance away from reaching advanced action? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The actions are happening as we speak. AshishJi want to say something? 
Ashish Bansal: 
We have B2B model also, so we want to empower our B2B agents, which has a  network of 
customers to sell the insurance through our platform, so we are targeting B2B segment and at later 
stage B2C also. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Pranay Jain: 
Lastly before I get back in the queue what is the kind of revenue and margin that we are looking for 
say over the next couple of years, but I am particularly interested in margins because there were quite 
some levers and I am sure that we can improve from where we are at present levels which is earlier 
we have enjoyed higher numbers so what is the action plan there? 
Prashant Pitti: 
This is the beauty of the Internet business, your cost of operations need not go in the same direction as 
what your business is growing and hence with each passing year we also expect our margins to get 
better. I can tell you one particular area where the margin should continue to improve dramatically as 
we see which is basically the payment gateway charges. The payment gateway charges for this 
particular financial year is about 0.6% and as more and more UPI get perculated within the country 
this percentage should continue to diminish this 0.6% of an expense should continue to diminish and 
also I believe now we have created a very strong robust team of 1000 people and going forward I do 
not envisage our employee cost to grow up dramatically as what it has grown in the last couple of 
years. We have grown from 425 employees to 1000 employees in the last two years. However now 
we feel that the team is extremely, and this number increase has also happened because of the 
inorganic acquisitions which has become our subsidiaries right, so those numbers are also getting 
added up into the company and however going forward we believe that our employee cost not the 
marketing cost, marketing cost will revolve around 0.9% to 1% of the GMV because that is a 
continued effort to grow; however, the employee cost in the next couple of years should reduce as the 
business continues to improve and hence we are looking forward to enjoy better margins as more and 
more business continues to come towards these markets. 
Pranay Jain: 
So as a result of these investments and partnerships and there are going to be many other moving 
pieces always, but simply looking at your statement in the presentation we are at 41.2% at the close of 
FY2023 at the EBITDA margin level and last year we were at 58.8% so how do we narrow this, do 
we have something in mind a range that we want to see by the end of FY2024-FY2025? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Last year was a COVID infected year and hence it was an exceptional year, we do not envisage that 
58% to come back, but it was an exceptional year; however, going forward I believe that a good 
number to look forward would be about 45% - 46%. 
Pranay Jain: 
The revenue growth would be similar to this year or you would believe that kind of run rate we will 
be able to maintain? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So the minimum GMV growth expectation which we have internally is about 50% for this year. 
Pranay Jain: 
Thank you and wishing you all the very best. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samir Palod from AUM Fund Advisors LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
Samir Palod: 
Thanks for the opportunity. PrashantJi a few macro questions while if you look over the last few years 
the overall take rate which is the interplay between your take rate as well as discount from customers 
is coming down, how are you seeing that going forward because your GBR you are projecting to 
grow at 50% but is the take rate now stable, likely to come down further because I believe it is down 
2.5% in just one year between 2022 and 2023 so what is going on there if you can just explain that to 
us? 
Prashant Pitti: 
As I said that FY2022 is not a fair year to compare. In FY2023, starting Q4 of FY2022 till the Q4 of 
FY2023 which is five last quarters our adjusted take rate has always been hovering between 8.2% and 
8.7% and I believe that this is a fair assumption to make that this is what the status quo is from going 
forward. 
Samir Palod: 
Hotel sector which is growing much faster than your air that has a much higher take rate right? 
Prashant Pitti: 
See basically we give back whatever amount which we get, firstly the amount of the hotel booking is 
still in single digit even though it is growing much faster the overall impact on the take rate is very 
minimal. The hotel take rate is about 12% and the air take rate is about 8%, so hence I would not 
quantify that the air take rates are decreasing and just because hotel business is growing the air take 
rate has changed significantly, they are not, they have been hovering anywhere between 8.2 to 8.7% 
in the last five quarters you may please look it up and we as a company believe that this is a fair 
assumption for the future as well. The hotel is still in the single digit for us and hence even though it 
grew almost doubled up in the last one year it is barely making a dent on overall take rate for the 
company right now. 
Samir Palod: 
Thanks for that and my next question is just on the cost side can you explain while every single cost 
line item cost has gone up much more disproportionately than revenue growth and really talk about 
more on a yearly basis rather than for the quarter? 
Prashant Pitti: 
I would also like to talk more on the yearly basis and the way we look business is actually in the 
format of GMV not on the basis of revenue because revenues are a function of take rates and hence as 
I said that FY2022 was not a normal year and hence take rate of FY2022 should not be compared 
with FY2023. FY2023 onwards take rates are stable and hence if you look at the percentage of GBR 
they have not changed much at all. For employee costs our employee cost as a percentage of GBR is 
0.7% for FY2023 and FY2022 exact same 0.7%. Our marketing and promotion costs for FY2022 
were 0.9% and for FY2023 are 1%, have not changed much as you think and the discounts gone down 
dramatically for FY2023. For FY2022 it was a 4.4% and for this particular year it is at 2.9% and even 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
after reducing the discounts dramatically we have been able to grow our business by more than 100% 
is something which I would like to give applauds to our entire team which is that even after reducing 
the discounts we have been, just imagine if we had continued with the same discount we would have 
grown much, much better than past year but that is not the DNA of the company. The DNA of the 
company is to maintain the very fine balance between growth and profitability and that is what the 
team is up to and we have reduced our discounts dramatically and yes the profitability has continued 
to increase. So I would encourage you to look at the cost on the basis of GMV on the basis of total 
bookings which we have done not on the basis of revenues. 
Samir Palod: 
Fair enough. So can we look forward to next year with a 50% growth on the overall GBR, you are 
saying there will be steady take rates in the 8.5%? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Your assumption is correct. 
Samir Palod: 
On the expense side then we should see and you talk about higher EBITDA margins, so we are in the 
profitability side will be faster than the 50% growth? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Your assumption is correct. 
Samir Palod: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from MC Pro. Please go ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Couple of questions. I will just give you the numbers. In terms of hotel night Q3 hotel nights were 
something like 95875 and that has crossed 100000 in Q4 but if you look at your segmental reporting 
on the hotel package the revenue in Q3 was something like INR 23.7 Crores which is down to INR 
5.2 Crores in Q4? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Yes that was because of a MICE movement. There was one significant MICE movement which was 
reported in the holiday segment, hotel and holiday segment which happened, which was one of MICE 
movements in Q3. AshishJi please correct me if I am wrong but this is what I remember that was the 
big reason of that is correct right AshishJi? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. 
Prashant Pitti: 
There was big MICE movement, one particular booking which brought lot of revenue to the company 
in Q3 because of which you are seeing that number to go down. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Can you explain why is there a kind of a segmental loss in the hotel segment? 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Ashish Bansal: 
There is no loss. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
It is a negative figure, so it is a small negative figure. 
Ashish Bansal:  
Yes, there is a gross income in hotels segment and if we apportion the costs in the revenue then it is a 
loss. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Madhu as we mentioned in our previous commentary right now our endeavor is to grow our hotel 
business at breakeven pace and this notional loss which you are seeing is basically breakeven for us. 
Whatever 12, 13% commissions we are getting we are passing it back to the consumers in the format 
of discount, as you already know that our hotel team basically is extremely lean team because of our 
aggregator model hence whatever commissions we get we pass it back to the customers and there is 
barely any other cost to the company which is why you are seeing a small negative number. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I have two more questions one is we have done some acquisitions last year like YoloBus and one in 
the hotel segment, can you start putting up the financials at least in your presentation every quarter so 
that we know what kind of traction we are seeing in those acquisitions. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Your point is noted. We will consider it. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
If you could show some light on the performance of those acquisitions? 
Prashant Pitti: 
See Spree Hospitality continues to grow profitably, it is adding almost 5 to 6 hotels on every quarter 
basis into its kitty and it is doing extremely well and we are extremely proud of the team they are 
growing the business very well. YoloBus again started operations only six to seven months ago, we 
did see one particular month where the company was almost at breakeven pace and of course the 
company the YoloBus team desires to expand as the market is extremely large, we continue to wait it 
out, wait out for the breakeven part and grow YoloBus operations in North India and South India both 
direction, hence for Yolo to breakeven we will have to wait it out for some time; however, the market 
is humongous and entire YoloBus team feels extremely excited to grow the company, but I do take 
your point that we want to consider. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
The last question is about the receivables from GoAir have you provided INR 6.92 Crores which is in 
the auditors’ report? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The company has an exposure on the GoAir side, but we are hopeful that they will start their 
operations, we have received an e-mail from them as well that soon they will start the operations and 
whatever exposure is there will get adjusted with the sales as soon as the operation begins. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I am sure it will not happen, but in case if it does not happen your outstanding receivables from GoAir 
are INR 6.9 Crores is that a correct figure? 
Prashant Pitti: 
That is INR 69 Crores. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
INR 69 Crores is your outstanding receivables from GoAir right? 
Prashant Pitti: 
That is correct and it should be the entire industry of course has that exposure, nobody has taken any 
write off because we are hopeful that they will come back, we have received an e-mail, we have 
received verbal confirmation, so you are also tracking that story then we are expecting them to come 
back and as they come back this amount will first get adjusted with the sales which happens. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Thank you and all the best for next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kishore Sonekar from Posa Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kishore Sonekar: 
If you see the website it is not very user friendly like MakeMyTrip, suppose once we book the ticket, 
the ticket format which comes it looks very simple and the same format when we receive from 
MakeMyTrip it looks very different, this is one and the second is that while booking hotels we do not 
have many options like MakeMyTrip, whether we are willing to book from EaseMyTrip also we need 
to go for MakeMyTrip and book hotels from there we do not have many options here? 
Prashant Pitti: 
No as a customer I do take your feedback and I can see that you are coming from the sense of 
improving our services so I duly take your feedback and we will work on it; however, I would like to 
present you some factual information which might change your mind for the company already. First 
thing the factual information in terms of number of hotels which EaseMyTrip has, we report about 2 
million hotels which are listed on EaseMyTrip while our competitor reports about 1.1 million hotels 
which they list on the platform. So clearly, we believe that the number of hotels which are bookable 
on EaseMyTrip is certainly not less compared to our competitors; however, if you have felt that we 
will definitely double check from that part and the first point which you said which is basically in 
terms of user friendliness and the response time. On the response time basis there are multiple 
websites which are out and available which would give you the statistics on response time, I could 
name a few, but there are multiple out there, Similarweb that is one of those and then there are 
multiple others. Consistently we have seen that we outperform in terms of response time compared to 
all of our competitors in fact this is one of the biggest reasons why our organization has grown 
without raising any capital that we have invested a lot of time and energy not to say to beautify our 
website, I would take that one but in terms of beautification we could do better, but at least in terms of 
core technology and response time you may be speaking anecdotally where there might be one of the 
cases that we might not be responding as fast as we usually do or your internet speed might not be as 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
high at that moment; however if you look at the aggregate level there are multiple websites out there 
which will very clearly consciously concisely tell you that EaseMyTrip always outperforms in terms 
of our API calls, in terms of response time. 
Kishore Sonekar: 
I am not saying the number of hotels if you go for Nagpur booking in Marriott it is not available, if 
you go to Kashi or many places the good hotels which are star rated hotels they are not available, so 
this is my experience. 
Prashant Pitti: 
We take your point. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gowtham an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Gowtham: 
I think some of my questions were already answered earlier, but just one. Can you update on the 
Nutana Airways the chartered flight thing that we have purchased sometime back, has it started its 
operations, so how is it going and what is the outlook for that? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The operations are yet to begin in a way where we would want to present it. It is in the initial phase 
right now, so there is no update on Nutana. 
Gowtham: 
Sure Sir, that is all from mine. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajan Joseph from Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sajan Joseph: 
I see that the number of employees has increased to 1000 what percentage of these is in IT side of 
things? 
Prashant Pitti: 
We would have about 120 people in technology. 
Sajan Joseph: 
What about the other because previously in the previous calls you have mentioned that you have a 
team size of 320 and 70 are in the tech team? 
Prashant Pitti: 
I assume that you asked the tech team strength; earlier it was 70 now it is 120 people. 
Sajan Joseph: 
So the remaining is in the marketing? 
Prashant Pitti: 
We have call centers, we have marketing, finance, audits, accounting, there are bunch of other 
organizational structures. 
Sajan Joseph: 
In terms of the Traviate acquisition of us can you give us an update? 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Prashant Pitti: 
We did not exchange hands with the Traviate; there was something which was missing in the 
organization because of which we did not complete the transaction. I did update that about 2, 3 
quarters before, the YoloBus and Spree, they both got culminated and they both are growing pretty 
well. 
Sajan Joseph: 
How many hotels are we managing under Spree, previously we have said about 28 hotels? 
Prashant Pitti: 
I may not have the exact numbers for this particular quarter. AshishJi would you know what that 
number is? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Number is around 30 to 35. 
Sajan Joseph: 
Thank you. The other question was around the Patna store this is the first physical store that we are 
presenting and what is the advantage of such a store? 
Prashant Pitti: 
You know even currently even till today almost 90% of all holiday booking are happening offline and 
which is because in an air ticket there are not multiple touch points, there are not multiple questions 
which you want to ask, but in holiday there could be hundred plus questions which you want to be 
answered, which is why even till today most of holidays are actually being sold offline by the travel 
agents and in order to grow our holiday business we already have very strong pipeline related to the 
leads which we generate in our website, the endeavor is to basically pass those leads to the 
franchisees and help them grow the business. In Patna we had our inaugural month this time and in 
the month itself we did about 20 to 25 lakhs worth of booking from that particular center. So we 
expect this particular line of business to expand quite dramatically, the margins in holiday which we 
enjoy are much, much better and holiday as a product requires you to service where you can sit across 
somebody and cross verify multiple questions and answers and then be able to book your package. So 
we would use our strength of B2B business which was the main business for EaseMyTrip years ago. 
We would use that strength; we would tap our travel agent network and create franchisees across 
India to sell holidays better in other parts of India. 
Sajan Joseph: 
That is quite interesting to note and why Patna in particular? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The team did its work and understood where we could basically get decent amount of business and 
hence it seemed like a low-hanging fruit. 
Sajan Joseph: 
Thank you very much for your time and for this lovely talk. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adithya Krishna an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Adithya Krishna: 
Hi Prashant great interesting strong finish to the year I have been participating in every call. So I had 
couple of questions and my observation from our numbers. First one is we have a straight quarter-on-
quarter topline decrease of 15% right and looking into your numbers a little detail it directly attributes 
to, so we have been doing well on the airlines side, but this directly attributes to decrease in revenue 
for the hotel packages side, which has suddenly become zero this quarter from INR 18 Crores and it is 
around INR 2, 3 Crores probably from last quarter to this quarter, quarter-on-quarter why this sudden 
decrease in just hotel revenue and nothing else? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Got it. Let me explain. First is that Q4 is usually a weaker quarter compared to Q3 hence the quarter-
on-quarter approach might not work, travel is a cyclical business and Q3 is basically filled with 
holiday seasons, with vacations and hence Q3 is always a better quarter than Q4, you can even look at 
up in our competitors results and you will find the same result, the reason why and you are absolutely 
right, in the hotel side as I explained before there was one particular MICE booking, MICE is a group 
booking of a corporate which was basically part of hotel and holiday division that particular booking 
gave us huge impetus in Q3. There was one particular booking which gave us huge impetus and hence 
you see that difference existing for Q4. Overall our hotel business is growing at as I mentioned before 
as well. Our hotel business grows at breakeven pace we do not intent to make money in the hotel 
space for the next couple of years as our intentions are to grow our hotel business quite dramatically. 
Adithya Krishna: 
Got it. Thanks for the clarification. My second question is around PAT right, now again looking at 
quarterly revenue we have not had a very strong year I agree, but looking at quarterly revenue and 
PAT Margins what we call it is dipped from 35% last year same quarter to 30% to now 25%, right 
this quarter I would want to know fine we are investing in marketing and all of that as we are growing 
but why such a big differential in PAT percentage as a percentage of quarterly revenue this quarter? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Again I would encourage you to look at the numbers on the GBR basis not on the revenue basis. In 
the revenue basis what happens is that there are certain revenues which are not accounted in our 
businesses. For example if you look at our presentation we always talk about adjusted revenues not 
about the revenues because there is percentage of discounts which we give. Now discounts are always 
netted off in revenues and hence you may see a lot of variance if you do PAT divided by revenue 
because discount is our prerogative, in some quarters we maybe give high discount, in some quarters 
we may give lower discount, hence revenue is not a true testimony to our take rate. Our actual take 
rate is our revenue plus our discount and hence if you just do PAT divided by revenue you may see 
some numbers which may not make sense and hence my recommendation would be to always look at 
our PAT as a percentage of GBR and that you will find quite steady fast. 
Adithya Krishna: 
So just following up on that, exactly what you just said right now, PAT as a percentage of GBR last 
quarter was 1.8%, this quarter it is reduced to 1.4% whereas last year same quarter it was 2% so there 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
is a differential so that is one thing because that also attributes to higher tax rate may be similar tax 
rate... 
Prashant Pitti: 
This particular quarter the employee expenses were on the slightly higher side because we usually 
give increment in December month to our employees, so there is a cyclical part for Q4 we usually 
give increments in December month that is our company policy, which is why you may see for this 
particular quarter we may have spent little bit extra plus in this particular quarter we basically tied up 
with Woman Premium League which was not there in the last quarter which is why the sudden 
expenses related to marketing have also gone up slightly, so all of this put together has reduced our 
PAT from 1.8 to 1.5% for this particular quarter. 
Adithya Krishna: 
Got it. Fair enough that is pretty decent explanation. So everyone in the call people have spoken about 
42% to 28% it has been PAT and as percentage of yearly revenue and that happens in internet 
businesses, but for the first time in probably or second time probably in history of our company we 
have moved to negative operating cash right, we have always maintained positive operating cash I 
think throughout most quarters, but this quarter and I think last quarter also we have moved into 
negative operating cash I know we are investing continuously what we make on growth probably but 
why this strategy of negative operating cash now? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So, the negative operating cash comes from two particular sides. We as I mentioned in one of the 
questions before the trade receivables have increased and our other current assets have increased, our 
other current asset is basically the advances which we give to the airlines and sent to the hotels. Now 
these numbers are increasing in proportion to our GMV increase. As our GMV is increasing these 
numbers are increasing in the same proportion and which is why you see that the overall net operating 
cash for this particular year was negative. 
Adithya Krishna: 
My last two questions. The first one is so I was still looking even more detail. There is a segment 
contract liability on your balance sheet which has jumped four times, right and there is increase of 
INR 50 Crores in your contract liability which means someone is to either we are owing someone 
INR 50 Crores or we have taken some kind of borrowing on a contract what is this attribute exactly? 
Prashant Pitti: 
This is basically an advance which we have received from ITQ and there are some advances which 
have received from the agents as well. So the entire B2B business does not run on credit, there is 
some business which runs on advances as well and at EaseMyTrip we have received, we have 
received an amount from ITQ, ITQ is one of the GDS and they have given us advances in this 
particular year, which will continue to get set off as we made profits in the future. 
Adithya Krishna: 
You said previously we are looking for 50% GBR run rate coming year or that is what you think, also 
assuming 50% run rate in GBR, so assuming PAT percentage is around we maintained or we improve 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
it to 1.4 or 1.5% to around 2% that is still a huge delta increase, can we maintain it or we will still 
continue to focus on growth and then probably PAT percentage will be lower? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So again as I said before there is a very thin line between aiming for very high growth and continuing 
to focus on profitability side, it is a very fine balance which our company has exhibited for last 14 
years and we would not want to forget our roots and continue to go with the same basics, which is 
that let us say for this particular year we have decided that we want to grow by 50%. In Q4 of 
FY2022 in the call I did say that in the coming year which is this year we would want to cross more 
than INR 7000 Crores as GBR and we did so. From INR 3700 Crores we have jumped to INR 8000 
Crores, in fact we said INR 6500 Crores if you remember in Q4 of FY2022. We gave an indication of 
INR 6500 Crores; however, we have crossed INR 8000 Crores. Now for this particular year we 
anticipate that we will grow by 50% most likely we will overgrow that number, but we anticipate to 
grow by 50% while continuing to grow with a similar level of profitability as what you have seen 
right now. So hence this is the expectation which we have. Having grow the profitability and in profit 
margin to remain in the same lines of between 1.5% and 2% as what you have mentioned, is what we 
are looking forward to maintain while growing our GBR by more than 50% in this particular year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Prashant: 
Good evening everyone. Congratulations for a wonderful set of numbers. This is my first time in the 
conference call. I wish to ask that what kind of head winds or resistance are we facing as a company 
because in one of your interviews I have heard that we aspire to become the number one travel online 
portal company in India, so do you feel that any head winds or resistance you are facing which is 
keeping us at number 2? 
Prashant Pitti: 
No there are no headwinds, we only have tailwinds, we only see things which are helping us grow in 
our business, the India story is aiding very well, the number of new airports is coming, travelers, and 
the overall business is growing quite steadyfast and in a strong manner as you can see already. There 
are no headwinds, the reason why we are number two because it takes time. We are not a very 
conventional e-commerce company which basically has raised tonnes of money and it is painting the 
town red by advertising everywhere about themselves to just grow the market share even if it is at 
loss. That is not the DNA of the company. We wish to continue to grow this company profitably and 
that is why it takes time to grow from number two to number one and as I have shared before we want 
to have a journey of three years to grow from that position to be the number one player. 
Prashant: 
Thank you Sir. One more last question if I may ask. Sir what kind of support or policies do we expect 
from the government so that this particular travel online sector and particularly our company which 
can be conducive for further growth? 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Prashant Pitti: 
It would be hard for me to say particularly for our company, the best part of government is to actually 
stay out of business and I think this government is doing fabulous job, they are trying to privatize 
most of the things. The reason why inbound tourism or overall travelers in India is growing 
exponentially is basically because of the efforts of this government. As you are aware of from 1947 
till 2013 the number of highways which were constructed during those 60, 70 years is the same 
number of highways which were constructed in the last 10 years, so hence the country is progressing 
in terms of the newer airports, the better infrastructure, and we are all reaping the benefits of it and 
beyond that we do not need any particular support from the government. We do try to serve 
government institutions the best way we can, for example, in this particular quarter we have signed up 
a MoU with Andhra government. We met the honorable CM of Andhra Pradesh in Vijayawada and 
over there we discussed the potential of what all EaseMyTrip can do for Andhra Pradesh government 
and on the basis of that they basically floated a tender and EaseMyTrip basically won that contract, 
and we are working along with them to promote Andhra Pradesh as a tourism destination for rest of 
India. So similarly we look forward to work with various state level, international level tourism to 
promote their destination among the elitist of the elite customer base which we have as you already 
know that huge chunk of EaseMyTrip is flight bookers, not the train travelers or the bus travelers, 
which is why the user base of EaseMyTrip is cream of the cream and everybody would want to 
promote their particular destination on our user base and hence we would continue to work with 
government sectors in that particular aspect yes. Otherwise I think that India growth story related to 
travel is for all of us to see. We really believe that there is no COVID revenge travel which is 
happening anymore. The travel, which has grown exponentially, is just the new way people live now. 
Prashant: 
Thank you so much. All the best for the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Prashant Pitti for his closing comments. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Thank you everyone. On the concluding note I would like to appreciate the efforts of our team in 
striving to reach several milestones that we have been able to achieve during the quarter and FY2023 
and it reinforces our position as a leading player in online travel industry in India. We remain 
committed to delivering exceptional services to our valued customers. These achievements are also 
reflective of unwavering trust and support of our valued customers, stakeholders and partners. As we 
strive to deliver excellence in all aspects and other operations, maintaining profitability, fostering 
longstanding and meaningful partnerships, expanding our services and reach, we will constantly work 
towards providing innovative solutions that redefine travel industry. We are thrilled and excited about 
the future that lies ahead and on that note I would like to thank all of you for joining this earnings call 
and we hope we have answered all your queries. In case if you have any further queries please feel 
free to reach out to our investor relationship team. Thank you. 

 
 
EaseMyTrip Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of EaseMyTrip that 
concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
