 
Website : www.tvsmotor.com Email : contactus@tvsmotor.com CIN : L35921TN1992PLC022845 
 
01st June 2023 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip code: 532343 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip code: TVSMOTOR 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Reg 
:
Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our intimations dated 26th May 2023 with respect to the schedule of a 
conference call with analyst / fund house and intimation on the recordings, respectively, we 
wish to inform that the transcript copy of the said recording is enclosed and the same is hosted 
on the website of the Company in the below mentioned:   
 
https://www.tvsmotor.com/en/Investors/Communication 
 
Kindly acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
K S Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
 
KELLIYA 
SUBRAMANIA
N SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
KELLIYA SUBRAMANIAN 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2023.06.01 
17:09:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
TVS Motor Company Limited 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT
 
: 
MR. K. N. RADHAKRISHNAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY 
LIMITED 
 
MR. K. GOPALA DESIKAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
ANALYST 
: 
MR. AMIT MEHTA - MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
EMERGING MARKETS AND ASIA PACIFIC (EMAP) 
EQUITIES 
 
MR. SANDIP PATODIA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - 
EMERGING MARKETS AND ASIA PACIFIC (EMAP) 
EQUITIES 
 
MR. GOKHAN ATES - RESEARCH ANALYST - 
EMERGING MARKETS AND ASIA PACIFIC (EMAP) 
EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
JP Morgan AM:  
So quite a few of our questions will have to do with your long-term vision, how you manage the 
business and how you see the business within either the domestic Indian market or foreign 
market? How should we get started on these dynamics? Do you want to get started with 
questions?  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Because all of you know that TVS Motor Company.  You have gone through all of those goals. 
So to be expressive -- the next we can focus on the clarification we have, the things we have, 
that will be better approach with my position.  
JP Morgan AM:   
Sure, maybe I can start with the first question, and my colleagues can just come in any time with 
their additional questions. Could you tell us what you see as TVS's strength versus its peers in 
the Indian 2-Wheelers market? 
K N Radhakrishnan:   
I am a guy who never talks about competition. If you ask me this question, I can tell you, about 
our strength. The customer and quality, durability, customer-delight are our principle focus.  And 
if you look at that, that's kind of an idea, [indiscernible] for example, we look at the C&GR, that 
we focus on the emission policy. We focus on the TGW. TGW is focused on right. And so it's 
the satisfaction of the customer because it's the customer who comes for service, in two-wheeler 
is the first service comes after almost 30 days, 1,000 kilometers.  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
We are here for the group. I'm coming back to your question. It's all about customer, customer, 
customer. And we have been number one, rated number one by JD Powers, of course key brands 
as well as for the dealership, service to the customer, this is number one. Number two, the last 
four or five years, we very clearly look at the customer pigment. We look at what future, what 
kind of technology they want, what kind of innovation they want. And we position our new 
products to that. And what we are seen is every product is the driver or the decision maker, I 
think it has been a great success. Because what is most important is to sharply focus and even 
believe in IT. The customer will allow it, that's the most important. That is number three.  
Number three, when the customers are delighted at the time, you can always look at the top line. 
So in reality, also, we only try to look at the top line. Let's start from the question of time 
selection. Why top line is important? I don't have to explain to you. It's good for the people, 
distributors, company. All of you know that there have been a lot of challenges in the top line 
for everybody, country by country.  In India we've gone through the COVID situation and we 
have also looked at the place situation and we come back to challenges. The most important, 
according to us, is growing ahead of the industry. The first and second will always translate into 
profitability. So this has been our strategy. We will continue in the future.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Thank you. And don't really mind if I just jump in. So just to you again, thank you very much 
for your time. I'll apologize ahead for some of the basic nature of our questions. If on just the 
two areas you just talked about when you talk about growing ahead of the industry, and I would 
say we're much more familiar with Bajaj and Hero, they have different prices for different 
experiences, different sort of international experiences. But how do you see both and obviously, 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
you've grown share, but firstly, what on the industry, how do you see the rates of growth of the 
industry going forward?  
And secondly, when you think about the market share and where you've grown and come to, 
where do you expect? Or do you see limitations at some point, particularly with the nature or 
where your product pricing etc. Does that need to change at all to have a different set of market 
share? So, two different questions. One on industry growth and two in where you think market 
share for you can ultimately get to? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Obviously, the way you have to respect India, the current growth rate is not really the personality 
of the two-wheeler industry. Why do I say that? India, I don't have to explain to you the 
population, the demographic, how we're going into it. And which is good in India, the 
infrastructure in which the Government, the kind of growth of the sector, the kind of higher we 
are, I think there is going to be clearly, the mobility is going to be much higher. And in India, 
when we have huge population, the public transport is the reason. So people are mobile, but they 
don't have any kind of structure for the transport system. So, the only and only way is to do that. 
This is something which is affordable. this is something which is cost-available, this is known, 
this is one reason.  
Second, if you think of India, 50% of the population, it's built on blocks. They don't have 
Government jobs, they don't have any other jobs, they are a plumber or an electrician or a vehicle 
service, carrying, you know, something, you know they take the food from one place to another 
place, they distribute, they sell, they have a lot of transportation every day. So if I look at more 
and more of the bottom of the pyramid, it's much more proportionate. Maybe in the urban, we 
may have employed people in various types of industries, but when you go deeper and deeper, 
it's all about self-employed. So self-employed, the productivity goes up when they have mobility. 
Mobility comes from an affordable solution like a two wheeler.  
Just before, about three years back, up to 2017-18, India's C&GR used to be about 10% above. 
My prediction is it will come back to the double digit going forward. What has happened in the 
last, in my opinion, about 12 to 15 quarters, three things have happened. I don't have to explain 
about this COVID situation, but much before that, if I look at it, we moved from BS3 to BS4, 
which like, you know, all of you are familiar with Euro3, Euro4, Euro5, and then we went into 
BS6. Today, our products are equivalent to a European product, okay, in terms of emissions, in 
terms of technology. All the products are electronically injection, like the technology that we 
see in the past. 50 standards are exactly like European standards. Products above 100,000, 
80,000, and so on. And all this has put the cost to go up. The product prices have gone up by at 
least 40% in the last 15 quarters, but the income level of the people has not gone up.  
And I already told you, 50% of the market is rural, where it's all self-employed. So now that 
there is no,  COVID situation is becoming much more under control, people know that they don't 
have to get hospitalized, people know that there are no lockdowns, they have started earning 
more. The rural economy is the most tricky one. So as the income level goes up, I'm very sure 
that the first thing they will look at is the 2 wheeler.  

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
So it's a question of time, possibly in a year's time, we will see a more of a pickup in India, and 
I am certain that you can expect a P&G of minimum 10%. Okay. While I say that, in the 
international market, different markets are affected. Africa today is a taxi market. So 
predominantly, people are sold for taxi purposes. You know, one guy drives the bike, or there is 
a tea connoisseur who buys a drink for the driver, and they carry, they drive almost 300 
kilometers every day. And roads are not there, they carry almost 5-6 people. So, according to 
me, next year, it will be after, possibly after 10 years, because they are also now investing in 
infrastructure, educational levels are going up, the life expectancy is becoming better. Many 
people for taxi, slowly you are able to do commuting happening, some of the cities. So, when 
you look at some of the markets like Middle East, better, infrastructure is better, people are 
looking for both commuting and utility purposes.  
If you look at the ASEAN market, again, the commuting is there. Of course, there is also some 
sub-bloc groups are there. If you look at LATAM, I am only talking about the developing 
markets. If you look at the developed markets, you know, higher product, huge opportunities. 
So, two-wheeler has got huge opportunities and the strength of TVS is, we have excellent design 
and development capabilities. We don't compare anybody. We are completely R&D focused, 
design focused, and we have almost thousand engineers who are practically looking at 
innovation, innovation, innovation, and we have excellent product range. When I look at the 
Indonesia product, again, it is completely different, it is unique; we get feedback, completely 
different. We don't sell anything here.  
And second, many of the international markets, the product market, the product what we are 
selling, we don't sell in India. So, the uniqueness of TVS is to identify the product, the 
geography, the segment, and design and development. It is just investing. If it was paid, then it 
will do well in the future.  This was your first question.  
What was your second question? Sorry, it was a little long, so sorry to ask. What was your second 
question? 
JP Morgan AM: 
The second question was your -- obviously, market share has changed quite dramatically in the 
last few years. So, just trying to understand a little bit more about whether you see limitations 
on, I mean, there is obviously an industry pattern that you talked and articulated very well, 
whether -- where you see limitations of potential opportunities on the share side? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
See, I can't, my simple principle is, I don't put a target on the market share. I always say that I 
have to grow ahead of the industry. Any month, I respect only one thing to my sales team. 
Industry grows by 15%, I have to be higher than that. While I say that, I don't look at the exact 
market share. Billing to the dealer is not the market share. Sales to the customer is the market 
share. What you sell to the customer is the market share. Fortunately, all of you know, in India, 
there is a registration data. It was not there a couple of years back.  
And the second thing is, I always believe that the customer should get fresh rating. So, I always 
tell the dealer, don't keep more than 25 days of stock. Why 25 days? If you know India, from 
the plant to the regulatory point, it takes almost seven days. Okay? We use trains, we use trucks. 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Okay, India infrastructure is good, but if you look at some of the African markets, it takes even 
point to point, also it can take even two to three weeks.  
So, my simple principle is, you keep, there cannot be any retail loss. When the customer comes 
and asks for an acquaintance or a which color or an ABS fitted vehicle, you should not say, I 
don't have stock. So, we have some warehouses, supplementing to the dealer, plus we keep 
maximum, maximum 25 to 30 days of stock to the dealer. And also, we with the sub-dealer. 
Nobody does it in India. No other company does it in India. Okay? And all are cash and carry. 
We don't give credit to the dealer. Okay? It is a self-sustaining mechanism because the customer 
gets the fresh read. Okay? That is the simple principle. With that, you have to grow ahead of 
India. 
JP Morgan AM: 
I think the one follow-up, just on completeness there, would be, I mean, if you speak to other 
two-wheelers, they say that our target is to grow faster than the industry, and if everyone is trying 
to grow faster than the industry, everybody closes the industry rates, right? So, I'm just trying to 
understand, you know, again, if you're the customer, what is the TVS's proposition that makes 
it more attractive than a dealer or auto drivers license? Is it price point? Is it engine size? Is it 
design? Why do they buy a TVS 2-wheeler versus anybody else's 2-wheeler?  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Exactly what the JD power calls is all about attractiveness, you know? Okay? It talks about how 
better in terms of power, performance, in terms of convenience, in terms of riding, in terms of 
features, in terms of technology. Okay? I can keep going on and on and on talking about features 
of the JD for the rest of your time. Okay?  
Some of the things, what we see in a car, we have given in the 2-wheeler as an affordable price. 
Okay? And my pricing is always equal or better than competition. I don't discount the brand. 
Okay? We don't discount the brand. But the investment is in the technology and the product and 
the durability of the customers. That we don't compromise. Hence, there's always pull in the 
product. Always pull in the product. Okay? Otherwise, you cannot, you can't say that I will only 
keep 35 days of stock and based on the pull, the dealers have to bring in money. They will bring 
money only when the products are demanded by the customer. 
JP Morgan AM: 
I mean, I just wanted to follow the same line of questioning that Amit was referring to. I mean, 
clearly, I'm anticipating that it's the up-selling price and product differentiation in terms of 
features, that sort of drive is pulling the brand. And I think you also said when you were talking 
about that it requires continuous investment, which is sort of difficult. I guess if I look at the 
near experience, it's consistently invested in the product engineering. So, can you talk a little bit 
about that culture and how does that impact? I mean, because you invested for so long, your 
team was sort of, the profitability was significantly below competition in that sense. So what do 
you have to do with the ML line when you continue to do that? How do you gather insights and 
product features that you need to use? But the competition is catching up. How do you stay 
ahead? There's sort of lots of questions in that space. I mean, you can talk to me about that. 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
So that's where I'll give you one example, because I have plenty of examples in each of the 
products. I'll give you one example. When we developed the Jupiter, I was doing an analysis in 
India. Normally in the future, unlike in most places, the customer has to lift the seat to put the 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
fuel. So that is the industry practice. Activa, which is the best brand in India, Honda has bought 
it. It's lifting the seat and you have to put the fuel. We found it's a big customer inconvenience. 
So we said, you don't have to get down from the seat. We'll do external fuel fill in the rear. So, 
Jupiter was the first to be put in India, which required completely external fuel fill in the rear. It 
required completely engineering change in terms of how the chassis is designed, how the petrol 
tank is placed, how the fuel flow is designed. It requires engineering. It is challenging the way 
we do it. 
And I agree with Amit, the moment you do that, competition is not going to be there. In three, 
four years, competition comes with external fuel fill in the rear. But Jupiter 125, we already 
move the fuel fill to the front. Why did we move that? Because any customer who is stepping in 
the rear, he says, I have to turn and look at the rear when somebody is fueling. I have also looked 
at the rear because normally in India, customer doesn't believe any in-petrol manager. They 
always believe that they will always cheat them. So the customer voice was very simple. I'm 
happy I don't have to get down, but I have to keep fuel as well as gear. So, can you do something 
about it? That is the way we innovate the petrol tank in the front rear. Fuel is released in the 
front rear. It will take another four or five years for somebody to catch up. By that time, he will 
again decide what is the next level of operation. It's a constant innovation journey. Okay? 
Now, we have to first give the voice of this thing in a product called, Ntorq. We have to first 
give all right loads in our Apache series, which is given at 150 cc. Okay? If I have to really 
motivate my innovative R&D people, I have to give them talent, look at the pain points of the 
customer and keep innovating with something new. It's not going to be easy. I completely agree 
with you. And somebody will catch up. Today's attractive quality will become a cheap quality 
tomorrow. But this helps you to build a brand. We started with a new product called Raider, 
which is in 125 cc. We started with 10,000, 15,000, 20,000, 30,000. Now I've come to 30,000. 
Now we're looking at 35,000. 
When the volume is going up, I'm also coming up with new EFT cluster. So, it's just a journey. 
It's a journey.  
JP Morgan AM: 
I understood, and I'm thankful for that. I guess one follow-up on that would be, you know, I'm 
assuming what you're saying is a culture of constant innovation that is promoted and comes from 
the top. So, you're looking for consumer insights and innovating accordingly, not ahead of 
competition. Was that in the beginning of the firm? Because obviously your market shares were 
slightly standing for a while before they started imaging outside the market. So, is there a lag 
between doing that and actually having them around? 
And then the second question is part of that question about, so there's a cost to this. So, is that 
now sort of, you know, will scale of that efficiency come down? And I'm assuming the cost will, 
if you have a company, you believe that you have the early functions of doing that.  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
In my opinion, we lost market share, we were stagnant in market share because of our own 
mistakes. I don't attribute it to competition. We came up with a product called GT. And I'm going 
back to here, long back. If you know the history of the company, we had, we were supposed to 
be in Suzuki in 2002, and we moved out of Suzuki, and that is the time we started our own 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
international business. I'm very proud that today 30% of our business comes in international, in 
a very short span of time, because we started much later to one of our key competitors.  
We had a product named Victor, which significantly helped us to gain market share. But there 
were some small errors, but we did a big recall campaign, I think, I remember it was in 2004, 
2005, which was unheard of in the industry. So when you do that, some of it is supposed to take 
advantage of that and keep criticizing that. Unfortunately, I think we made a mistake of stopping 
the brand.  
Now, if I request myself, we should have continued with that brand. And then we said, okay, we 
are going with that. Let's invest in quality, durability, and really, really go for the best in the 
stock. So we did that, and we are able to get the benefit of that. And I'm very sure that this will 
help us in bringing sustainable, gaining market share. But market share comes with a lot of 
restrictions in terms of, I don't believe in overstocking because it affects the customer. The 
customer doesn't get the fresh mainframe. So, there are broad guidelines, and within the broad 
guidelines, every dealer has to perform. And it's also in the interest of the dealer's profitability 
if he keeps the deal stocked, if he keeps the right market capital. So it's not only our profitability.  
And to your second question, when there is top line growth, every line works. There is no top 
line, there is no line. I'm not so much attached the custom labels. Many people talk about custom 
labels. I always say that look at the top line, then every line will be easy. That's exactly what has 
happened for TVS. And even in the top line, we have started looking at the premium products, 
you know, whether it is a Classic, Ronin whether it is NTORQ. 
Another typical example I'll give you, even in Jupiter, we have a base model which is equal to 
the competition. That means that even Jupiter variant which is really delighting the customer. 
So we gave a limited edition called. We found that customers are willing to pay much more, the 
Jupiter variant which is really delighting them. Then next year, all of you know that India has 
got the Diwali season and marriage season. So we are going through the marriage season. Now 
Diwali will be September, October. This is more of the colleagues from other parts of India, 
from other parts you can tell that. Diwali season is something like 40% of the sales happen. And 
in the Diwali season, one day called Dhanteras, practically we sell 200,000 vehicle. People are 
crazy on that day. But they need something new. They need something fresh. So we create the 
limited edition. So, we create a second model. We create a classic model. We create a branded 
model. Each one has got certain features, certain technology, much priced higher. I can tell you 
today, within Jupiter, more than 50%, we sell the higher order radius.  
I can correlate it to the democracy of India. Suppose Indians do not have money, but 
aspirationally we are all, we want only iPhones. Even the rural you go; he will have an iPhone. 
He will not have taken the breakfast also for days, but he will have an iPhone. Aspirationally we 
are very rich. But you need, you know, for my sales and marketing, if I don't give, Activa price 
of so and so my customer only buys that. So I create that model also. But when somebody looks 
at it, and thanks to the retail finance, India now, the organization penetration is about 40%. Of 
course, there are some dealers also doing a little bit of retail finance. I'm not taking that, 50%. 
So when somebody comes in, he looks at my base Jupiter, he goes, INR3,000 for INR4,000 for 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
INR100, but okay, I move it. So, one is premium registration, one is varianting and limited 
edition and winning the customer, and it helps the brand also move up.  
J P Morgan AM : 
So if you focus on the customer, give them good products, the features that they want, you can 
do that in multiple segments. You just gave the example of Jupiter for our teammates. It's a very 
successful scooter. You've grown from a relatively small base over the years in scooters to 
become number two and the most consistent shared number. You've done very well in premium. 
You've done very, very well in. But throughout all this time, these have been multiple growth 
opportunities that TVS pursued at the same time all at once. And now you're actually, in my 
estimation, doing very well with EV. Are there examples to business, new segments, new 
products that you consider because you thought, you know, they might be attractive, but both of 
them didn't do, because you thought you should focus your resources on what you're already 
pursuing. Because the impression we get is, you do a great job in pursuing all of these things. 
But at the same time, you seem to have a lot of aspects of pursuing a lot of things altogether. 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
It's not that -- success and failure come together. The answer I gave to Sandeep was, we lost 
market share because of our own wrongdoing or inaction. Because in a typical market share 
situation, when we lose a brand, Victor or whatever we lost, competition is not keeping quiet. 
So losing something, somebody's gain is getting doubled. So that's the reason you have to get it 
right. How do we get it right? That's why you need quality, you need attractive quality, you need 
to consistently invest in looking at the customer and design and technology and future. This is 
number one. 
Number two, it's not that every area we have succeeded. Since there is one area, you know, in 
the entry-level commuter segment. But I'm not so much worried because in our top six or seven 
segments, we are doing either number one or number two or a strong number three in the 125-
cc segment. I'm very happy. Keep looking at the customer again and again. I think you'll get the 
other segment also right. So it is a balanced portfolio management. Okay? And you'll get the 
totality. When there is some brands that are not doing well to the desired level, for example, 
Radeon, it's one brand, I'm unhappy I'm not doing well. But that's okay. That's okay.  
JP Morgan AM: 
How about questioning whether you need to be in commuter bikes? You're doing well with 
Scooters, you're doing well with premium bikes, you have JVs coming up that might go after 
success with the low-length super premium most likely. Do you need to be in all the segments 
in particular essential goods? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Do you know what, you see, we believe in the moment you decide that you are going to believe 
in customers, then you have to be completely customizing and integrating with them. I'll give 
you one example. When we went to Africa, we had at that time also some of the brands which 
were selling in India, commuter bikes. We thought we can sell that easily. But the moment we 
saw that we have such a taxi customer, they carry five people, the seat distance is flat, okay, the 
petrol tank, even the petrol tank also somebody sits. In the end, somebody sits, five people, and 
I don't get stressed, they are very strong, roads are bad, then we said none of these bikes are 
going to work there. That is where we came up with HLX.  

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
So the moment any company puts customer as a starting point, I promise you sometimes your 
existing will not work. Existing will not work. Okay? Some of my Indian colleagues are there. 
I'm in Bangalore, Desikan sitting in Chennai. There are people in Delhi. India is a great example. 
Our languages are different. Who has this kind of people? What we call them across. Basically, 
if we don't have our coffee or idli in the morning, idli vada in the morning or pongal in the 
morning, they will explain to you what it is. But I have a commercial client. I cannot give them 
idli vada in the morning. They will throw me out. The employees will throw me out. They make 
their chukra chapati or their, what do you call that, with potato, the thick chapatis in the morning 
with that onion curry. They won't taste it. India is one country. Apache, red color, only sells in 
West Bengal. In down South, there is one place, only black thing. So the moment you put 
customer at the center of the strategy, you have to be very careful. You should be willing to 
invest for the customer. But I can promise you, customer will pay back. Because you came up 
with 162v in Apache, when we found out that is not enough, you came up with 164v in 
technology, so we have 200, you have 300.  
JP Morgan AM: 
So I understand the diversity in the product -- in the customer base and how complex the two-
wheeler and three-wheeler market is in India. But going by the food example you're giving; you 
wouldn't be happy just letting somebody else eat chai vada. You have to provide the chapati, the 
chai, everything, just because the customer wants all of those things and different, they want all 
of those things. Whatever the customer wants, you'll want to be the provider.  
And the other thing you suggested was, you want to be number one or number two, and you'll 
tolerate strong number three, as long as it has potential to be number one or number two. So is 
that... 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
I look at total, better than the industry. Every month, if I'm doing better than the industry, with 
the condition that I don't push the numbers with the dealers, I'm happy. Overall. Then I look at, 
for example, thanks to all of us, when we started looking at the data, then we started, how is our 
premium doing within this overall number? Is the premium growing every month? Is the variant 
growing every month? So that it gives a better and better response to the company in terms of 
profitability. All our job is about doing well. So this is after achieving number one position. 
Once you achieve every month better than the industry, then you look at this condition. But 
growing better than the industry is absolute must. 
JP Morgan AM: 
Okay. So going again by that metric, let's go back to bike riding. And personally, I'm a man of 
bike riding, and I think that's a fine bike. For teammates, that's a high-end commuter bike, let's 
say, in India. But you suggested you're not happy with this performance. Let's say, we go for 
this, we go on for a few more years, that it is not growing faster than the market. If anything, it's 
over time losing share. Where do you know when to say, this is enough? We need a new product, 
or we're getting out of this segment. Has that happened? Or how would you take that decision? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
We have done more in that. I can tell you; we stopped the Victor. It was a stupid decision because 
we did the recall campaign, and we unnecessarily allowed competition to say, oh, we will not 
recall. It's all faulty, faulty, faulty. But the customers who bought the Victor, they are extremely 
happy. We didn't understand that. I'm talking about 2004, 2005. Then we had a brand for a 
Centra. It was not moving, we stopped. Then there was a product called Phoenix, we stopped. 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
So we are one company, if you make a mistake, and that is not going to change, we take a bold 
decision. But what happens when you make such decisions, is that you lose confidence, and 
somebody else gains confidence.  
JP Morgan AM: 
And these are examples of you stopping products, not examples to you saying, we probably 
shouldn't be in this segment. Let's get out of it. 
TVS Management: 
Yes, because it is, in my opinion, in every segment, product makes a huge difference, 80% is 
the product. And you have to be humble, and you have to say that, look, I made a mistake, let's 
move on.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Can I just try and, sorry, go ahead, do you have the follow up about all? Yes. No, no, but please 
go ahead, go ahead, Amit. So can I try and connect a few of the areas you've talked about? You 
know, the top line focus, the product side pricing with the financials, and maybe this is one for 
the Pacific Arms, but if we look at what, and then there are some areas that I would be happy to 
clarify, but if you look at, clearly what you've done at the top line and the market shares, they've 
been exactly as you've talked about, and there's clearly been a huge gain there. If I look through 
how that's actually happened, particularly in terms of the balance sheet, and again, correct me 
while I'm wrong, it looks like a lot of that comes, and what's very commendable is that, actually 
from an equity perspective, you've not actually had to issue any new shares for what I could be 
since you lifted, but I think obviously a significant increase in leverage, and so you've taken 
more and more debt over the years to fund some of these activities, and that's obviously been 
driven by capex, and you haven't really, if I look at the last decade, there's not been really any 
big cash flow generation of the business. So just want to try and put the context of what's come 
and what's about to come in the future, about how I should think about, how you think about the 
balance sheet and leverage, cash generation, capex? And whether and again, when I look at, I 
mean, some of these, I can't, we could try, but you have things like receivables from financing 
activity and other financial assets and stuff of your balance sheet, maybe you can just try and 
connect those bits together, how should we look at it in terms of clean, for the capex and the 
balance sheet going forward?  
K Gopala Desikan: 
Before takes over, I just want to give you context here. One, we switched over to the cash and 
carry model three years back. Earlier, we were offering credit to the dealers and thereby a huge 
receivables we were carrying in the balance sheet. Today, I just want to make one statement. As 
a standalone entity, we are generating free cash flows after our investments, after our capex 
related spend, therefore the company is generating free cash flow today. Last two and a half 
years, or three years close, company standalone is generating free cash flow. Before the 
investments, in the overseas subsidiaries. That's the first point. 
JP Morgan AM: 
I'm just trying to understand. Okay, so you're making cash flow from operations, but after 
investments, and then when you said here about money to international subsidiaries, is that what 
I'm seeing here in terms of… 
K Gopala Desikan: 
I'm trying to say that the investments, the acquisitions, what has happened in the last two years, 
that is the main reason why we have gone for a loan funding. Otherwise, the operations wise, 
including my EV-related operations, today, it's all funded over the internal cash generations. 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Second is, as far as investments are concerned, they're all strategic, long-term, involving cash 
outflow, and also requiring support for a few more quarters. And therefore, that has to be funded 
over and above the internal cash generation through loan funding. 
And today, my leverage, if you see the leverage on source, it's not very much. Against the 
network, I have a leverage of less than, around 0.5, something like that. Not even one time to 
my networth  today. It's very less. My networth is close to INR5,000 and odd crores. My loan is 
around INR2,000 crores, which includes a sales tax, fee loan of around INR400 crores, INR500 
crores. Therefore, I'm not over-leveraged, and the loans are taken only for strategic investments, 
which come back.  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
I have two important points to highlight here. Five years back, in a similar context, I used to get 
a lot of questions on Indonesia. We invested in Indonesia, and a lot of questions used to be asked 
in there. When is it going to, you have invested quite heavily in Indonesia, you have designed, 
developed, and you have a plant there. What are the planning to do? At the same time, we also 
started the credit services. The retail financing, but in financing now, it's not only retail 
financing, it has got many other financing actions in that company. Both were not profitable. 
But today, in the last couple of years, both are extremely profitable. Indonesia last year was 5 
million, and this year is going to be extremely good in terms of overall profitability. TVS Credit 
Services, I think that the size is more than INR20,000 crores, and last year, I had already INR500 
crores of PBT.  
So the point I wanted to highlight is, if I look at success rate where we have invested, and what 
kind of returns, we have been very successful. So currently we have invested in Norton or SEMG 
or the other e-cycle businesses, which are going to be the order of the day. And second, now we 
are into the EV business.  Currently we are selling only in India. So, EV business gives us an 
opportunity -- and in the two-wheeler business, we are only present in developing markets; 70 
countries we are exporting, and the majority is Africa, Latin America, ASEAN countries. We 
are not yet in Europe or US or Canada. Of course, with our association with BMW, the 310 
series, more than 150,000 customers are there globally, in all the developing markets also.  
But with the EV, it is going to help us also to get into all the developing markets. So, what 
Desikan said is absolutely right, is a strategic investment where you have to invest and we are 
not overdoing it.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Okay, thank you. On the topic of EV, it seems like it is enabling new entrants into the market. 
Some of them getting money from other businesses, like Ola, or some of them have startup 
money. And in the long run, most of these may not be successful, and they'll probably go away. 
But until their money runs out, as long as they remain in business, they're very bad. They will 
seriously depress profitability. And do you see the danger of the fragmentation and multiple 
variable profitability in EV business? 
K N Radhakrishnan:  
I have a comment there. We have to be precise and there are more than 450 startups in the EV 
business. Some of them may be successful, we can’t roll them out. But I am very happy that 
somebody like among the competitor name we said, I take that as a benchmark, when somebody 
sales 100 thousands bikes and done. Then we have a huge advantage that, ok 100 thousand of 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
units but let’s make. But we don’t want to compromise in build practicality or the quality and 
on i Qube we have more than 35,000 bookings today. I am very happy, at present only about 
250 towns on India. I am not even started export.  Same principle works in Cell chemistry, cost 
will come down. A lot of new products have been planned. I think it’s a question of time, and I 
see a great opportunity to enter into developed market. Developed market the pricing can be 
completely different than that of developing market. So I feel it’s a great opportunity at some 
time this kind of startup challenge is good to have for a 100 year old company. It has got 
tremendous value. Because sometimes somebody has to shake you up. Its good to have 
competition.  
JP Morgan AM: 
You mentioned that EV entry vehicle here, so maybe I can ask you, let’s say that we hope you 
are successful about managing the business. But how about 3 or 5 years from today from TVS 
today. Would it be different?  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
It would be, the one thing I can tell you is that 150 thousand bikes were in the common platform 
with BMW and us. I think customers are really loving, ok. And this partnership has over now 
many years and many products are coming from this and we are designing some from them also. 
So in the initial period, I am going to tell you, on the developed market people have very good 
reputation of EV. And the e-bike, we are really trying to understand the customer. We are trying 
to understand the customer, their buying behavior, how they are using it, ok. And we can 
implement to other markets as well. At 5 years’ time TVS will be there in many markets and 
TVS brand will be really strong in those markets.   
JP Morgan AM: 
Ok. So that’s the only difference, you will have a presence there in the developed market, 
anything else? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Its not the only difference. When the brand gets big, we see the kind of product, the kind of 
premiumisation, you have only seen the success super premium, ok. I may not be able to share 
the complete strategy of the company at this point of time, but I can assure you that you can put 
in a nice than you can imagine.  
JP Morgan AM: 
And what will be different in the domestic market in India, in Africa, LATM, others? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Customers just love us. From what I have seen is today, our dealers, wherever we go, our brand 
is getting built and built and built. Keep up the momentum of delighting the customer and I am 
sure, customer will help us in better pricing, better volume and topline and different experience 
to them, ok. And we have been full work behind product and innovation. And it challenges us, 
you know. It challenges us constantly for new innovation and exactly my point. When I meet 
the software engineers, my electronics engineers they are saying do something new. Exactly 
what is going to help the brand to get built and this is going very well.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Ok, so let me now ask you if, I remember correctly for the next year you have 19m in capex, 
7bn on top of that for additional investment, for long term growth opportunity that you have in 
mind. What are you priorities for cash, and what are you expectation for cash. What would be 
the bank balance? 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
K Gopala Desikan: 
We are extremely prudent on our capital allocation policy. We are extremely prudent. Good 
opportunities come through, and if you are relevant to the business, where we are in we will 
invest.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Any financial criteria for determining that or? 
K Gopala Desikan: 
We have a lot of matrix for fit, and complete due diligence towards financial due diligence 
before we invest and we do have certain benchmark before we decide on these investments. 
JP Morgan AM: 
Amit, any question? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
I have a suggestion to all of you. I have a request to the team. Next time fly to Bangalore, on 
Bangalore you it takes only 35km, you see the plant, see the people, couple of questions what 
you have, it will really get answered. I am really proud of my employees.  It is my advice. See 
the brand, see the plant, see the facility, see how they interact with you. Many of the questions 
that you still have in your mind will get answered.  
 JP Morgan AM: 
Thank you very much for the personal invitation. I was in fact, I did visit the plant couple of 
months ago. And yeah, I always enjoy interacting with TVS. Next time will come along with 
Sandeep and...  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Come along so that I can met you, yeah. I can host you people and when I am not there normally 
me and Desikan speak to the people, but if we are not there.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Absolutely. When you tell about the strength, and when we look at the business, do you see 
any area of improvement? 
K N Radhakrishnan: 
Of course, of course. we are looking at software, electronics we have added new people. How 
we bring them to TVS culture. On one side we have startup concept, on the other side we have 
fundamental basic value and how we build that. Second, I have always seen, money is not the 
problem for business. How do we build the leader, and the businesses? Opportunities are plenty, 
but we need strong leader. I always see that, the nos of leaders you can create and opportunity 
is there its always a gap. Because something you know, we have grown must faster, much faster. 
May be you know a CAGR or a growth rate, we say that you have to grow ahead of industry 
business, it’s a good challenge to have that. Ok. Another important, is sometimes we kind of, 
and I am thanking the government for bringing Euro 5 or tomorrow OBD 2 or something other 
technologies are not available in India. But we are looking at Atmanirbhar. How we design and 
develop in India. How we get it, and the leap time of that, it’s another challenge, ok. So there 
are many areas we are required one as a country. Today say for example, cell manufacturing. 
Then you depend upon imports, which are the countries you can look at it for.  There are many 
many such challenges, many challenges. But we are a very good team. Very good team.  And 
one thing I have seen is that, the infrastructure is improving, the capabilities are improving, the 
software capabilities are on the best I see. So something constantly, what improving we can do.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Thank you very much. Any other question, Amit? 

 
       
TVS Motors Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
JP Morgan AM: 
I have one more final. You talked about what you do and managing new innovation. May be on, 
what you will not do and that could be and channel financing, or anything that competition or 
anything that you will not do?  
K N Radhakrishnan: 
We don’t compromise on the quality of the customer, ok. Desikan can very clearly tell you, that 
our credit services team are best in class, right Desikan.    
K Gopala Desikan : 
TVSCS we are the best today. Collections are far better even before the Covid days, though the 
cost of collection have little gone up. Second KNR can add more clearly. We don’t get into the 
price war.   
K N Radhakrishnan : 
We don’t discount. But when I say that, all of you appreciate, the sales and marketing wants the 
best product you have. And my dealers also want that. So what I do is I match the price of the 
base model, but all the models much higher price, aspirational products and aspirational features. 
The more and more I do that, they have realized that its not about the price and more about the 
quality of the product and aspiration of the customer of our products. Big change in the minds 
of the people, ok. Big change in the front dealers mind. And this a big journey and I can proudly 
say that, March 2020, from the covid period alone, we were not giving credit to the dealers. 
Since then we are giving credit, my dealers are unhappy, my sales team are unhappy, But we 
want people to look at their investment, their money and buy model what they can see. Ok. 
Thank you.  
JP Morgan AM: 
Thank you for all the information that you shared. Thank you so much. 
[End] 
