 
 
KOLTE-PATIL DEVELOPERS LTD. 
CIN : L45200PN1991PLC129428 
Pune Regd. Office: 2nd Floor, Ci ty Point, Dhole Patil Road, Punc 411001. Maharashtra, India. Tel.: +91  20 6622 6500  Fax : +91  20 6622 6511 
Bangalore Office: 121, The Estate Building, 10th floor, Dickenson Road, Bangalore 560042,  India. Tel.: 080- 4662 4444 / 2224 3135/ 2224 2803 
Web.: www.koltepatil.com Email id: vinod.patil@koltepatil.com 
 
To,  
The Assistant Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, ‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400051 
To,  
The General Manager,  
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
 
1st floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: 2 June 2023 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call held on 26 May 2023 
 
ISIN: Equity: INE094I01018 and Debt: INE094I07049 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol and Series: KOLTEPATIL and EQ 
        BSE Code and Scrip Code - Equity: 9624 and 532924 
        BSE Security Code and Security Name – Debt: 974771 and 0KPDL33 
     
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 47(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith transcript of “Q4 FY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” held on 26 May 2023 at 12.00 PM (IST). 
 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Kolte-Patil Developers Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vinod Patil  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A13258 
VINOD 
EKNATH 
PATIL
Digitally signed by VINOD EKNATH 
PATIL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=411038, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=031A4F8F7667DFD6F10
1AD302FF701154E7EC2E00D731A673
EB62A5F34869955, cn=VINOD EKNATH 
PATIL 
Date: 2023.06.02 18:21:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
Kolte-Patil Developers Limited  
Q4&FY23 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to Kolte-Patil Developers 
Limited Q4 FY23 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shiv 
Muttoo from Adfactors. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Shiv Muttoo: 
Thank you Lizann. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on 
the Q4 FY23 Results Conference Call of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited. We 
have with us today Rahul Talele – Group CEO and Dipti Rajput – Vice 
President, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I would like to state that some 
of the statements in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve certain risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard 
is available in the Q4 results presentation which has been sent to you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Rahul Talele to begin the proceedings of this call. 
Over to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Talele: 
Good afternoon. A very warm welcome to everyone present on this call and 
thank you for joining us today to discuss the operating and financial 
performance of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited for the fourth quarter and 
financial year ended 31st March 2023.  
I would like to begin by sharing with you our views and takeaways on the real 
estate environment, followed by an overview of the highlights of the quarter. 
Following which, Dipti will take you through the key financial highlights. We 
then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions during today’s call. 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Let me begin by sharing a few thoughts on the Indian economy and the real 
estate market, the core ecosystem that has a bearing on our operations and 
prospects. The Indian economy has remained stable in the midst of growing 
uncertainty and volatility in the rest of the world, driven by our government that 
prioritizes development and a responsible central bank that has created a 
conducive policy framework. Inflation has also been moderating.  
According to the World Bank April 2024 projections, India's GDP is projected 
to expand by 6.3% in FY24, supported by domestic demand. Public investment 
commitments are visibly expanding and the outlook for private investment 
remains positive.  
The real estate sector is a key component of the economic progress and we 
have witnessed positive momentum in the last year. We anticipate this to 
continue. The affordability of residential real estate in India is still attractive, in-
spite of increase in housing prices and the rise in interest rates which now 
seem to be stabilizing. 
At Kolte Patil, we have effectively capitalized on this favorable demand that 
provides us with an incredible opportunity to fulfill the dreams and aspirations 
of our customers by delivering projects that offer not just comfortable homes, 
but an enhanced living experience. As a result, we have witnessed a surge in 
the demand for our projects, with customers recognizing and appreciating the 
value we bring to them.  
From the operating standpoint, I am delighted to announce that we have 
achieved remarkable success this year. We delivered our highest ever pre-
sales numbers of Rs. 2,232 crore for FY23, meeting our projected outlook on 
the back of increasing volumes and improved realizations. In-fact, the 
Company has undergone orbital change over the last two years where sales 
have nearly doubled from Rs. 1,201 crore in FY21 to Rs. 2,232 crore in FY23. 
This outstanding performance is the result of relentless efforts to expand our 
product offerings, catering to the diverse needs of our esteemed customers 
across key markets.  
Our new project launches have made a significant impact, contributing to 
approximately 51% of our pre-sales figures for the financial year. Furthermore, 
Life Republic, our flagship project, has reached new heights of success. At LR, 
we closed the year with record sales of 1.76 million square feet.  

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
Now covering some key corporate developments – which prime us to carry the 
strong momentum forward into FY24 as well. Most recently in April, we 
received Rs. 206.5 crore from Marubeni Corporation Ltd. (Japan). With this 
amount received in a single tranche, we have additional liquidity to accelerate 
our business development goals.   
Last month we also expanded our MMR presence by signing two new society 
redevelopment projects. These projects in Mulund and Vashi are our first 
ventures outside the western suburbs and significantly diversify our presence 
in Mumbai. Also, with total saleable area of 7.3 lac square feet and top-line 
potential of Rs. 1,200 crore, we now have considerable visibility for improved 
contribution from our Mumbai portfolio.  
Along with this, earlier this month, we have added two new residential projects 
in Pune that have an estimated saleable area of 1.9 million square feet and 
topline potential of Rs. 1,300 crore. Leveraging our strong brand equity built 
over the last 30 years, we have structured these transactions with a low upfront 
investment. This aligns with our objective of driving growth across markets 
while maintaining low capital intensity and driving optimal return on capital.  
As we set our sights on expanding our presence in key markets such as Pune, 
Mumbai and Bangalore, we have devised a comprehensive business 
development 
plan 
that 
encompasses 
outright 
land 
acquisitions, 
redevelopment, and joint developments (JDs) / joint ventures (JVs). Our 
objective is to leverage these strategic avenues to drive growth and unlock the 
potential from real estate demand in these regions. 
Building on the performance of FY23, we would like to outline our objectives 
for FY24. We are hopeful of launching close to 3 million square feet in the first 
half of this financial year. Our goal is to achieve robust sales value of Rs. 2,800 
crore, further strengthening our position in key markets. In FY24, we are 
confident of our ability to secure deals with a cumulative top line of Rs. 8,000 
crore. Our proactive approach to business development ensures that we 
capitalize on emerging market trends and customer preferences.  
With regard to financing our business development initiatives, we have 
maintained focus on operating cash flows while also establishing strong lines 
of funding visibility across financial institutions and funding partners.  

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
With a strong financial framework, strong momentum of new launches, robust 
business development pipeline, and excellent customer satisfaction as the 
point of convergence for all the business efforts, we look forward to continuing 
our secular growth in the coming years.  
With that I now hand over the proceedings of this call to Dipti Rajput to provide 
a financial overview. 
Dipti Rajput: 
Thank you, Rahul. Good afternoon everybody. I will now briefly take you 
through our financial performance for Q4 & FY23. Based on CCM accounting 
in Q4 we clocked revenues of Rs. 797 crore up 112% on YoY whereas for 
FY23 we reported revenues of Rs. 1,488.4 crore, EBITDA for Q4 FY23 stood 
at 173.4 crore and for FY23 stood at Rs. 189.3 crore. Now we would like to 
remind you that recognition of revenue and profits are dependent on the timing 
of project completion based on statutory accounting guidelines. Our net debt-
to-equity stood strong at 0.11 as on March 31st, 2023, and the operating cash 
flow for the quarter stood at Rs. 215 crore and for the full year FY23 the cash 
flow stood at Rs. 529 crore.  
As indicated by Rahul earlier we have reported our highest ever quarterly pre-
sales numbers and look forward to maintaining the momentum going ahead as 
well and we also are confident of meeting all our strategic objectives. With the 
effort put in by the entire team we look to end the year on a strong note and 
deliver on our guidance. 
On that note, I conclude my opening remarks and request the moderator to 
open the line for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Firstly, on launches, a very strong pipeline and you indicated 3 million square 
feet would be launched in first half, how is the clarity on this pipeline, any 
chances that some of them might spill over to next year and Baner project, is 
it happening in first half or second half? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, in regard to Baner project we have received all sets of approval and we 
have already applied to RERA authority and we are expecting a RERA 
approval in next couple of weeks. So, certainly Baner project is getting 
launched in the Q1 itself. In regard to your first half of the question, we are 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
confident of achieving at least 3 million square feet of launches in the first half 
of this financial year itself. At the same time let me accept the fact attached to 
the approval, so there is a certain uncertainty that always remains while taking 
the approvals but keeping cognizance of that we are still confident of launching 
at least 3 million square feet in H1 itself considering our strong launch pipeline 
and the advancement in various projects with our approvals.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
And what about the rest four and a half I mean that should also like largely and 
confidently sail through or there might be certain spillover as well? 
Rahul Talele: 
See all these projects, in most of the projects we have already received the 
environmental clearances which is one of the most time-consuming approvals. 
So, we are confident of launching most of these projects in this financial year 
itself. There can be spillover of couple of projects out of this maybe in the Q1 
of next financial year, but we are confident of launching this inventory and you 
should also understand Pritesh that there is a possibility of launching the 
further phases from this launch pipeline. So, we are currently talking about only 
a Phase-1 of this launches. So, there is an underutilized or untapped potential 
of the further phases from these launches also. So, if we are getting a good 
response certainly we can add that to our launch pipeline immediately. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Secondly I think P&L wise also we did well particularly well this quarter, I would 
like to know which were the projects which contributed to P&L revenue this 
quarter and over 20% kind of EBITDA margin should that be the base that we 
should look at going forward or there is an upside potential even at the 20% 
kind of margin as well?  
Rahul Talele: 
See in these projects we got the contribution largely from our Pune project Life 
Republic sectors and Ivy Project. So, these are the major contributors for the 
revenue recognition and going forward we are confident of achieving good 
margins at the project level, but because of the CCM methodology whatever 
that we are selling three, four years back and whatever the cost we are 
incurring three, four years back is getting recognized now, but my overhead for 
the current pre-sales numbers are also getting recognized in the same quarter. 
So, this is the industry-wide problem for the real estate sector from an 
accounting perspective. But since we are talking about the exponential growth 
in the coming years, there can be certain deviations in the margin, but we are 
still confident of maintaining our margins at the project level and since we are 
now talking about a larger base so that my corporate overheads will be 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
distributed at the larger base and certainly there can be a positive uptick in the 
margins as well for the future delivery which we are currently selling. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And project level margin expectation would be roughly like 25%-odd? 
Rahul Talele: 
See it also depends on which structure that you are opting for. So, for the 
outright transactions the GP's are in the range of 30% to 40% EBITDA are in 
the range of around 20% to 25% and so for the JV projects and for the society 
redevelopment projects, apart from the absolute margin we try to gauge the 
performance on the basis of return on capital IRR. So, from IRR perspective 
we are confident of achieving the IRR upwards of 30% across new BD 
acquisition.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
One last before I jump into the queue again - I think good guidelines on 
business development as well and so Rs. 8,000 crore this year of course that 
will exclude whatever we have added in month of May, right? 
Rahul Talele: 
That is correct Pritesh. So, in the last six months we have added around Rs. 
4,000 crore of business development pipeline, so what guidance that we are 
giving is in addition to that Rs. 4,000 crore. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
In addition to whatever we have added up till May, right?  
Rahul Talele: 
Yes.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
What is the visibility looking because these are big numbers and what kind of 
visibility that you see and what is giving you confidence of adding that many 
projects into the pipeline? 
Rahul Talele: 
Pritesh at this moment of time so there is a very strong pipeline of advancement 
of BD proposal. So, currently due diligence is going on in multiple projects. I 
mean I have always kept sharing this fact that we at Kolte-Patil are very diligent 
in our due diligence process and hence we take a significant good amount of 
time, but on the other side if you see when we are launching a project we are 
getting a good success. So, we will continue to announce the BD deal once we 
are completely satisfied with our due diligence requirement and once we 
achieve the entire closure for our respective projects. So, we are confident 
about achieving these targets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prithvi Raj from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Prithvi Raj: 
So, I do have couple of questions. The first one on your Life Republic project, 
if I see this year sales, almost half of the sales came only in this one project 
and even in the new launches almost half of the new launches are going to 
happen here. I mean we are aware that this is your flagship project, but what 
is that you are doing differently here that we are seeing significant sales traction 
in this project? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, regarding Life Republic as we have discussed in earlier calls so we are 
currently at the inflection point. So, rather we were at the inflection point in the 
last financial year. So, earlier that we used to sell with our top line pre-sales of 
around Rs. 400 to Rs. 600 crore since last four years barring the last year and 
in last year we have more than doubled our numbers to Rs. 1,070 crore of pre-
sales number in this township. Not only we have doubled our numbers, but the 
per square feet price realization there is a significant jump in the price 
realization as well. So, there are multiple factors. So, we have seen this kind 
of performances across our launches. Based on the fact that now we have 
established, we are taking care of the customer requirements more diligently, 
there is a strong market intelligence team working before we launch the 
product. On top of that see big offerings wherein the customers are getting all 
sets of amenities. So, if we club all this together there is a strong momentum 
which is going to be continued for the Life Republic project and I am confident 
to deliver numbers of at least 1.5 million square feet henceforth in the township. 
Our endeavor will be to not only to achieve a pre-sales number but also to 
better our price realization as well so that we can utilize the unutilized FSI in 
the township going forward. So, that is from a township perspective. In terms 
of your question regarding the launches, township we call it a supermarket of 
products. Hence, I need to have the entire array of bouquet available for the 
customer and because of that even my sales and marketing cost is lowest 
across our portfolio for the township project. So, at any moment of time we 
have our inventory from Rs. 30 lac to Rs. 2 crore available in the township 
hence we are launching multiple projects in the township. At the same time 
from non-township projects we are launching mid-size projects wherein the 
launch traction in terms of percentage will be higher as compared to township 
and that is how the dependency on township going forward will be on the lower 
side and we are confident on that. 
Prithvi Raj: 
My second question - you mentioned that you will launch almost 3 million 
square feet in H1, sir for how many projects we currently have approvals in 
place? 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Rahul Talele: 
So, currently we have approvals in place for almost 7-8 projects. So, 
environment clearance is already in place and local level approvals are going 
on. So, to be a precise, for Baner and Pimple Nilakh project we have received 
all sets of approval and we have already applied for the RERA for Baner and 
we are applying for RERA in Pimple Nilakh project which is a non-township 
project and for four projects at township we already have the environmental 
clearances. 
Prithvi Raj: 
And one final question again on the margins, the margins for this year has been 
on a very lower side, so do we expect the 20% EBITDA margin to be 
continued? 
Rahul Talele: 
See Prithvi it is a good problem to have when we are confident about the 
exponential growth. I am confident of achieving these sets of margin or better 
margins at the project level, but when I am talking about a group level margin 
- currently my average realization is close to Rs. 7,000 per square feet, but if 
you see our OC’s or our deliveries or our revenue recognition over there my 
per square foot realization is hardly Rs. 5,300 and Rs. 5,400 while the 
marketing spend on larger base as well as on per square feet on the higher 
side I am spending I am recognizing on the same quarter in which I am 
recognizing a revenue of past few years. So, there can be some kind of 
deviations in the margin in the short term, but it will be in a high teen, but we 
are confident to maintain our margins at the project level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, on the redevelopment projects in Mumbai in Mulund and Vashi, could you 
give us some color because redevelopment is a new product for us, like what 
you would be giving to the existing tenants or unit holders and how much 
deposit, basically we are trying to understand in lieu of what would be the 
outflow for acquiring these project and then by when do you think this project 
should be launched in. Some color on redevelopment projects in these two 
redevelopment projects? 
Rahul Talele: 
If you see our Mumbai portfolio it was concentrated into Western region of 
Mumbai and through these acquisitions we have entered Central Mumbai and 
Navi Mumbai. So, that was the strategic decision to enter this two new growth 
corridors of Mumbai and regarding the B3 Project, so, we have already 
received the partial approvals for this project. So, if you remember in our earlier 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
discussions I always kept on harping that while closing on the BD opportunity, 
we are simultaneously working on the various tedious approval process as 
well. So, we are confident of launching this B3 project in the next 6 to 9 months 
I mean in this financial year itself. Even in case of the Mulund projects, so, we 
are in a very advanced stage in terms of the drawing closures because for the 
redevelopment project there are certain sets of approvals required from a 
general body. So, we have already closed on that tedious process in case of 
this Mulund project as well and we are confident to launch this project with an 
aggressive target in Q4 and the conservative target in Q1 next year, maybe 9 
to 12 months from now. In terms of offerings to the customers, it is a 
combination of what is the current FSI consumption in the society. So, the offer 
is based on that and most of our outflows are linked to approval at the time of 
vacation and during the course of project execution. So, for us redevelopment 
is a good opportunity wherein your investments are very limited and it is at the 
time of vacation of the society and in couple of months we are launching the 
project and in terms of the payback which is one of the criteria we generally 
follow for the redevelopment project it is hardly 4 to 6 quarters of payback of 
our investment. Returns in terms of IRR are good for the redevelopment 
projects. So, over here most important is how you are dealing with the society. 
Based on our strong record of delivery in certain parts of Mumbai we are getting 
multiple opportunities which are not available in the market at a better term 
because our strike rate is 100% whatever the redevelopment projects we have 
acquired in Mumbai we are progressing in all redevelopment projects. That 
was the biggest worry for societies in Mumbai wherein multiple redevelopment 
projects were stalled or were pending since decades and more and hence 
there is a good confidence with the Kolte-Patil in redevelopment space. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My second question is on the Life Republic. So this was a great year, 1.76 
million square feet and in terms of FY24, how much do you think in terms of 
value Life Republic could be contributing and what kind of per square feet price 
escalation have we envisaged in FY24? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, in fact to answer your question, in last two months the recent launch is R13 
sector wherein we have underwritten a price of around Rs. 5,400 per square 
foot for that project. Currently within a launch of four months we are sitting with 
the average realization of more than Rs. 5,700 per square feet in that project. 
So, there is a price uptick of around 4% - 5% is visible in this quarter itself, but 
it varies from project-to-project. So, it varies from the kind of amenities that we 
are offering in the project. Going forward our aim is to better our margins which 
are underwritten at the time of business plan finalization and going forward we 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
are confident of at least crossing 1.5 million square feet benchmark. So, if you 
multiply that by Rs. 5,700 per square feet, it is close to Rs. 700 to Rs. 800 crore 
of pre-sales number from township. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
And my final question is on this township. Currently how many families should 
be living here in this township and also sir if I recall correctly the township was 
earlier kind of positioned as affordable then mid income then you are now trying 
to position it as a premium destination, so in terms of ticket size I know the per 
square foot rate, but in terms of ticket size how has this township moved - 
earlier you are offering maybe Rs. 35 to Rs. 60 lac, now the offering maybe 
Rs. 60 lac to Rs. 2 crore I am just trying to understand how this ticket size have 
moved over the years? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, currently around 4,000 families are residing in township. So, population is 
anywhere in the range of 13,000 to 15,000 already residing in township. At the 
same time around 5,000 to 6,000 homes are under construction at this moment 
in township wherein the possessions are lined up in next few quarters. So, 
every year we are expecting to add at least 2,000 more families in this township 
going forward. Having said that, so now we have a two sets of business 
strategies for this township. One is the affordable category wherein the price 
realization will be in the range of Rs. 5,500 per square foot and it will be a 
regular size units of 800 square feet to, 1,000 square feet of 2 BHK and around 
600 square feet of 1 BHK. So, we will continue to achieve the good amount of 
traction in this cash cow segment of township, but if you compare our recent 
launches we have had a good success in our luxury offerings in township. So, 
we are exploring our 24K district in township. So, going forward, wherein we 
are planning to launch an inventory upwards of Rs. 6,000 per square feet in 
this township. So, this will be a right combination of volume-based strategy and 
value-based strategy going forward in this township. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
My question is on one of the resolutions that we passed in terms of raising 
capital you had mentioned in the board meeting notes that we will raise Rs. 
800 crore of equity. Now just wanted to understand with the cash flows that of 
Rs. 530 crore operating cash flow last year and Rs. 200 crore that we got from 
our partner in this quarter in April, why are we still looking to raise Rs. 800 crore 
worth of equity and especially when you know that probably our stock price is 
also significantly undervalued? 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Rahul Talele: 
So, Viraj this is just enabling resolution in routine course of business. If you 
see our track record we are heavily relying on our internal accruals and we are 
confident of achieving our BD growth through our internal accruals itself and 
there is a scope of leveraging further as we are currently sitting with a 0.11 net 
debt-to-equity ratio. This is just an enabling resolution in the routine course of 
business. 
Viraj Mehta: 
So, is it fair to say that it seems very little plans of raising equity at least at the 
company level in near term and even if it does in at least not be at the valuation 
that we are trading today?  
Rahul Talele: 
That is correct. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Second in terms of BD I just wanted to reconfirm. You said that you are 
planning to launch Rs. 8,000 crore or you will complete Rs. 8,000 crore worth 
of BD this year that is on top of Rs. 2,500 crore that you announced earlier this 
quarter? 
Rahul Talele: 
That is correct Viraj. 
Viraj Mehta: 
And out of Rs. 8,000 crore Rahul how much will be LR and how much will be 
non LR? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, this is the business development new land acquisition that we are planning. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Not launch of project in LR. 
Rahul Talele: 
Not launches and particularly for launches we have already mentioned that in 
our investor presentation. So, there are priority launches of around Rs. 5,200 
crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Balakrishnan from 
ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, my question is in the year, that just went by, we had about 51% sales from 
new launches, so from a sustenance sales point of view I mean assuming that 
from a sustenance sales point of view what are the kind of run rate that we are 
now looking at assuming I am just keeping the inventory aside for a minute. I 
will come to that as a follow up, but from a sustenance sales of point is there a 
number that you are looking at in terms of this is the baseline we have to keep 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
given the kind of overall projects that we have, given LR, given the other 
projects that we have, so if you have any thoughts on that? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, Rohit if I understood your question properly. So, from a sustenance sale 
so which is a sustenance project we are confident of achieving more than 50% 
to 60% of sales from our sustenance inventory and from a new launches 
though we have achieved around 50%, 55% even the 60% I mean one of the 
project 100% sales in the 6 months of launch itself but going forward 
considering the uncertainty attached to launches, so, we will have to time our 
launch as per the festive season and there cannot be launches concentrated 
in one quarter itself. Hence, we are not heavily relying on the launch number 
itself. Our endeavor will be to push our sustenance sales which is certainly 
definitive at the same time and where the better per square foot collections 
visibility is there. At the same time we will explore the maximum opportunity to 
launch maximum during the first half itself so that we can get the entire year to 
push our launch projects. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, essentially for us to reach our Rs. 2,800 crore kind of number for this year 
in terms of pre-sales you are saying that 50% to 60% will be from projects 
which are already launched in the last year or year before that. Is that 
understanding correct? 
Rahul Talele: 
Let me clarify Rohit over here. So, in terms of my total sales around 30% to 
40% sales will come from sustenance and 60% sales will come from a new 
launches, but in terms of my sustenance inventory as I am currently sitting with 
some Rs. 1,700 crore - Rs. 1,800 crore of sustenance inventory, from that we 
are confident of achieving at least Rs. 1,000 crore of sales? 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
And from LR point of view so you mentioned that it is 1.76 last year and you 
were saying that you are confident of doing 1.5 this year. However, I think we 
are slated to launch about close to 4 million square feet in LR itself in FY24, so 
just wanted to understand is that number conservative or is there something 
that these launches will be more back ended and hence you do not think that 
a lot of sales will happen in this year - just wanted your perspective. 
Rahul Talele: 
So, Rohit I have always discussed about the Life Republic the strategy that for 
last year it was to go with the volume-based strategy and now we have already 
crossed certain benchmark internally from volume-based strategy and this year 
our endeavor particularly for township will be to better our price realization and 
there is a multimillion square feet of unutilized FSI lying in the township. So, 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
there is a cascading benefit attached to better price realization. Hence, I am 
not harping too much on achieving better value numbers in a township, but we 
are giving importance to better price realization as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will move on to the next question that is from the line 
of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, my question is that with this kind of cash flow and room in our balance 
sheet to leverage would you think that we would prefer our own projects rather 
than JV, how do you guys think about it and also if you can talk a bit about how 
the land prices are moving because we have observed that land prices have 
sharply moved up so does it have any impact on the project IRR and margins 
that we will make on the future launches? 
Rahul Talele: 
Dhwanil to answer your second part of question. So, in regard to land prices, 
yes there is a movement in land prices in last couple of years. So, there are 
multiple reasons behind it. One is the good industry mindset at this moment of 
time hence demand is high to acquire new land parcels and on the other side 
particularly barring Mumbai, there is a good amount of additional FSI potential 
since last couple of years because of the application of unified DCR across 
Maharashtra and though on a per square foot basis the price is going up, but 
on a saleable FSI basis price is still constant or in fact it is lowering because 
with the same set of projects we have to go with the high-rise development 
with the higher spend on the construction cost. So, these are the facts about 
the land prices and in terms to answer your first part of question, we are 
exploring a multiple structured outright transaction itself to base on the fact that 
we are sitting with a good amount of internal accruals but having said that in 
some micro markets as an entry strategy it is better to have a JV-JDA as well 
and it gives an additional comfort to achieve a better numbers for you in terms 
of the IRR perspective. So, it is a combination of multiple things. So, we are 
working on a structured outright, the pure upfront outright as well and the 
JV/JDA also. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And my second question is on the Mumbai project so I think we went into the 
central suburb then also in the Navi Mumbai, so do we think that the 
incremental projects will be from the existing 3 suburbs, Western, Central and 
Navi Mumbai, that is where we want to capitalize or are we thinking of exploring 
newer micro markets also in Mumbai?  

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Rahul Talele: 
See, this will be our priority area in Mumbai at least for next two to three years 
I mean there is a tremendous opportunity in Western suburbs where we have 
multiple projects further as well as in Central and Navi Mumbai and if you see 
our Mumbai BD strategy, acquisition strategy is quite simple. So, we want to 
have a project acquisition in the range of Rs. 300 crore upwards till thousand 
crore of top line. So that project can be executed quickly, sales can happen in 
4 to 6 quarters and likewise in terms of the unit pricing anywhere in the range 
of Rs. 1.5 crore to Rs. 3.5 crore is what the unit tag we are looking for from a 
business development perspective.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: My question is what we are hearing and even at the site visits what we did in 
for Kolte also, so what we understood was that premium luxury projects are 
doing much better than what they were historically doing and again even better 
in some cases in mid premium projects or mid-price projects. Can you give you 
an idea of launches we are going to do with 7.39 million square feet, how much 
will be 24K and are we focusing more in terms of business development on 
24K product which seems to be now much more matured and the demand also 
seems to be strong and are margin also better in 24K or what is some of the 
thoughts on the 24K project. And the market how are you doing?  
Rahul Talele: 
So, Himanshu in regard to 24K projects we are planning I mean in priority 
launches there are multiple 24K projects. So, Baner, Pimple Nilakh likewise 
NIBM and projects at LR which is R5 and RA11. So, these are the 24K projects 
that we are planning to launch and apart from that in terms of the margin 
realization certainly there is a good amount of jump in the margin. So, 
incremental cost at least if my incremental cost is going by x at least my margin 
is getting improved by 2x. So, that is the best part of the premium project and 
we want to encash on this opportunities considering the fact that we have got 
a good response in our spacious MIG and HIG projects in the past. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And on business development also can you give some light on premium luxury 
are we focusing more on so let us say Rs. 8,000 crore of business development 
which we are planning to do and Rs. 3,900 crore which we did, how much of 
that or Rs. 12,000 crore how much would be on 24K and how much would be 
the let us say the mid-price projects? 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Rahul Talele: 
Himanshu it will be too early to comment on this at this moment of time, but 
yes there is a strong push from us to acquire our projects for a 24K, but from a 
long-range perspective our dependency on 24K projects will be in the range of 
25% to 40% and so we want to capitalize in the price bracket of Rs. 6,000 to 
Rs. 8,000 per square feet particularly for Pune projects and in Mumbai like 
what I mentioned earlier Rs. 1.5 crore to Rs. 3.5 crore.  
Himanshu Upadhyay: And one last thing - In Life Republic it is now 1.76 million square feet and you 
told that now the focus would be pricing or get better realization, so can we see 
that what are you doing or internally that we can get more 24K type of projects 
in terms of revenue contribution in Life Republic in future or let us say premium 
projects, what are you doing with that?  
Rahul Talele: 
Himanshu, if you see the progress of township earlier two years back we used 
to sell in a price category of Rs. 30 lacs to Rs. 75 lacs. So, in the last six months 
we have introduced a category in the range of Rs. 85 lacs to Rs. 1.1 crore. So, 
we got a fantastic response in that specific project which is R13. So, two third 
of our inventories already sold out in four, five months of the launch and 
likewise our 100% inventory got sold out of the row house sector in township 
which was upwards of Rs. 2 crore. So, 100 units all units were sold out. So, 
considering taking this clue ahead we are planning to launch couple of more 
premium projects in the township and like I mentioned earlier so there is a 
premium land big land parcel available in the township wherein we are planning 
to have a 24K or luxury district. So, one will be a regular township projects and 
one will be this premium luxury district which has a potential of beyond 5 million 
square feet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Rahul if you can talk about how do you see the realization moving for us given 
the two factors, given the strong demand that we have in our home markets of 
Pune as well as the increasing proportion of Mumbai and Bangalore in our 
overall sales to 30% in FY25 that we are projecting, so if you can talk about 
both these factors how do you see the realization moving in our home market 
of Pune and the impact of Bangalore and Mumbai contributing 30% to our pre-
sales by FY25? 
Rahul Talele: 
Ankit our realization has gone up from Rs. 6,400 to Rs. 6,800 in this concluded 
financial year and going forward realization is again a very tricky point. It is a 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
combination of, in which project you are selling a maximum inventory, but we 
are confident as per our projections realizations will be close to Rs. 6,800 to 
Rs. 7,000 for FY24, but if you talk about betterment in price realization at a 
project level certainly our endeavor will be to better price realization across our 
offering. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Because we were noticing that the Life Republic realizations have also moved 
up over the past few quarters to almost Rs. 6,000 per feet? 
Rahul Talele: 
Correct. So, it is a combination of retail shops and a residential inventory. So, 
residential price realization is currently around Rs. 5,500 to Rs. 5,600 per 
square feet and because of the retail component it is close to Rs. 6,000 per 
square feet. 
Ankit Gupta: 
But are you seeing given the launches that we have in LR, do you think this 
realization can move to Rs. 6,000 to Rs. 6,500 per square feet over the next 
two years? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, certainly price realization so our endeavor will be to reach as close as 
possible to Rs. 6,000 per square feet first through our residential inventory.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line for Amit Mehendale from Robo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mehendale: 
I have question on from accounting perspective based on you know how we 
expect OCs to be received during the year, do you expect FY23 revenue to be 
in the ballpark range of Rs. 2,000 crore or thereabout?  
Rahul Talele: 
See Amit revenue recognition is the function of your delivery plan for that 
specific financial year. So, we are confident of delivering close to Rs. 1,500 
crore to Rs. 1,700 crore of top line projects in the ongoing financial year. 
Amit Mehendale: 
And my second question is on the margins the PAT margin earlier we used to 
report I think maybe about 12% to 14% of PAT margin, so broadly are you in 
sync with that I mean I am asking from an accounting perspective I understand 
that we talk about EBITDA at project level, but how the accounting cost are 
booked for new launches etc, from that perspective are we still on track for 
these numbers broadly?  
Rahul Talele: 
See for us the operating margins are more important and we are confident of 
achieving our operating margins like I discussed earlier. So, in terms of the 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
accounting margins there can be deviations in the margins. So, it is a function 
of how quickly we are achieving growth because my marketing, my overheads 
I mean there is disconnect between the revenue recognition and your costs 
are getting recognized. So, there can be a deviation, but we are confident of 
our EBITDA margins at a project level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
I just wanted to ask can you give some sense as to how the demand segments 
are doing between Pune markets, consumer segments break up, some 
insights into that. 
Rahul Talele: 
We are getting the demand particularly from a MIG and HIG segment and 
specifically for a spacious units in both these segments. So, our MIG product 
which are less than Rs. 1 crore that is the end user base of first time home 
buyers demand particularly from IT companies and for a product which are 
beyond Rs. 1 crore so there is a significant demand for a product upgrades 
also. So, people are already having properties they want to upgrade with their 
aspirations and they are looking for a betterment in their living standards. So, 
these people are sitting with a good amount of accumulated savings. There is 
lesser dependency on a mortgage and for them affordability is good. So, we 
are getting demand from this sector as well and which is pumping our MIG and 
HIG and 24K products. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Between the three segments auto, IT and investment demand what could be 
the rough breakup that will be helpful? 
Rahul Talele: 
I mean largely it is IT driven for an entry level segment and for beyond Rs. 1 
crore segment it is across the industry. So, there are startup people, there are 
small boutique business-persons who want to upgrade their houses, but largely 
from an end user perspective and auto demand or auto convergence will be of 
single digit for us. 
Anuj Sharma: 
I am saying do you see investors piling on to buy or do you think that is a very 
negligible part of the market? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, for us it is a very negligible part. I mean as a company we largely rely on 
the end user base sales and we are achieving as per our expectations. So, the 
investor base is very minimal. 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line at Dhananjay Kumar Mishra from 
Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Just wanted to know in terms of BD in Bangalore market which we have 
mentioned that we are targeting some BD which will be having top line potential 
of Rs. 1,000, so when do you expect these BD to be closed and as industry 
where all three market like Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai are doing very good, 
so we have been aggressive in terms of BD for Pune and Mumbai market while 
we have been very soft in Bangalore market, so any specific reason you can 
give, some color in terms of how the Bangalore market you see going forward? 
Rahul Talele: 
We want to strengthen our position in Pune market. So, if you see our project 
portfolio we have a presence in a few micro markets which are doing good, but 
we do not have a presence at all in multiple micro markets of Pune. So, since 
we have a legacy of 30 years, there is a good brand recall in Pune market. So, 
we want to capitalize on this opportunity by entering new micro markets of 
Pune that will give us additional value and volume. So, that is our Pune 
strategy. In terms of Mumbai we have done seen successful completion, we 
are getting a good amount of traction in our multiple launches or in fact all 
launches and hence we are concentrating on Mumbai market as well and in 
terms of a Bengaluru  market we want to be associated as a niche player in 
the Bangalore market wherein I mean less than 1 million square feet or 
approximately 1 million square feet of projects that we want to acquire and 
there are couple of opportunities that currently we are evaluating. So, we will 
get clarity maybe in a second half of this financial year. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And secondly in terms of delivery you said that this year P&L revenue will be 
about Rs. 1,700 crore while in last meeting you said that for both FY23 and 
FY24 put together we will be doing Rs. 3000 crore, so FY24 number will be 
slightly lower, so now we are expecting more projects to be delivered so you 
have increased the target for FY24? 
Rahul Talele: 
See FY23 and FY24 collectively it was a Rs. 3,200 crore. So, we have 
delivered around Rs. 1,600 crore in this FY23 and we are confident about rs. 
1,600 to Rs. 1,700 crore the balance deliveries in this financial year. See we 
have to understand the fact that the project cannot be delivered in a one-year 
time. So, whatever we are talking about the aggressive numbers in the last few 
quarters, going forward these projects will get recognized or will get delivered 
in FY25, FY26 and FY27. 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
In terms of square feet what was the delivery in FY23?  
Rahul Talele: 
Again, it will be upwards of 3 million square feet. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And similar delivery you can expect in FY24? 
Rahul Talele: 
Yes. So, FY24 it will be too early to comment at this moment because if you 
are going with some kind of low-rise development that will add to my delivery. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I have just one question on this business development pipeline of Rs. 8,000 
odd crore, so how do you need to fund it I mean if you can give the breakup of 
outright, JD, JV in this and also in terms of like in what stage or how advance 
are you in terms of this Rs. 8,000 crore how much is an advance stages that 
we are in? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, out of this Rs. 8,000 crore so around Rs. 3,500 to 4,000 crore of projects 
we are in very advanced stages and other projects are also quite in advanced 
stages. Having said that, this is the combination of all sets of offering. So, there 
are three projects structured outright and there are projects with our JV/JDAs 
as well. So, in total our fund requirement will be in the range of Rs. 500 to Rs. 
600 crore and we are confident of achieving this funding requirements through 
our internal accruals and if required leveraging is the additional option. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And this funding requirement which you are talking about in terms of outright, 
sir this outright is in which location? 
Rahul Talele: 
I mean it is too early to comment on the locations.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
In location I mean which geography Mumbai, Pune or in Bengaluru? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, currently this outright transactions are in Pune. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And out of this Rs. 3,500 and Rs. 4,000 crore of advance stages largely in 
which geographies? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, 70% is in Pune and 30% is in Mumbai. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I am sorry I just missed one what is the total guidance for FY24 pre-sales? 

 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Rahul Talele: 
So, pre-sales guidance is Rs. 2,800 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Agrawal from 
Yellowstone Equity. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Agrawal: 
My first question is Q4 FY23 we were expecting reported revenue is around 
Rs. 900 crore I think that is what you had probably guided versus Rs. 800 crore, 
so just want to know were there any OC that were delayed? 
Rahul Talele: 
See we have received the OC in the month of March which will get recognized 
in Q1 of FY24. So, there are no delays in the OC. So, there is a concept called 
deemed possession so with that accounting practice so this revenue will get 
recognized in Q1? 
Ankit Agrawal: 
For FY24 you have guided Rs. 2,800 crore pre-sales value, what kind of 
volume can we expect? 
Rahul Talele: 
So, if I consider the price realization of around Rs. 6,800 to Rs. 7,000 per 
square feet so volume will be around 4 million square feet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit: 
Just a follow up on margins again you have talked about Rs. 1,600, Rs. 1,700  
crore type of a revenue for FY24. My question is again on the margins because 
if you then take a certain EBITDA let us say 22% odd effectively the reported 
numbers ideally should be significantly North of what you have reported for 
FY23 because you will get an EBITDA of say Rs. 400 crore odd and there is 
hardly any significant amount of interest or depreciation and so on, sir I would 
like you to comment broadly not specifically on numbers, but do you expect a 
very significant jump in the reported profit after tax?  
Rahul Talele: 
So, to answer your question it will be in line with what we are delivering in last 
few quarters, but we are confident so I will harp on that again. We are confident 
of achieving a project level margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will be taking the last question that is 
from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, Rahul my question was for FY24 in terms of pre-sales this would be largely 
driven by Pune or I mean from a share perspective Pune share will go up or 

 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
because we mentioned that the ASP will continue to remain the same, so just 
wanted to understand that part and then I have one follow up question on the 
one of the questions that I already asked? 
Rahul Talele: 
See in FY23 we have achieved around 80% sales from Pune from value 
perspective and 20% from Mumbai and Bengaluru together. So, we will 
continue to achieve a similar set of numbers from diversification perspective in 
this financial year itself there can be a marginal improvement in diversification 
of couple of percentage. 
Rohit Balakrishnan: 
So, basically Bombay and Bangalore would be more FY25 that it is moving 
towards 30%. I am sorry Rahul I think I am not able to get the question that I 
had asked earlier, so you said just to clarify sustenance sales you said around 
30% to 35% going forward I mean at least for about FY24 and so last year we 
did 51% of the sales as launches this year it will be more like 65%. I mean so 
it will be more driven by the launches whenever they happen, is that 
understanding a fair understanding? 
Rahul Talele: 
That is correct.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Rahul Talele: 
Thank you once again for your interest and support. We will continue to stay 
engaged and if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach Dipti 
Rajput at Kolte-Patil Developers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Kolte-Patil Developers Limited, this concludes the conference call. 
We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
 
