 
 
 
Date: 19th May, 2023 
 
Mr. K Hari  
 
 
 
 
   The General Manager, DCS-CRD 
The National Stock Exchange of  
 
   Corporate Relationship Dept., 
India Limited,   
 
 
        
   Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
 
 
 
   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),         
   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 051.   
    
        
   Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Conference Call held on 12th May, 2023.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the conference call for investors and 
analysts held by Venky’s (India) Limited on Friday, 12th May, 2023 at 02.30 P.M. IST.  
 
Kindly take the said information on your record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
FOR VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
ROHAN BHAGWAT 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl:  As above 
 
 
 
Rohan Ajay 
Bhagwat
Digitally signed by 
Rohan Ajay 
Bhagwat 
Date: 2023.05.19 
14:29:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“Venky's Limited 
Q4 FY ’23 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. N. K. TOSHNIWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, 
OILSEED SEGMENT – VENKY'S LIMITED 
DR. VIJAY TIJARE – GENERAL MANAGER, POULTRY 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S LIMITED 
DR. P. G. PEDGAONKAR – POULTRY SEGMENT – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK KHOSLA – GENERAL MANAGER, AHP 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. J. K. HANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN BHAGWAT – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Venky's Limited Q4 FY ‘23 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, thanks Dorwin. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 FY ‘23 and FY 
‘23 results conference call of Venky’s India Limited. We have with us senior management 
represented by Mr. N. K. Toshniwal, General Manager, Oilseed Segment, Dr. Vijay Tijare, 
General Manager, Poultry Segment, Dr. P. G. Pedgaonkar from Poultry Segment, Mr. Deepak 
Khosla, General Manager, AHP Segment, Mr. J. K. Handa, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Rohan Bhagwat, Company Secretary. 
Now I hand over the call to the management for their initial comments, post the initial 
commentary by the management, we will open the floor for question-and-answer-session. 
Thanks and over to you sir. 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Thank you Mr. Aniruddha Joshi. This is Rohan Bhagwat, Company Secretary from Venky’s 
India Limited. A very good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today for the conference. 
The company had published financial results for the quarter and year ended 31, March 2023 
along with information for investors on 10th May. I hope you all have gone through the same. 
Today we have with us the Unit Heads to answer all your queries in respect of their respective 
segments and area of operations.  
Before we start discussing the company's performance, I would like to mention that some 
statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, please feel 
free to reach out to the investor relations team. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jeevan Handa, our CFO, to make the opening comments. 
Over to you Mr. Handa. 
J. K. Handa: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome. I am Jeevan Handa, CFO. Once again, I am 
pleased to interact with all of you on the Venky’s earning call. I hope you have gone through 
the results and the information to the investors. As you have seen, Venky’s performance for 
the quarter and year ended 31, March 2023 has been subdued. In a challenging scenario where 
the poultry feed cost has been high, there have been some issues in terms of lower realizations 
from the sale of day old chicks and grown-up broiler. Added to these factors, the performance 
of oilseed segment has also been affected due to lower realizations from finished products, that 
is, De Oiled cake and oil. 
As far as the current quarter is concerned, not much improvement has been seen in the month 
of April. Realizations from the sale of poultry products has not been seen in any major 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
improvement. However, we are hopeful that the overall scenario will start improving in near 
future. Prices of poultry feed have declined by a reasonable percentage and we hope that 
barring some external factors, the feed prices may not see big increase till March ‘24. 
With this briefing, we now would like to answer your questions. You may please go ahead 
with questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Akshay Krishnan from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Hi, sir. This is Akshay. So, just wanted to understand what is the traction on the HoReCa 
segment you are witnessing at some point? 
Management: 
Yes, we, from Venky's process for division, we supplied products to three segments, basically 
one for HoReCa, one for quick service, restaurant chain and one for the retail market. So, these 
three segments are there and when we supply to HoReCa, in HoReCa also we have two 
sectors. One is fresh chilled chicken with fresh chilled boneless chicken that we supplied to the 
various restaurants and caterers and also we supply frozen processed food products which are 
used for their own preparations for HoReCa sector. 
But in addition to that, lot many people consider HoReCa sector also as a QSR sector. So, let 
me update to you that we are supplying to around eight QSRs, which includes KFC and Pizza 
Hut, Taco Bell, Nandu's and Venky's Express, Venky's Experience, McDonald's, all these 
organizations are there and we supply to these people also. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Thank you, sir. So, I just wanted to get some light on the RM outlook. So, how do you see the 
price moving and what is the overall outlook and what will be the margin for the change in 
near term? 
Management: 
When we calculate a margin right now, when, during the briefing of our CFO has already 
explained to you, so there was a cost of feed ingredients for the production of birds is reduced 
in this last quarter. And we are expecting a similar price reduction in the cost of production. 
And when there is a reduction in the cost of production, particularly for quick service 
restaurant chains with some of the leading quick service restaurant chains, we have open 
costing with them, we share open costing. So, it also reflects to them on our pricing. And we 
keep some margin percentage always with us while we supply the products. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
So, are we witnessing any inflationary pressure even going forward? Like, what will be your 
trajectory, you would say? 
Management: 
Yes, there is always, there is an increase in inflation rate because of power, energy, water cost 
and labor cost, this inflation we always consider while we prepare the costing sheets. But 
these, since we are dealing with this quick service restaurant chains over the years and since 
we also share them open food costing, so that is convenient, that is not an issue and in fact we 
had almost closed all our pricing structure for next six months with all the QSRs to whom we 
are supplying. 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Okay, great sir. So, since we spoke about the QSR, so we wanted to get an understanding, how 
are we witnessing demand in these semi-urban areas, especially on the QSR space? So, is there 
a traction and how do you identify the spots into this? 
Management: 
Yes, what we have observed is all these quick service restaurant chains are expanding more or 
less 10%-plus and minus and around 10%-plus, that is their expansion plan. And what we 
witnessed when these QSRs, they came into Indian market, particularly international QSRs, 
they started their operation in A-Grade cities. Now, what we found is, they are now also 
moving to B-Grade cities and where the demand is more and the appreciation for the product is 
also more and that is how most of the QSRs in our opinion are shifting from A-Grade cities to 
B-Grade, maintaining the expansion plans in A-Grade cities also.  
Akshay Krishnan: 
Okay, great. So, one final question sir, I will come back in the queue. So, we want to 
understand the volume numbers for the broilers, DOC and the layers that have been sold in. 
So, on the quarter and also on the value of term. 
Management: 
In regard to broiler chicks, day old chicks which are we selling, last year we sold almost 11.31 
crores against previous last year of 10.56 crores. And similarly for layer chicks, for this year, 
‘22-‘23, it is 4.16 crores, whereas last year it was 5.03 crores in regard to the number. 
Similarly, commercial broiler birds, it was sold 8.63 crores kgs and last year it was 8.29 crores 
kgs. So, this is in regard to the volume which we keep this year as well as in the previous year, 
in comparison to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I wanted to understand that in all of our three segments, sir, if you could give us some idea 
that what kind of steady-state operating margin should we expect in each of the three 
segments? 
Management: 
So, there are three segments. One is poultry and animal health product segment and then oil 
seed segment. So, in oil seed segment, there is a reduction in the percentage of margins 
because the raw material prices were on the lower side and there was no opportunity in regard 
to the stock and all those things. 
Management: 
Here, the percent of margin in oil seed region, we can normally expect a 3% margin in the 
terms of value. And second thing, what happens is this is a commodity business, so there is an 
opportunity benefits are also there, which whenever it arises, that could be the additional profit 
for the industry. 
Keshav Garg: 
Right, sir. Oil seed and animal health product margin? 
Management: 
Yes, animal health is a very stable business. It's a margin of around 21% to 22% annually. 
Keshav Garg: 
And so, lastly, poultry? 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Management: 
Yes. With regard to poultry, if you go through our past analysis from last six to seven years, 
you will find that there will be exceptionally high profit and sometimes it's exceptionally low 
profit. As purely this poultry business is dependent on the raw material prices. So, in our 
commentary also, we have commented that the prices of soya and maize, basically that decides 
the margin of the profit with regard to poultry business is concerned. 
So, with regard to poultry business, if a steady business goes, then we can expect the 
profitability of 8% to 10%. However, we have witnessed that there is no steady profit as such 
because the ingredients prices varies a lot, particularly maize and soya. So, last to last year, we 
have witnessed soya price as high as INR100 and today the same soya price is around INR50. 
So, we can see a lot of variation with regard to ingrained prices. So, it will be too hard to 
predict a steady profitability as per our point of view. 
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you. Sure sir. Sir, also, lastly, wanted to understand that in our investor presentation, we 
have mentioned that non-volatile or less volatile manufacturing activities was approximately 
71% of sales and 29% or INR1,240 crores came from basically volatile segments. Sir, our total 
revenue for poultry segment last year was INR1,752 crores. So, out of INR 1,240 as volatile 
and INR812 crores is non-volatile. So, what is this INR512 crores of revenue in poultry 
segment which is non-volatile? 
Management: 
Correct. Good question. With regard to poultry, as we say that we have three different 
segments under poultry. One is a processing sector, second is a SPF division and third is a 
purely poultry division. So, when we give this particular picture of INR 1,751 turn over with 
regard to poultry, the INR 1,751 includes SPF, this includes processing and this includes 
poultry. 
Even in poultry, there is a further bifurcation that we do sell broiler hatching eggs, we do sell 
broiler chicks, we do sell layer chicks and at the same time we have integration division where 
broiler birds are sold. So, when we talk of non-volatile segment, we consider processing as a 
non-volatile segment. When we consider non-volatile, we consider SPF division as a non-
volatile. So, though it is shown in poultry INR1,751, but if you further bifurcate this INR1,751, 
you will find that almost INR400 crores of turn over will come from non-volatile though it is 
shown in poultry. 
So, this is an explanation with regard to volatile and non-volatile. That is why we have 
published that 71% is non-volatile and 29% is a volatile. So, when 29% volatile we say it is 
purely a poultry business whereas, I have recently explained that the profitability depends 
more on maize prices and soya prices where the profitability can vary as high as and as low as, 
I mean when we talk of last year the profitability was very high in poultry division INR266 
crores and this year it is hardly INR54 lakh. So, this much variation when we calculate, we 
calculate it as a volatile segment. So, that is an explanation with regard to volatile and non-
volatile. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure sir, well noted. And Sir, lastly, sir, for you mentioned the volume that we did in last two 
years, but for this year sir, any expectation in percentage terms in terms of other poultry 
segment and oil seed segment that what kind of volume growth we are looking at? 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Management: 
In oil seed sector, we are looking for about 7% to 10% growth in the terms of volume. As far 
as the value is concerned, we cannot predict the growth because the prices are market driven 
and quite speculative. So, therefore, we normally plan out our growth in terms of volume, 
which this year we expect around 7% to 10% in terms of volume. 
Keshav Garg: 
So, for poultry? 
Management: 
We are expecting the same growth as per as poultry is concerned. However, when we talk of 
value growth, a lot depends on the ingredient prices and the realization of broiler birds. But as 
far as our target is concerned, we are expecting 8% to 10% of growth with regard to poultry 
business. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, lastly, are animal health product revenues are totally flat year-on-year? Sir, so in this, 
FY-24, any growth is expected? 
Management: 
Yes. For animal health reasons, last year it was a flat because we were restructuring over new 
product lines. And we expect for ‘23, ‘24, we are expecting a growth of around 15% to 17% in 
the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, sir, just one question, how do you see the long-term opportunity in the branded products? 
So, we have Venky’s ready to cook products range launched many years ago. Obviously, it has 
done well to some extent, but still, we see there is still a lot more scope for distribution and 
new product launches, etcetera. So, what has been the update on that segment? And secondly, 
well, many QSRs are coming up. So, how do you see the sourcing arrangements to these 
QSRs? Do you see that as a large growth opportunity for us? And as far as our revenue mix is 
concerned, which are the key QSRs that we are catering to and where we see some definite 
potential for growth over the next three to four years? Yes, that's it from my side. 
Management: 
So, the key QSRs to whom we are supplying, one is KFC, then we are also supplying to 
McDonald's. We are also supplying to Vista Foods, who is also producer for products for 
McDonald's or their internal company. And then we are supplies to Pizza Hut, we are supplies 
to Taco Bell, we are supplies to Nandoos. And then there are two more new emerging food 
service restaurants chains, which are expected in India. 
One is Papa Johns, they are coming up with big investment. And also, there are certain 
expansion plans for one more pizza chain called as Little Caesar. So, these are the new QSR 
chains, which are coming. And we are in contact with the present QSRs to whom we are 
supplying products on a regular basis. As I explained to you in the last question, that more or 
less their expansion plans are around 10% plus minus. And there is a big potential for the sales. 
And we are not only the suppliers for the products to them, we are also developing the 
products for them. And what happens is they also do not want to keep the same products over 
the year. 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
So, we have a research and development unit with us. We work with their chefs and their 
executives and we develop new products for them. And the same product is for the launch or 
hold out in a market as per their plan, marketing plan. So, this is for the QSRs. For the retail 
chain, we are already present in more than 6000 retail outlets all over India, which covers A, B 
and C categories of cities. And of course, yes, there is a good expansion plan for us and there 
is also a good expansion scope for these products. 
What we recently started actually after COVID or during the COVID, the business model is 
slightly diverted or I will not say diverted, but we have an addition of the new range of, same 
range of the products to be marketed to e-commerce. So, now we are supplying our products to 
Swiggys, BigBasket, Grofers, Rapido and Dunzos. So, these are the people who are supplying 
our products to them. So, when we say that we have more than 6,000 outlets, these are 
additional avenues open for marketing the products. 
Presently, we have about 34 SKUs for processed food branded products and about 12 raw 
branded products, which are supplied in the name of Venky’s. And we plan to launch certain 
new products in next quarter and we feel that next quarter with the launch of these new 
products would be very well appreciated. Likewise, we launched our some new products in 
last financial year. Those were appreciated. So, this also we will be planning for the new 
products in this. I think I have answered your question. Is there any question? 
Analyst: 
No sir, this is very helpful. Just some housekeeping questions. How do you see the capex for 
FY ‘24-FY ‘25 and the dividend strategy for the company? Yes, thank you. 
Management: 
In regard to the capital expenditure for ‘23-‘24, it is a routine expenditure. Only one new 
project has been started, which is of animal health products. The estimated cost of the new 
project is to the extent of INR50 crores, which shall be funded from our own generations only 
and no new funding is being taken. In regard to the dividend, that will be decided by the board. 
Analyst:  
 
Yes. Thank you. That is it from my side. Very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Mantri from Flute Aura Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Hello sir. Sir, my question is that since our business is very much exposed to volatility and 
pricing pressures, so what all measures are we looking at to mitigate that effect and any 
strategic potential move which can help us insulate such type of volatility and pricing? 
Management: 
Yes, if you go through the strategy of Venky’s from last few years, the burden as far as the 
volatile sector was concerned was more than 45% to 50%. So the more reliance was there on a 
live bird sale and more reliance was there on a chick sale in regard to broiler and layer. So 
slowly, slowly we have moved from this volatile sector and we have increased our businesses 
in non-volatile sector, in particularly processed food, in particularly oilseed segment and in 
particularly AHP segment.  
So all that put together, by keeping the poultry, I mean the quantity and volume and value to 
make sure that other volume and other value increases. So by that way, we are reducing a 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
percentage of volatile and we are increasing a percentage of non-volatile. That definitely will 
take care of uncertainties and that definitely will give some steadiness as far as overall profit is 
concerned. That is our strategy and that's where we are following which is evident from last 
two, three years results. 
Harsh Mantri: 
 
Sir, any future diversification in terms of extending our offerings? 
Management: 
 
There is no diversification planned as such for the company. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Okay, sir, one more question. In terms of our inputs, as you mentioned that the prices of maize 
and says have been looped up in the last year. So I would like to have a more discussion on 
what is our strategy in purchasing of raw material, how much time do we hold and what is the 
overall process in the same? 
Management: 
As far as this holding and inventory, it is not some sort of a fixing strategy. It depends on the 
perception what we see for the future markets. Right now, last one or two years, there has been 
a very different change from the market. See, earlier, when the arrival of crop used to be there, 
the people will stop the material. And in the off season, maybe April, May, June, the prices 
will shoot up and the benefits will be accrued on that account.  
But now this is what upon the crop of our maize and soya both have been growing up in the 
country and the holding at the farmers' level. Agriculture farmers' levels are also very good. In 
the last couple of years, they have got a very good price. So now these days the availability of 
both the materials are throughout the year it is available. The question is only the price. When 
all the prices are good, material comes good in the quantity. When prices are down they hold, 
so it is going on continuously. And material is throughout the year available. So we cannot 
have a fixed strategy now for restoring the material for a longer period. 
Harsh Mantri: 
 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I am trying to understand, sir, you explained about the raw material prices due to which we 
were hit. Sir, but as far as the demand supply equation is concerned in poultry products, 
especially in broiler chicken, let say. Sir, so what is the demand supply? Sir, is there an 
oversupply? And if not, sir, then why is the industry not able to take price hike? 
Management: 
Yes, thanks for this question. For this, I would like to take you to the broiler bird prices of last 
three years. When we see the last three years prices post-COVID, we can see that during the 
period of COVID, the broiler prices for the realization to the net farmers was approximately 
INR70 to INR72. So that INR72 benchmark has gone to INR78 to INR80. So ideally, this 
should have added 8% to 10% of the profitability. But unfortunately, the prices of maize and 
soya, which the then was around INR15 to INR16 has moved to INR22 to INR23. And the 
same with regard to soya, the prices, which were somewhere around INR35, INR36, has gone 
up to INR66 and INR67. 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
So when your input cost is going more than 20%, the realization ideally should go 20%, but 
that never happens in consumer market. Consumer market, when customer is used to paying 
for INR70 suddenly he is not changing his benchmark directly to INR85 and INR90 though 
your product production cost changes. So this is the basic reason we get hit when the prices of 
ingredient changes. The price benchmark for consumer, it takes a time to absorb, adopt and 
then change. So usually the period required is one and a half year to two years to accept and 
adopt if sudden abrupt change in the prices are there. 
So this phenomena, which we have observed post COVID, that the prices of ingredients, 
particularly maize and soya, has gone up like anything, but the same price to go up as the 
regard to broiler price, it took us almost two and a half years to three years. Today's benchmark 
for poultry is INR90 to INR95 is well accepted realization, which was not the case one and a 
half year, two years back. So this INR95 benchmark is today accepted by the consumer. 
Tomorrow if maize price and soya price comes down, and if your cost of production comes to 
INR80 one can see a sudden surge in profitability, which may not be the true picture of that 
particular situation. So this is what is happening in poultry. 
Either there is a sudden increase in ingredient prices and the realization is also moderate. And 
other way, the realization is good and cost of production is going down. So this is the reason 
why you are seeing abrupt change in the profitability with regard to poultry division. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, what I'm trying to understand sir, the point you made is well appreciated. Sir, but what I'm 
trying to understand is that if you see past two years, FY23 and FY22, then the poultry 
segment, it has really not made any money for us. Sir, and it should be a fair picture for the rest 
of the industry also. So many small farmers must have gone out of the business due to losses, 
etc. So that would have reduced the supply and as the demand is quite steady. So will that not 
lead to increase in basically prices and realizations of poultry products? 
Management: 
Yes, that phenomena was there when COVID came in the period of 19-20 and 20-21. You can 
see that 19-20, lot of small farmers, they have reduced their operation or closed down their 
operation. The benefit of which has gone to organized players. But over a period of time when 
prices started stabilizing, those small and medium players, they have restarted their operation. 
So in poultry business, small and medium farmers are not completely closing down their 
operation. It's a suspension of the operation by medium and small player because the cycle is 
short. 
So these people usually whenever the period is good, prices are good, they restart their 
business. So this phenomena by small farmers and marginal farmers is on-off phenomena. It is 
not completely on or it is not completely off phenomena. So this is the reason why you will 
find that there is a regular increase in the consumption, which is to the tune of 6% to 8%. But 
whenever the production is high, realization is less, input cost is high, that time it takes a hit on 
the profitability, particularly realization and cost of production. 
Keshav Garg: 
So sir, and lastly I wanted to understand so that even though on the poultry side, boiler side, 
things are lukewarm, sir, if we look at egg powder exports from India, they are probably at an 
all-time high and all the companies in that segment are there really. I think it's the last one year 

 
 
 Venky’s Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
is the best ever year for them like listed place like SKM eggs. So are we not present in that 
segment at all? Can't we just export our eggs? 
Management: 
Actually your point is valid and well taken, but thing is that right now your company is not 
into egg processing segment. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay sir, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Management: 
Thank you all again for joining us for this con call. We are very happy to answer all your 
questions. In case if any question has remained unanswered or any further details are required, 
we request all to please contact our investor service team. We will be replying to all the 
questions. Thank you all and thank you ICICI Securities. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
