1 of 1 
 
 
 
 
CIN # L99999GJ1987PLC009768   
Regd. Office: 9-10, GIDC Industrial Estate, WAGHODIA, Dist.: Vadodara, 391760 
Ph. # 75 748 06350 E-Mail: co_secretary@20microns.com 
Website:www.20microns.com 
 
31st October, 2023 
 
TO: 
 
BSE LIMITED 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
MUMBAI – 400 001. 
SCRIP CODE : 533022 
 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LIMITED 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, Bandra 
– Kurla Complex, Bandra [East], MUMBAI – 
400 051. 
SYMBOL : 20MICRONS 
 
 
Re: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings 
call held on 26th October, 2023 post announcement of financial results of the Company for 
the quarter/half year ended 30th September, 2023. 
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.20microns.com/. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For 20 Microns Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Komal Pandey] 
Company Secretary 
Membership # A-37092 
Encl.: A/a 
KOMAL 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by 
KOMAL PANDEY 
Date: 2023.10.31 
11:59:01 +05'30'

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               1      
26.10.2023                                                
 
 
 
20 Microns Limited  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time        
:  26/10/2023, 15:00 Hrs. 
             Event Duration                      :  63 mins 05 secs 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
      Mr. Atil Parikh 
      Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Mr. Tushar 
   Ventura Securities Limited 
 
Moderator 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 20 Microns Limited Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Ventura Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * and then 0 on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to hand over the call to Tushar from Ventura Securities Limited. Thank you and over 
to you Tushar. 
 
Tushar 
 
Thank you. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Ventura Securities Limited, I welcome you 
all to 20 Microns Limited Q2 and H1 FY24 earnings conference call. The company is today represented 
by Mr. Atil Parikh, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. I would now like to hand over the 
call to Mr. Parikh for his opening remarks, post which we can start the question-and-answer session. 
Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY24 earnings 
conference call of 20 Microns Limited. I would like to begin by offering a brief overview of our 
company. 20 Microns Limited is a pioneering and a leading industrial mineral company with a rich 
experience spanning across three decades. We are the frontrunners in revolutionizing the 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               2      
26.10.2023                                                
 
Micronization of various industrial minerals with a systematic approach in India. Our product range 
includes an array of non-metallic industrial minerals like calcium carbonate, talc, kaolin, mica, quartz, 
dolomite, natural red oxide and various specialty chemicals and functional additives, like mineral 
based fertilizer, construction chemicals and many more. 
 
With nine state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and warehouses across India, including Gujarat, 
Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, we have a collective manufacturing capacity of 4,50,000 
metric tons per annum. Additionally, we operate five different mines in India, collectively holding in 
total mining reserve of approximately 169 lakh million tons. Our products are used as building blocks 
in various industries, like paints and coatings, rubber, plastics, paper, tires, ceramics, agrochemicals, 
containing and many more. Currently, we saw a wide range in customer base across the world, 
including 65-plus international countries.  
 
We proudly cater to more than 200-plus clients representing a wide array of industries, which also 
includes well established companies like Berger Paints, Asian Paints, Kajaria, Pidilite, L&T, Kansai 
Nerolac, Finolex, ONGC, JK Tyre, AkzoNobel, and many other.  
 
Moving onto the financials, our revenue from operations increased by 6.35% and stood at ₹ 1,997.03 
Mn in Q2 FY24 compared to ₹ 1,877.78 Mn in Q2 FY23, on account of surge in demand for our products 
in the underlying industries like paints, rubber, plastics, and others led by extended festive season and 
increase in propensity to consume. Further, EBITDA increased by 28.25% from ₹233.44 Mn in Q2 FY23 
to ₹299.40 Mn in Q2 FY24, and margins improved from 12.43% to 14.99% during the same period. This 
impressive performance can be attributed to our sustained commitment to cost efficiency, resulting in 
reduced power and fuel expenses and improved negotiations for freight charges during this period. 
PAT increased by 34.24% and stood at ₹160.54 Mn in Q2 FY24 compared to ₹119.59 Mn in Q2 FY23, 
margins improved to 8.04% from 6.37% during the same period.  
 
During H1 FY24, our exports contributed ~16.0% of the total sales. Coming onto our revenue spilt, 
paint industry contributed ~50% to the total revenue followed by ~23% by plastics and rest by rubber, 
paper, ceramics and others. Further, our subsidiary 20 Microns Nano, engaged in manufacturing of 
specialty chemicals and soft industrial minerals, contributed ~12.0% to the total revenue. 
 
One of the key drivers of our future success is our unwavering commitment to research and 
development. We invest heavily in fostering a culture of innovation, constantly pushing the 
boundaries of what is possible. Our dedicated team of 45 to 50 people continuously focused on 
innovation by developing a wide range of product in our in-house R&D facility in Vadodara, Gujrat. 20 
Microns remains unwavering in its commitment to delivering high-quality products and innovative 
solution. Through the ongoing research and development initiatives and close collaboration with both 
the domestic and international customers, we continue to enhance our product portfolio catering to 
diverse markets. 
 
As one of India's leading producers of ultrafine industrial minerals and specialty chemicals, we are 
expanding our global footprint and diversifying our product mix. We added 61 products in our offering 
during the financial year FY23. Further, I would also like to highlight some of our recent developments 
in terms of technology upgrade where we have introduced automation across various different 
business functions in our company, including the tracking material logistics, creation of purchase 
orders, which according in ERP system, when the notification for short repeats and material rejections, 
automated payment advice is given to our vendors.  
 
Additionally, we have also integrated ERP, CRM and HRMS system to efficiently gather data from key 
specific modules to sales, production finance, quality control, material management, sales tracking, 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               3      
26.10.2023                                                
 
executive performance and employee activities among other critical areas. In terms of our expansion, 
we have recently expanded in two new regions, including the Middle East which includes Jordan, 
Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and more and Southeast Asia, which includes Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, 
South Korea and Philippine through various distribution agreements. Additionally, we have also 
restructured our distributor relationships in other international markets with a focus on capitalizing 
on the strengths and mitigating their weaknesses, all while optimizing the product portfolios to 
achieve maximum efficiency.  
 
Moving ahead, we are steadfast in our dedication to executing our strategy with precision and we hold 
a strong belief in achieving greater profitability and enhanced cash flow for the fiscal year 2024. To 
realize this goal, we will persist in our efforts to improve the efficiency, including periodic upgrades to 
our machinery and technology. We also accelerate the adoption of digital capabilities and maximize 
the utilization of data using the expanding growth opportunities within our core markets. 
Furthermore, we are confident that our strategic focus and operational excellence will be instrumental 
in significantly elevating the company's growth, profitability, sustainability, and cash generation in the 
near to medium term. I thank you all for your time and I'm happy to answer any questions that you 
may have. Thank you. 
 
Q&A 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you have 
a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. 
If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. First question 
comes from Divya Daga from Global Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Divya Daga 
 
Congratulations for good set of numbers and for margin improvement. I have a couple of questions. 
My first question is, as more than 50% of the revenue of company comes from paint and coatings 
segment and upcoming plants of Grasim and JSW will be helpful for us. So, can you provide that if we 
are in talk or do we have any contracts with them? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, so we are already an approved vendor with JSW, and we are already doing some system supplies 
to the company. In terms of Grasim, we have already initiated the trial orders as an approved vendor 
for them and with the announcement of their different plants across the country, as they open up we 
will be starting to supply to them as well. 
 
Divya Daga 
 
My next question is, in H1 FY22 revenue was INR 374 crores, then in this H1 we have revenue of INR 
391 crores that is 4% growth, 4.5% something. So, you have given a guidance of 15% to 18% revenue 
growth for the year. Will we be able to cover this by the next 6 months? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, we will be able to do that. And yes, we shall. 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               4      
26.10.2023                                                
 
 
Divya Daga 
 
Okay, sir. My last question is, this fall in other expenses from INR 54 crores to INR 48 crores in Q2 and 
from INR 105 crore to INR 94 crores in H1. So, is there any major fall in particular head, can you state? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, there are two heads I would like to define here, one is the power and fuel cost, where the fuel 
costs have gone down, where we are using furnace oil to manufacture our kaolin in Bhuj plant. So, 
that has decreased. Since it's an external thing we are dependent on, so, because of that we have a 
reduction in the fuel cost. And secondly, our export logistic costs have gone down substantially. So, if 
you look at the COVID times the freights have drastically increased to abnormal levels and now they 
have got back to the normal levels. And because of that, earlier times we used to have very high export 
logistic cost and now in this financial year we have a substantial reduction as well. So, these are the 
two factors. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Darshit Shah 
 
Hi Atil ji, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I basically wanted to know little bit about the JV 
that we intend to do with the German company Sievert for manufacturing, construction, chemicals 
and building products. So, any color on what kind of CapEx that we intend to do for this and whether 
it's going to be a completely new plant or in our existing plant we can make those products? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So this, it's too early for us to comment anything on this JV, because we are still in the negotiation 
phase and preparing the terms and conditions for the JV agreement. So, we are still working on the 
conditions and the kind of investments that would go into the formation of this JV and the 
manufacturing that we will be doing. So, in maybe another six to eight weeks we will have a clarity on 
the same and we will be announcing the same in the exchanges. 
 
Darshit Shah 
 
So, this company is a very old, kind of 100-plus year old organization mostly into construction, 
chemicals and building production and probably the revenues are in millions of euros. So, just to get 
an understanding on, if you can give a little bit idea of what kind of products do we intend to make? 
Or probably are these going to be the first of its kind products to be Made in India? Or probably is 
there an export opportunity to, if you don’t want to name the product, just to get a rough idea of what 
are you looking in this JV? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Basically, if you look at ditch day scenario, many of these European companies are willing to enter into 
India. So, definitely this company has been in business for many years and as you mentioned it’s a very 
old known company in Germany. So, they decided, since we had a relationship with this company 
before, we were in discussions of manufacturing certain construction chemicals here in India. So, it's 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               5      
26.10.2023                                                
 
a mix of different chemicals that we will be doing. We are still working on the final aspect of the 
products that we will be manufacturing here in India, but most of them will be the new edge 
technology products which I think some of them are doing, some of them are not doing here in India. 
So, once we have a list ready of the different products that we intend to make here, we will definitely 
be announcing that as well. 
 
Darshit Shah 
 
Sure sir that will be really helpful. Sir, secondly on the margins front, as you alluded that there was 
reduction in power and fuel and freight costs, and little bit increase in the gross margin which has led 
to this 15% kind of operating margins from around 12.5% to 13% that you alluded last year. So, any 
rough ballpark guidance on the margin trajectory probably for this year and for the next couple of 
years & where do we see them heading? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
I think this is an optimal figure that we usually work in our organization and in the ecosystem that we 
work in terms of the industrial mineral segments. So, 15% is an ideal margin space we usually look 
into. So, to maintain these kinds of margins will be the task that we will be taking up in the next few 
quarters and to sustain them, and then we will be working on improving them as well. 
 
Darshit Shah 
 
Sure. And sir lastly, when we met, I think you alluded some product that was kind of useful in the EV 
battery space. Can you share a little bit more highlight on what that product is, whether there are any 
potential kind of plans, tie-ups or something of that sort where we can do in India or exports? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, right now, we're working on that product. So, we have not yet completely finished working on the 
product. So, once we have some clarity on that, we will be targeting more of the export markets and 
the Indian market, but the Indian markets currently is still in the very nascent stage of the EV and the 
semiconductors and the battery space. So, a lot of projects have been announced. So, once we have 
some clarity from the production happening in India, we will be trying and designing the product 
within that. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. Next question comes from Mayur Liman from Profit Mart Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Mayur Liman 
 
Sir, my first question is, what are the reasons for the revenue increase apart from the festive season? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
The increase in the revenue? 
 
Mayur Liman 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               6      
26.10.2023                                                
 
Yes sir. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, this part has been very good I think in the term. So, the demand is usually there till pre-Diwali 
season. So, we have seen a good growth in the demand from various different sectors in the export 
markets as well as the domestic markets pick up and so that is the reason that we have been able to 
increase the revenue in the quarter two. 
 
Mayur Liman 
 
Okay. My second question is, what are your expectations from the next quarter? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, Q3 and Q4 usually are at par with the current trends that we are following. So, these demands are 
quite erratic in terms of this financial year, but we try and maintain our revenue growth in our bottom-
line growth, keeping in consideration the various different market segments that we are a part of. So, 
we try and balance our portfolios accordingly in terms of the product range that we have to offer in 
the market, within the domestic and the export market. So, I think it should look fair enough in the 
same way that we have seen in Q1 and Q2 shape up. 
Mayur Liman 
 
Could you please give us a product-wise revenue breakup? And do you have any plan for adding new 
product in the future? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, so we keep continuously innovating and adding more products in our portfolios. Our 20 Microns 
product revenue mix typically is in the range of 50% for calcium carbonate, about 22% of kaolin, about 
10% of talc and remaining is all other minerals like quartz, mica, feldspar and other products. And 
then, 20 Microns Nano, we are doing various kinds of opacifiers, wax additives, processing aid, matting 
agent, rheology modifiers. So, as mentioned they contribute about 12% of the total revenue of 20 
Microns. So, that's how our product mix is basically bifurcated. Typically, our product mix usually does 
not change much, it remains in the same percentage YoY with an increase in the growth levels that 
you usually see. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Dhivyansh Gupta from Latent Advisors. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
Hi, I have about five, six questions. So, I'll take one by one. Given that, plastics is the second highest 
contributor to our revenues and given this whole ESG and recyclable trend that is going, do you see 
any headwinds in the sector demand for 20 Microns? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
No, that directly doesn't impact us in a way. So, yes, we don't see like a significant increase in the 
demand happening into our product. 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               7      
26.10.2023                                                
 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
So, what the end user client nature with respect to the plastic segment? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Basically, we are into PVC cables, we are into masterbatch producers and into polypropylene, 
polyethylene and PVC is a major plastic segment we cater to. 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
Understood. Coming to the second question, what are, let's say, pricing policy or dynamics with the 
customers, is it contractual for six months, what is the market kind of thing and what is the reset 
frequency if any? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, there is no specific contracts that we usually do with most of our end customers. Yes, for export 
customers, we are bound with certain contracts for in yearly based or six-month base, but not for all, 
it depends on which distributor or which customer we are engaged with. In the domestic market, 
usually, it is more on the typical cycle of the quantities that we are usually doing with them. So, we 
just try and meet those demands which keep coming. The demands are not consistent, the demands 
keep changing, so that is the reason that we have to continuously work with our customers on regular 
basis, on a monthly basis to understand the demands that they might have, depending on their end 
demand that they would be having. 
 
So, that is reason that in the past, I think 1.5 year we have been working very closely with the 
customers due to these rapid demands that keep coming. So, there is no fixed contractual system that 
we have in terms of that. In terms of pricing, we work on some major heads, if they keep changing, 
then definitely we work with our pricing strategies based on that. But it differs again from application 
to application, it differs from the product group to product group. So, it doesn't form one whole 
systematic approach that we do for the company. 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
Coming to the paint sector as such or let’s say general pacifiers for you. In their P&L, how much is your 
cost? As if paint is the INR 100, then 20 Microns product is INR 5, INR 0.05 or what's the kind of overall 
average with respect to the price? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, in terms of volume which you consider, in terms of volume it is anywhere in the range of 20% to 
40% depending on what kind of paint we are manufacturing. Every paint has a different formulation. 
So, depending on what paint we are manufacturing, a low grade paints being a distemper to a high-
end premium emulsion paint that they are making to any other powder coating to industrial paint 
where we’re making, the formulations are very different. So, it is not easy for us tell you. So, every 
customer, every formulation is very, very different. So, there is no fixed base price or a base volume 
that would go into a certain formulation. They also keep changing the formulation based upon the 
market demand, that is how it works. 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               8      
26.10.2023                                                
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
And I'm assuming the premium paints will have a higher share of Micron, Micron will have a higher 
share in them. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Well, again, if you make a premium paint, the volume which goes into the making the premium paint 
is lower, because they use more finer materials, but the price of that particular product will be much 
higher. So, that's how it works. 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
What would be any idea on the market share that we have respect to paint sector, multiple other 
product? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Again, it's very different because we only do a certain segment of products. When we deal with the 
paint industry, we don't do all the different products which are there. So, we don't have like a perfect 
market size that we can define in terms of where we stand. Because for every customer, we have a 
different ratio, against our competition where we stand. 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
Any ballpark number, if you can provide us roughly? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Unfortunately I don’t have that figure. But we're trying to work on it to define in addressable market 
space. So, based on that if we have a number ready with us, we'll definitely share with you in the 
future calls. 
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
Thank you. Next question is that I've been reading your Annual Report from FY15 and in every year 
there is a long list of new products that have been developed and the company mentioned. So, let's 
say in the last three years, whatever new products that we have launched, what is their sales 
contribution in our overall sales? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, it will not be a very significant contribution, they will be anywhere in the range of between 5% to 
6%. Because most of these products which we’ve developed, they would either be developed for one 
or two customers, or for a particular market segment, a smaller market segment or a specific industry 
segment. So, again, it will take time for these products to grow into the mainstream markets. So, we 
first deal these products with the customers who have demanded these products, once they work for 
them, then we share it with the main markets to go forward with. So, usually in the first few years, 
that is usually in the range of 5% to 6%. And then it kind of grows in the next two to three years to 
bigger size. 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               9      
26.10.2023                                                
 
Dhivyansh Gupta 
 
And the bigger would be around? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
That will go up to 10%. 
 
Moderator 
 
Next question comes from Darshit Borah from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Darshit Borah 
 
Hi. So, congratulations on the good results. I just wanted, not specifically a guidance, but just to view 
on revenue going forward in the next two to three years, say by FY26. I mean, you've given some 
guidance on like 15% to 18% for FY24. Has that changed? And also for the future? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, that will continue to remain the same. So, our goal internally is that would be kind of markets that 
we are in, in terms of even the turbulent times where we have seen in the past, we continue to be 
steady at a 15% to 18% growth levels YoY and that is what our internal goals are. Definitely, with the 
addition of capacities in the future that we might have, once we put them into use, and we will have 
a clear picture on where we will further our growth compared to the traditional 15% to 18%, that we 
expect that at least for the next two year 15% to 18% growth levels is the ideal goal for us. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. Next question comes from Sanjeev Damani from SDK Consulting. Please go ahead. 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
I’m the same person who visited you in the last AGM. And congratulations for excellent numbers. And 
we know that you are very much investor friendly and very transparent with all the investors. So, thank 
you very much for being so good. We wish your company to be market leader and main supplier to all 
the paint industry. Now, I would like to understand only one thing that who are our nearest competitor 
as far as raw materials meant for paint industries are concerned? That’s my first question. Is there any 
listed player? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
No, there are no listed players in the competition. We have few international players. And again, when 
we look at the competition, they will be different for each product group. So, for calcium carbonate 
we have a different competition base, for kaolin will have a different competition base, for talc we will 
have a different one. So, we’ll not have a general competitor across the board, like 20 Micron’s product 
range that we are offering. So, again, each segment will be represented differently. So, we have many 
competitors in calcium carbonate, we have few competitors in talc and kaolin. So again, it differs. So, 
this is not the right way for me to name them, but I think we can take it on a different level when 
required. 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               10     
26.10.2023                                                
 
 
Sanjeev Damani 
 
Now, emerging from the discussion that took place in this meeting only, I just want to understand that 
we have a share in all kinds of paints being manufactured in India. I mean, can you kindly confirm that 
we have some material to supply for all kinds of paints, whether it is oil based or any other. Can you 
kindly confirm? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
We supply to marine paints, we supply to automotive coatings, we supply to powder coatings, we 
supply to industrial paints, we supply to decorative paints. So, all paint segments are part of our core 
group. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Utkarsh Patel from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
So, I just wanted a broad view about your vision for the company, right? Let's say, today, we are at a 
particular size, right. So as a company, how do you see this company evolving over a period of next 
three to five years? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
In what terms are you looking at? 
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
I’m talking in terms of revenue, profits, so we have any internal targets for next five years, let's say we 
want to reach here in 2027 or 2028? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, so we have our own target. So, as I mentioned to you that we have a target of 15% to 18% YoY 
growth. Now, the company has started to evaluate potential projects for expansions internally in India 
and abroad, we are also exploring the potential to add more mines into our additional reserves. We 
are also looking at potential strategic initiatives and opportunities to various JVs & collaborations for 
the growth factor. So, there are some high-investment projects which we are supposed to be looking 
at now. But due to the turbulent conditions in the markets globally, we are taking a cautious approach 
with that, with the changing market dynamics. And so, we keep looking on this major outlook.  
 
And so, we'll have some clarity of thoughts regarding our potential CapEx plan, which will be put to 
use and which will be contributing to the total revenue growth for the coming five years, so that is 
currently being worked upon right now. So, we are currently going with our regular CapEx plans. But 
with the recent JV, which we’re forming and various other projects which are in the pipeline, 
discussions are currently ongoing with various different people across India and globally. So, as and 
when these things start shaping up and the disclosures can be made, we will be announcing these 
things in the coming months. 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               11     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
Okay, perfect. Just a follow up to that. Let’s say, in terms of our existing infrastructure, what level of 
capacity utilization will we be working at? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So currently, our own manufacturing, we are operating at around 85% of our capacities. But we have 
a model of our own manufacturing, toll manufacturing and contract manufacturing. So, if we look at 
these three models, then we have enough room available for future growth. Because what we do is 
that the regular run of the mill products, which are there, we do it in toll and contract manufacturing. 
And all the more advanced technology products and more final products, which are there, that we do 
in our in-house manufacturing. So, that distribution keeps happening every quarter. So, that's how we 
keep on growing and with minimal CapEx that we intend to do. 
 
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
Okay. And your own manufacturing will be the major piece, right? Toll manufacturing and contract 
manufacturing will be a smaller part, right? 
 
Atil Parikh  
 
Yes, that’s right. 
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
Okay. Just wanted to understand one more thing. Let's say, last year H2 was slower compared to H1. 
So, we were at INR180 crore-INR190 crore in the H1. But H2 was significantly slower. I think 10% 15% 
slower than H1 last year. So, do we see any particular trends like that this year as well? And if there is 
any seasonality aspect to the business, maybe if you can clarify on that? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Post COVID, we have lost the seasonality aspect. So, we don't fall under that category anymore. It's 
kind of even cycle across the year. But yes, as I mentioned before in one of the questions that the 
market dynamics keep changing. So earlier, we used to have a clarity on a six months vision as to how 
the market is going to behave. But now that six months horizon has come down to two months, three 
months. So, the market keeps changing every two months. But it's hard to predict. But yes, we have 
our internal statistical department which kind of maps it in a way that we kind of balance our portfolios 
and try to maintain the H1 as well. So, we try to remain stable and try to grow, if possible, in H2 as 
well. 
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
Understood. Just one final question. We have a debt of closer to INR 100 crore as of now, right? Do 
we have any plans to repay it or do we see this going up in the future? 
 
 
 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               12     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Atil Parikh 
 
When you look at the debt, total debt components, there are multiple components as a part of that. 
So, if you look at our long-term debt, it is just in the range of INR 8 crores to INR 10 crores. So, that we 
will be repaying it within the next few months. And apart from that, we have our fixed deposits, which 
is also part of the overall debt, if you look at it. And we have discounting that we only do with many 
of the big customers, that is also a significant component as part of that whole debt cycle. So, they 
will continue to remain in the way it is. But yes, the long-term debt we will be getting mostly in the 
next couple of months or in the next few year quarters. 
 
Utkarsh Patel 
 
Okay. Because I was looking at your interest expense, you have an annual interest expense of closer 
to INR 17 crores to INR 18 crores versus your debt which is closer to INR 107 crore and INR 108 crore. 
So, I'm assuming the interest cost may you are incorporating the discounting charges, et cetera, as 
well.  
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, that’s right. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Dhiral Shah from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhiral Shah 
 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, what is the contribution of the export revenue in 
our business? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, we usually are in the range of 15% to 16% of our overall revenue is export business. 
 
Dhiral Shah 
 
So, are you looking to more on the export side? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, the mix would continue to remain the same. Most go in the domestic market the same way we’re 
going to export market as well. So, the export potential keeps changing with the changing dynamics 
again. So, our main focus in the future, especially in the next one, one-and-a-half year is going to be 
more of Asia, like Middle East, Southeast Asia, the Indian subcontinent. So, that is going to be our main 
focus, because in Europe and America we're not seeing a significant growth happening in terms of the 
economy, and South America for sure. So, these are the areas we are more focused on. 
 
Dhiral Shah 
 
And sir, what is the overall market size of the product that we're dealing in? 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               13     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Atil Parikh 
 
As I mentioned in the previous question, we don't have a defined market size that we work on. 
Because every product, every industry we serve in works very differently. So, we only do a certain 
segment of products, and not all the products out of that whole market size. So, it's difficult to make 
a judgement that way. 
 
Dhiral Shah 
 
Okay. So, when we do a business with any of our clients, so we consider margin as a percentage, or 
do we calculate on an EBITDA per ton basis? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Pardon. I didn't get your question. 
 
 
Dhiral Shah 
 
So, our margin, we consider on a percentage basis or is it on EBITDA per ton basis? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
No, it depends on how we work on the margins. Again, for every product group that we work in, based 
on the market demand and market scenario our margins get worked upon, so we don't have a fixed 
way of working on the margins. Our pricing kind of gets defined by the market conditions. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you. Next question comes from Janish Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Janish Shah 
 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers and showing consistent growth over last few 
years. Just I have a few questions basically with regard to the margins and the way you are steering 
the company in the next few years. Just to take you a little back, I think 2019, the company was making 
an EBITDA margin somewhere close to like 14.5% and subsequent to that there has been a decline 
and now it is going back again to that 14%, 15%. Is it been attributed only to this cost improvement? I 
mean, saying the reduction in the costs or how sustainable the margins at 14%, 15% look like? You 
mentioned about that it's a usual business, but just wanted to get some more color around that. 
 
And the second question is, with regard to the efforts which you’ve been making to accelerate the 
growth with adding new products, and also the cost savings measures which you have taken. How do 
we see the margin trajectory moving in the next 3 years or so with regard to the company? And lastly, 
when we look at the return ratio has been improving, especially the return on capital and return on 
equity, where do we see this business has a potential to stabilize in terms of the return ratios on a 
three to four years basis? Thank you, sir. 
 
 
 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               14     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So now when we look at the margin, specifically, the margins usually get driven by the product mix in 
our scenario. So, since we have a larger product group, so again, depending on the market scenario, 
if there's a higher demand for the lower value products compared to the higher value products, then 
definitely the margins can kind of get beaten up. But if there's stable demand coming in from all 
different segments of all different industries, in an equal contribution, then definitely the margins 
remain in the current growth that we’re seeing in the range of 14% to 15%. 
 
And if you look at our global industry average, 14% to 15% is a very stable margin, which the global 
companies in this segment, in the industrial mineral space which they operate in from many, many 
years now, they usually are within this margin brackets. In our case, definitely we are on the growth 
trajectory, and we want to incorporate more and more value-added products and that is what our 
internal goal is that we try to create more cutting-edge technology products, which kind of benefit the 
customers in their formulations. So, that is where the margins would come into picture. 
 
Now, in terms of Nano, which is one of our subsidiaries, we are working on specialty chemicals and 
functional additives. Now, we are working there since many years now to develop many new products 
for the same kinds of industries that we are part of. And now here we see that there is a significant 
improvement in the margins, which is possible, but that could only happen when we reach a certain 
turnover in that particular group because we are currently operating with older machinery, the yield 
which is there is not as per the required ratio. And so, because of that, we are kind of struggling with 
some of the raw materials that we are also needing. So, we are kind of exercising our way through 
stabilizing the Nano operations. Once that gets stabilized in a better way, the overall company margins 
will also kind of improve. 
 
Similarly, we are also expecting a growth in the export markets as well, where we see more higher 
margin contribution. So once that will also kind of help us in terms of reaching a certain goal that we 
have, definitely the overall margin landscape would also improve. 
 
Janish Shah 
 
And just another question with regard to your raw material sourcing, I think you have had trouble and 
challenging period during the last two years when the entire logistics globally went haywire. How are 
we now relooking at the sourcing strategy for the raw material to ensure the growth doesn't get 
suffered for the kind of raw material? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
We're in a much better time right now, we don't see much of erratic movement happening in terms 
of the logistics and in terms of the imports that we do. Procurement department is continuously on 
the move in terms of getting at the right products at the right time. So, I think we are in a much better 
place than we were 2 years back. And looking further, we have a great procurement team globally and 
we are exploring the resources across different parts of the world, and we have access to various 
different products and raw materials available from various different territories, and so I think we 
should not be much afraid of the future, because I think we know our raw materials and where to 
source them from. So, I think that we're clear about it. 
 
 
 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               15     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Janish Shah 
 
And maybe the last question is, you mentioned about the CapEx, which is going to happen in the years 
to come. Can we just get some understanding on the quantity as like what kind of amount which we 
are going to invest in various projects or next 2 years or 3 years’ time? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, we are still working on the same, we have not finalized the plan, because if we had a plan in place, 
we would have shared with the investors. So, because of the changing market dynamics, as I 
mentioned to you, we are continuously reworking these projects from our side to see if we need that 
at this point of time or should we postpone it to the next year. So, that is the reason that we are 
continuously evaluating and putting it across our board. And our board is also actively considering 
various growth opportunities in both the parent and subsidiary companies. So, once we have more 
clarity on this, we will share with you more detailed updates in due course of time. 
 
Janish Shah 
 
But if you can just share some ballpark number that will be helpful. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
We don't have a number. So right now, for the next six months to one year, we will be just doing the 
traditional CapEx of INR 10 crores to INR 15 crores that we usually do in terms of upgrading our 
machineries and bringing in more machinery. So, that is something that we would be doing, but the 
significant amount of CapEx plan which is there is something that we are still reworking on. So, we will 
share with you more updates in due course of time. 
 
Janish Shah 
 
Thank you. And just to confirm, you said for 15% to 18% growth, that in like for next few years or at 
least for the next 2, 3 years. Can it happen on the current, kind of you require like our investments in 
the capacities or the existing facilities are? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
We would, but not with a significant CapEx. We can manage that with minimal CapEx plans in terms 
of adding basic CapEx that we do YoY with the addition of few machineries that can be achieved. 
 
Moderator 
 
Next question comes from Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
So first of all, I just wanted to understand on your value-added. I mean, in the press release as well 
you mentioned about this value-added product along with this construction chemicals and mineral 
fertilizers have garnered significant interest. So, just wanted to understand what is the share of this 
product right now, in terms of revenue mix and how do we see that going forward? And what's the 
margin differential, I mean, on your normal product and value-added product? 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               16     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So right now, the mineral fertilizers and construction chemicals don't contribute a very significant 
amount of revenue to the overall top line. We are still in the growing phase. So, in 20 Micron 
construction chemicals, what we do is, we have a range of different waterproofing products, which 
are based on the mineral technology, which is something relatively new, which no one else was doing 
in the Indian market. So, that was something, that was out of the box, and we decided to venture into 
that. And we're taking it quite slowly, we're not spending too much money on in terms of the brand 
name and advertising. So, what we're doing is slowly and steadily working on the Tier 3 and Tier 4 
markets, and we are trying to build a distribution network in some of the states and then taking it 
slowly and steadily into pan India. 
 
So, in the next 5 years, we see this growing at least 5 times of what we are today. So that is what we 
are expecting in growth, both the segments of mineral fertilizers and 20 Micron construction 
chemicals. Mineral fertilizers, we are basically into manufacturing of mineral based fertilizers, where 
we use most of our own minerals with some external components, which are natural ingredients, and 
we try and make the mineral fertilizers which are substitutes for the organic fertilizer and basically 
used for organic farming. So, our main target is to create a distribution network in the rural parts of 
the countries in the more of the farmer segments and urban landscapes as well. And we have to go 
through a certain licensing process through the government and these things take time and so we are 
taking it slow and steadily. And so these definitely will see a significant growth in the next 5 years. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
So currently this is what? 1%, 2%? I mean, 1%, 2% of revenue currently. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, exactly. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
I mean, in 5x what's the current reference point? I mean, 5x I understand, but without a reference 
point we’ll not understand, right? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes. So, we currently will be at INR 10 crore revenue right now. So, it will grow INR 250 crores maybe 
in the next 5 years. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
INR 10 crores revenue, I mean FY23 you're talking about out of INR 700 crores? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
In FY23. So, that we expect to be INR 50 crores in next maybe what 5 years? 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               17     
26.10.2023                                                
 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
And my second question revolves around your margins. I mean, you mentioned in your press release 
as well that you maintain current margins that we are doing, EBITDA margin for FY22 to remain in a 
similar range as the existing with the likely improvement of 50 to 100 basis point. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Could you give the reference? 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
Yes. So, we're just talking about the reference point. I'm just trying to understand what's the reference 
point here we're talking about? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
15% is the reference point, as I mentioned to you, it's a global average. 15% is the reference point we 
mentioned. 
 
Deepak Poddar 
 
So, with the likely improvement of 50 to 100 basis points, I mean, next 1 to 2 years we expect 50 to 
100 basis point improvement over this 15%. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes. 
 
Moderator 
 
Next question comes from Hiten Boricha from Joindre Capital. Please go ahead. I repeat question 
comes from Hiten Boricha from Joindre Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have been looking this company for the first time so maybe my 
questions may be a little basic. So, the first question is on the raw materials. So, what kind of raw 
materials do we have currently, which has the major parts of our raw material and can you give the 
price kind of that materials, where are sourcing from that, et cetera? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Well, I think, I'll need to give you a brief background in about this, because raw material basically we 
need to source it from the mines. So, each product that we make, the raw material usually is in the 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               18     
26.10.2023                                                
 
form of the ore and then we grind that to manufacture our products. So, basically, we use a lot of 
domestic raw materials and we use many imported raw materials also for the same. 
 
Hiten Boricha  
 
Can you name some of them, what are the major raw materials? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, all the raw materials would be the same as the product group that we have like calcium carbonates, 
talc, mica, quartz, silica, so these are, the same raw materials for the same product group, so there's 
no distinction in that. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
 
So, we buy this from the third party, we don't own any mine or anything? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
We do have 5 mines as mentioned in the opening remarks. We do have 5 mines in different parts of 
the country. So, we operate our own mines, and we also procure from outside, and we also procure 
from international resources also, because some products that you manufacture you will need to have 
the access to various different resources from where you can manufacture these products. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
 
Okay. And sir, you mentioned, we have been running at 80%, 85% capacity utilization. So, what's the 
exact capacity we have currently? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
85%. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
 
The capacity in terms of tons? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
450,000 metric tons. 
 
Hiten Boricha 
 
450,000 metric tons, okay. So, I have like couple of more questions, but I believe that will be moved. 
Basically, it’s just a request from my side sir, if you can upload the detailed presentation or anything 
like that on for investors, it will be very good for us. 
 
 
 
 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               19     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Atil Parikh 
 
You can get in touch with our Investor Relations people. They have all the presentations available with 
them, and if you need more information, they will be able to explain the company better to you in a 
concise way. 
 
Moderator 
 
Next question comes from Ayush Agarwal from Mittal Analytics. Please go ahead. 
 
Ayush Agarwal 
 
Sir, my first question is on the standalone business. So, what kind of capacity utilization do we have 
there, and what kind of CapEx plans do we have? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
I think I mentioned to you that we are working at 85% capacities for the standalone in 20 Microns 
itself. And since we are working on a mix of own manufacturing, toll manufacturing and contract 
manufacturing, we have sufficient capacities available with us as of now, at least for the next few 
quarters, so we will be able to manage the growth that we are anticipating. And in that time, minimal 
investment growth plans are there in terms of the CapEx, which we will be incorporating in for some 
of the additional machinery that we will be putting in to do. 
 
Ayush Agarwal 
 
So, given that, we will exhaust all of these capacities in the next maybe one year, should we not be 
thinking about a CapEx plan to expand capacities? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, so as I mentioned, we are working on the CapEx plans, and because of the changing market 
dynamics, we don't have a fixed CapEx plan as of now, because every product group that we are part 
of will require some sort of a CapEx plan to be designed. But we are continuously reworking on that 
and once we have a final plan ready with us, we will be sharing more updates with all of you. But as 
of now, we don't see any bottleneck happening, at least for the next 1.5 years in terms of the 
capacities. 
 
Ayush Agarwal 
 
Understood. Any plans to increase the share of kaolin business, as I understand the margins are much 
better there? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Yes, so again, it's a part of the CapEx plan and that is something that we are working on currently, 
which is a priority. And so again, as mentioned before, the kaolin is quite high capital investments 
project and we need to keep the future market scenario into consideration. So, looking at that aspect, 
we will be working on a CapEx plan, which is more feasible and we will be sharing updates with you in 
some time. 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               20     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Ayush Agarwal 
 
Understood. And similar plans about 20 Microns Nano, what is the utilization there and any CapEx 
plans there? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
No, we do not require any CapEx there, because we are just working right now. We have sufficient 
capacities in 20 Microns Nano. Our main focus is to increase the product range there and the market 
penetration there. So, that is what the goal is going to be in Nano for the next 2 years. Once we reach 
a certain market penetration and a top line, then we will be putting more efforts into more of 
investments in Nano. But as of now, we have sufficient capacities there. 
 
Ayush Agarwal 
 
Understood. And my final question is on our interest cost, it is on a declining trend, but it is still very 
high if I just divide the interest cost by debt on our books. So, it is up about 15%, while debt costs are 
not so high in India. Any reasons why our interest costs are so high and when can we expect it to go 
back to 8%, 9%, 10%? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, I think it was addressed in one of the earlier questions also that the debt component includes our 
long-term debt or short-term debt and our fixed deposits and our fully discounting. So, the wholly 
discounting portion which is there has a much higher interest rate compared to the regular debt 
interest rate that we have, and that is the reason that it is showing on a much higher side. 
 
Ayush Agarwal 
 
Why you need that sir? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
That is because we have to service our major customers or the bigger customers who have a significant 
amount of share. So, for that we do that which has been a typical practice of ours for many years now, 
and so that is one of the reasons that it is showing on a higher side. Otherwise, our regular debt, which 
is there, our long and short-term debt, that definitely is quite low, and is still expected to go much 
further down with our improved ratings and our improved financial performance. 
 
Moderator 
 
The last question for the day comes from Shrinjana Mittal from RatnaTraya Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Shubh Shah 
 
Hi. I'm Shubh, speaking on behalf of Shrinjana. I have basically three questions. So, first of all, you 
mentioned that we also import some of the raw materials. So, what are these raw materials? And 
second, we are utilizing our mines at 85% capacity, then why do we need to import? 
 
 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               21     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, to address your question, we are importing all different kinds of raw materials from various 
different countries, we are also utilizing a lot of domestic resources within India and we are also 
utilizing some of the resources from our own mines. Now, to make certain products, which is 
demanded by the end user industry than our end customers, the Indian raw material does not suffice 
to the requirements, and so it is a requirement by the customers that you have to use a certain kind 
of raw materials to make those products. And to get those raw materials, we need to import them 
from different parts of the world. 
 
So we have access to raw materials from different areas, we currently have our own subsidiaries in 
Malaysia and in Vietnam, where we procure a lot of calcium carbonate from there and we bring it into 
India. We have toll manufacturing there as well, we also process those materials in India as well. So 
that is one of the reasons. Whenever the Indian raw materials does not suffice the requirements of 
the markets, you will need imported raw materials. 
 
Shubh Shah 
 
And is their percentage lead in terms of the cost of these raw materials? Import versus domestic? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, basically we have about 40% of our raw materials is imported and 60% is domestic. 
 
Shubh Shah 
 
Second, can you throw some light on the product wise margin? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Product wise margins, I will ask my IR team to send it across to you. 
 
Shubh Shah 
 
And the last question is are leases which are basically lease from the government, that do they show 
in accounting? 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
Pardon? I didn't get your question. 
 
Shubh Shah 
 
So, basically, we have leased 5 mines, and so where do the lease or the rent payments show in 
accounting. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
So, I've shared with you in the opening remarks the entire reserves that we have for the different 
mines that we have leased. 
 

20 Microns Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call               22     
26.10.2023                                                
 
Shubh Shah 
 
Sorry, no I'm not asking about the results. So, the rent payment or the lease payments. 
 
Atil Parikh 
 
There's no rent payment or lease payment for these mines. Basically, how it operates that you need 
to pay a royalty on each metric ton that you mine out of the entire mines. So, that is basically one of 
the heads of royalty paid that you would have, which is the part of the entire. So, there's no lease or 
rent or any rent that you pay to the all the mine. 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you and have a good day. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note:          1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible     
    words. 
 
 
