                                                                             
  Hindustan Zinc Limited, Registered Office: Yashad Bhawan, Udaipur–313 004, Rajasthan, INDIA.  
  T. +91 294-6604000-02   www.hzlindia.com   CIN: L27204RJ1966PLC001208  
 
HZL/2023-SECY/                                                                                                                                   October 23, 2023 
  
BSE Limited                                                                                                National Stock Exchange of (India) Limited   
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,                                                                     “Exchange Plaza”                                               
Mumbai – 400001                                                                                 Bandra – Kurla Complex 
                                                                                                                  Mumbai 400051                                                
 
Kind Attn: - General Manager,                                                             Kind Attn: - Head- Listing & Corporate  
Dept. of Corporate Services                                                                  Communications                                              
 
Scrip Code: 500188                                                                                Trading Symbol: “HINDZINC” 
 
         
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earning call Transcript for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the earning call held on Friday, October 20, 2023 to discuss 
the financial performance of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. 
The same is also made available on the Company’s website at https://www.hzlindia.com/investors/reports-
press-releases/ 
 
Request you to take the information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Zinc Limited, 
 
 
 
(Rajendra Pandwal) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: - As above 
 
Rajendra 
Pandwal
Digitally signed by Rajendra Pandwal 
DN: c=IN, st=Rajasthan, 
2.5.4.20=70bb10d2afa7633404620215c331a1c7e83570e
8c37466432c8f95ae3418cd3e, postalCode=313002, 
street=SECTOR4HIRANMAGRIUdaipur, 
pseudonym=bae7861d5c564b7797333ec1ee715863, 
serialNumber=78d6db6add194143714fc93376f52a6826
ec730547bd31dec4a4a334c628fc20, o=Personal, 
cn=Rajendra Pandwal 
Date: 2023.10.23 10:15:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Hindustan Zinc Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN MISRA – CEO 
MR. SANDEEP MODI – CFO 
MS. JHALAK RASTOGI – ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hindustan Zinc 2nd Quarter and half year 
FY2024 earnings conference call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jhalak Rastogi – Associate Director, Investor Relations. 
Over to you, ma'am. 
Jhalak Rastogi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to Hindustan Zinc's 2nd Quarter and half year 
ending 30th September 2023 results briefing. In this call, we will refer to the Q2 FY24 investor 
presentation available on our Company's website. Some of the information on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and is covered by the Safe Harbour language on slide number 2 of the 
said presentation. 
Today on the call, we have with us CEO – Mr. Arun Misra, and our CFO – Mr. Sandeep Modi. 
Mr. Misra will begin with an update on “Business Performance” while Mr. Modi will walk you 
through “Financial Performance,” after which we will open the floor for questions. 
I now request Mr. Misra to begin today's call. Over to you, sir. 
Arun Misra: 
Thankyou Jhalak. A very good afternoon to all of you. Thank you for joining us today for the 
2nd Quarter and half year FY24 results briefing. 
Before I begin today's Results Presentation, I would like to share some of the overarching 
priorities and themes that have been driving our success over the quarters: 
On the safety front, it brings me satisfaction to report 1 year of fatality free operations. This is a 
testament to our unwavering commitment to safety, the dedication of our employees, and our 
robust operational processes. Our focused introspection of the key safety related learnings 
backed by automation and comprehensive safety training helped us strengthen the safety aspect 
of all our operations. Even as we look ahead, our commitment to safety remains resolute as we 
are determined to continue to invest in safety measures and technology to maintain this record. 
As an update on ESG: 
I am happy to share that Hindustan Zinc became the first metal and mining Company in India to 
have validated science-based targets in line with the 1.5-degree centigrade target of the Paris 
Agreement. Hindustan Zinc's ambitious target includes the commitment to reduce 50% of its 
absolute Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions and further reduction of 25% of Scope-3 emissions by 
FY2030 from the base year of FY2020, and to achieve net zero emissions across the value chain 
by FY2050. Moving towards 5x water positive target by 2025, during the quarter, Hindustan 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
Zinc inaugurated 4,000 KLD zero liquid discharge plant at Zawar mines, reaffirming the 
Company's vision of Zero Waste and Zero Discharge. 
Coming to an update on our ground CSR activities: 
It gives me satisfaction to share the progress and impact of our community initiatives. In our 
efforts to promote education and empower individuals with different abilities, we organized a 
visual awareness campaign in Indian sign language, advanced life skill sessions, and various 
other activities as a part of international week of the deaf. As a part of our skill development 
program, Hindustan Zinc's Kaushal Kendra witnessed successful placement of 286 trainees 
during the quarter in varied trades and skills. I would also like to share that another player of our 
Zinc Football Academy has been selected to represent India in 2023 Under-16 Championship in 
Bhutan and 4 players selected for the Under-16 Boys National Team preparatory camp in 
Srinagar. Driven by inclusive growth and development, we continue to stride towards the 7 key 
thematic areas to steer our CSR efforts towards betterment of life in the communities including 
women empowerment, education, sustainable livelihood, health & water, environment & safety, 
sports, and community asset creation. A quick snapshot of developments made in the quarter are 
given on page #4 for reference. 
Moving on to the markets: 
Macroeconomic developments have been a dominant influence on base metal prices. The global 
landscape is marked by potential headwinds, including Chinese economic weakness, rising 
inflation in the US and Europe, and the upward trajectory of interest rates. However, amidst 
these challenges, there are positive indicators suggesting ease in supply chain disruptions and 
softening of supply side induced inflation. The global manufacturing PMI has increased from 
48.7 in June to 49.1 in September. The S&P Global India manufacturing PMI dropped to 57.5 
in September from 58.6 in August after rising sharply from 57.8 levels in June. Though the 
manufacturing activity in India is at a 5-month low, however, it remained strong with the new 
orders supporting growth. The Indian economy has shown resilience, supported by strong 
customer demand, advertising efforts, and expanded capacities. 
The global zinc supply and demand forces remained underperforming. Globally, demand has 
been muted majorly due to the sluggish economy of the US, China, and Europe. However, the 
Indian economy remained optimistic. The specific infrastructure requirements continue to 
bolster and sustain zinc input requirements into the medium and long term. The Indian 
automobile industry is also on a growth trajectory, and India continues to remain a bright spot 
in the global steel industry. 
Touching briefly on lead: 
Lead prices increased during the quarter, averaging to $2,170 per tonne despite of the stalled 
Chinese economy growth on account of challenges in the real estate sector, the state subsidies 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
and energy transition credits have been generating EV sales, including hybrids, thereby 
contributing to lead demand. Along with the supply side issues due to mine closure, demand 
continues to remain robust on the back of rising urbanization and industrialization in developing 
nations as well as increased vehicle usage. Growing telecom and infrastructure sectors will 
further increase the need for industrial batteries, fueling the domestic demand. During the 
quarter, LME and SHFE stocks swelled on the back of backwardations closing the quarter at 
77,000 tonnes in LME and 71,000 tonnes in SHFE warehouses. 
Coming to silver: 
During the quarter, prices oscillated around $23 per troy ounce, closing the quarter with an 
average price of $23.6 per troy ounce. Silver prices remained influenced by a combination of 
geopolitical and technical factors including the dollar strength, gold prices, interest rate 
expectations, industrial demand, and geopolitical tensions in the Middle East. Ahead of the 
festive season, domestic demand for silver is expected to rise in the medium term. Industrial 
demand globally is expected to increase significantly due to new-age technological 
developments like vehicle electrification, investment in 5G infrastructure, and the ever-evolving 
solar panel technologies. 
Now, coming to an update on operational performance: 
I'm happy to report the highest ever first half mined metal of 509,000 tonnes. In the overall 
performance for the quarter, we achieved modest results influenced by the scheduled 
maintenance activities and we are now well positioned to enhance production with our facilities 
ready to deliver over 2,275,000 tonnes of metal. We have also started working towards 1.25 
million tonnes of refined metal through various debottlenecking initiatives across the smelters, 
and we target to return with a more comprehensive plan in subsequent quarters. 
While Sandeep will provide a detailed run-through of our business performance in a few 
minutes, I will take a moment to share recent developments in our investment front. During the 
quarter, I am pleased to inform you that our internal team commissioned India's first fumer plant 
in an innovative method and with the help of online support from Chinese experts. We also 
commissioned a 30,000 tonnes per annum alloy facility and the new concentrator in Rajpura 
Dariba mine increasing the production of zinc and lead MIC. The new roaster at Debari and our 
fertilizer projects are also on track. I am happy to share that our 450-megawatt renewable energy 
power delivery agreement with Serentica is also progressing well and is on track on completion 
of which over 50% of our energy requirement will be met through green power. For more details, 
please refer to page #9 of our investor presentation. 
On our growth strategy for FY24, we remain laser focused on producing concentrate and metal 
as per the guidance optimizing cost and enhancing production efficiency to further strengthen 
our cost leadership globally. Based on the same, we are confident of delivering as per our 
guidance and would like to keep it unchanged. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
With this, I hand over the call to Sandeep for an update on the financial performance. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Thankyou Mr. Misra and a very good afternoon, everyone. 
In the face of the current economic scenario, we posted a robust and steady financial performance 
in the 2nd Quarter of this financial year. The quarter was underscored by strengthening 
foundations, reinforcing the fundamental infrastructure and optimizing cost, resulting in strong 
cash delivery and sustainable growth. With a continuous cost reduction exercise while we 
continue to remain in the first decile of the global cost curve, happy to share that we delivered 
the third consecutive quarter of cost optimization and the lowest cost in the last 6 quarters, 
reflecting our resilience and adaptability in navigating the ever-changing business landscape. 
As we delve into the details, I will share the Company's financial performance for the 2nd 
Quarter and half year ended September 2023. 
Revenue from operations for the quarter was Rs. 6,791 crores, down 19% YoY, majorly on 
account of significantly lower zinc prices, lower zinc and silver volume, and differential strategic 
hedging impact, partly offset by better lead and silver prices and favorable exchange rates. 
Sequentially, revenue was down by 7%, primarily due to the lower zinc LME and plant shutdown 
which resulted in lower volume on account of scheduled maintenance activity, partly offset by 
improved lead and silver volumes. 
For the first half of FY24, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 14,073 crores, down 21% YoY, 
primarily on account of lower zinc LME, metal production, and silver production and differential 
strategic hedging impact, partly offset by better lead and silver prices and favorable exchange 
rates. Zinc cost of production before royalty during the quarter was $1,137 per tonne, 5% better 
sequentially and 10% better YoY in US dollar terms. For H1 FY24, zinc COP was $1,167 per 
tonne, 7% better YoY. The cost improvement was mainly on account of softened coal and input 
commodity prices and better domestic coal availability and utilization, further supported by 
better grades sequentially. The resulting EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 3,122 crores, down 
29% YoY and 7% sequentially, mainly on account of lower revenue impacted by significantly 
lower zinc LME and volume, partly offset by improved cost. For the half year, EBITDA stood 
at Rs. 6,481 crores, down 33% YoY due to lower revenue, offset by improved cost. Please refer 
to EBITDA bit from slide #27 to #29 for further details. 
Consolidated net profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 1,729 crores, down 35% YoY and 12% 
quarter-on-quarter. And for H1, it stood at Rs. 3,693 crores, down 36% YoY, primarily on 
account of lower EBITDA, offset by lower tax expenditure. 
In regard to recent developments of corporate restructuring, I would like to inform that 
management has appointed external advisors to assist in evaluating various options and the work 
is still in progress. Way forward along with the possible options will be updated to the board 
upon completion of the evaluation exercise and recommendation by the Committee of Directors. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
The effective tax rate for the quarter and the first half of FY24 is approximately 25% in 
accordance with the new regime. 
Having demonstrated a constant cost control in our operations, we would like to reiterate the 
cost guidance and also keep our CAPEX guidance unchanged. 
With this, I conclude my comments and we open the floor for your questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one is essentially on the cost. We have seen a very 
impressive performance on cost. The cost of production has declined year on year as well as 
quarter-on-quarter. I just wanted to get the overall drivers of that. Whether it was due to increased 
linkage materialization or due to lower coal cost or what are the key factors responsible for lower 
cost and how much of it is sustainable? Also, if you can give the outlook for Q3, that would be 
great. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Thanks, Amit. The cost has 2-3 key aspects. One is, of course, the imported coal prices got 
softened. We were also able to secure some opportunistic coal parcels. That has also helped. 
Secondly, while you are right, linkage coal materialization, but at the same time, if you see 
historically Hindustan Zinc used to consume in the blend of 30:70. So, 30% was the maximum 
which we used to have linkage coal consumption. However, we modified our power plants in 
the last 1 year at Chanderiya and Dariba, which have given us flexibility to use almost 100% of 
the linkage coal in some of the units. So, I will say this is more from the initiatives and efficiency 
which Hindustan Zinc has developed in an innovative way. So, our overall coal basket in the 
quarter 2 this year has been that 45% blend was of the linkage coal. And we expect that 45% 
will depend upon the linkage materialization. But the flexibility which we have developed, it is 
something like which will be constantly favoring us. The second aspect which has been there in 
terms of specific coal consumption also has gone down. That is also an operational efficiency 
beneficial. Quarter-on-quarter if we see, our grade has also improved from 7.1% to 7.4%. These 
are the 3-4 factors which are the driving factors in terms of operational efficiency and the market 
factors. Of course, there are certain shutdowns which were planned in the quarter 2, which has 
also impacted the cost, which will not be there. 
Coming to the overall cost guidance, given the $1,169 cost for the H1, which is well within our 
cost guidance of $1,125 to $1,175, given this cost trajectory, we believe that for the whole year, 
we should be towards the lower end of the cost guidance on a full-year basis. 
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is essentially on grade improvement. You indicated that grade has improved 
from 7.1% to 7.4%. From the written commentary, it seems that Rampura Agucha production 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
was down in this quarter. Even with Rampura Agucha production down, your grade has 
improved. If you can highlight what were the key drivers behind this grade improvement because 
traditionally we understood that Rampura Agucha has possibly the highest grade of zinc 
available. 
Arun Misra: 
Agucha normally maintains their grade. The key change happened mainly at Zawar mine where 
the grade is normally expected to be around 4 to 4.5, but that goes down because of high dilution. 
This time in Zawar mine, the work on grade was very well. While Agucha maintained a grade 
of 13.3, Zawar maintained a grade of 4.6 which is far above than expected. Normally, they did 
a grade of 4.1. Key work that happened where the quantity in Zawar mine was increasing and at 
the same time, they maintained the grade and that's why the overall grade performance was better 
in quarter 2. It's not that Agucha grade had deteriorated. It remained about 13.3. The focus at a 
low LME environment is to minimize development required for production and maximize on 
the grade in every mine so that our overall cost of producing the metal in concentrate is the 
lowest. That's how you build the cost curve as far as the low LME environment is concerned. 
That strategy paid off in our operations in this quarter 2. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, could you just repeat our grade? 
Arun Misra: 
If I look at quarter 2 grade, in Agucha it is about 13.3 against 12.5 of quarter 1. And in quarter 
2 of last year, it was also 13.3. 
Sandeep Modi: 
And also if I add just to supplement Mr. Misra, SK grade has also improved from 4.8 to 5.2 on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. And even YoY basis if I see, SK grade was 4.58 which is now 5.2. 
Arun Misra: 
In all mines, the idea was to preserve grade, minimize dilution, and reduce development required 
so that you produce the same metal in concentrate at a lower cost. That strategy paid off. 
Amit Dixit: 
Was it a case of you hitting selectively the richer base or is it because you actually took some….? 
Arun Misra: 
I can do the mine planning of the sequencing and decide in a way to maximize ore production. I 
can also do the mine planning that slightly reduces ore production but of a better grade so that I 
can slow down progress in one particular section and increase the progress in another particular 
section. That flexibility is offered only when you have multiple locations inside the same mine. 
Today, Agucha mine has 4 mining locations in the same mine; it's not 1 mine, there are 4 mines 
inside. Zawar has got 4 different mines. Each of them has got 2 to 3 production centers. Those 
flexibilities we are enjoying because we could develop so many mining locations in the same 
mine over the last 2 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Singh from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, I want to understand the fumers which we have commissioned. What is the ramp up timeline 
and when will be the next fumers coming in? 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Arun Misra: 
This fumer is already on and is operating. Not that there is a particular ramp-up. The product 
that it is producing is going back to operations. And we will be reporting the production numbers 
separately from fumers, I think, in another 15 to 20 days' time. That is it. As far as new fumers 
are concerned, we are already working with technology suppliers and maybe in a month or two, 
we would be in a position to confirm placement of orders for another 3 sets of fumers. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, my second question pertains to our 1.25 million tonne mined metal target. I just wanted to 
understand two things. We have in the last 4-5 years been trying to reach there, but our mining 
capacity has increased but not the metal capacity. What's the holdup there or technically are we 
facing some challenges? And what is the timeline for this 1.25? 
Arun Misra: 
When we were expanding in that 1.2 million tonne project, purposefully we did not expand the 
smelters. We said the bottleneck is in the mines, let's expand the mines first, and once we can 
produce more than a million tonne of concentrate every year, then you know that the time has 
come for expansion of the smelters. We have produced more than a million tonne for 2 
consecutive years. Every year we start with an opening stock of MIC for the smelters to process. 
Even as I speak today, we still have a good amount of about 12 to 13 days' requirement of metal 
in concentrate in hand for the smelters to operate. We are now looking at how to…. That's why 
we have commissioned the roaster project which will debottleneck our smelters. And then we 
are also coming back with more bottlenecking projects which will take smelting capacity to 
about 1.25 million tonnes or maybe 1.2 million tonnes. The mines are already expanded. Just we 
need to fast pedal the development part of it and that should produce more concentrate. No 
bottleneck in mines as of now. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, since thermal coal prices are again inching up, any guidance in terms of 3Q or 4Q COP 
which you would like to give to us? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Vikas, if you see my first question which I answered to Amit, as I said, we are currently at $1,169 
which is well within the cost range of $1,125 to $1,175. And we are quite confident that given 
the Q3 and Q4 volumes will be up, we will be towards the lower end of the COP, which we 
would like to have a confidence to achieve. And thermal coal prices, I am not sure on what basis 
you are saying it is inching up; it is fluctuating. And for us, at the landed cost level, it is at the 
same level at which we procured in the quarter 2. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, just one last question pertaining to industry. Given the zinc prices have been constantly 
falling, according to you what percentage of zinc production could have come under stress? And 
is it possible for you to tell us that is there any zinc production cuts we can experience going 
forward global level basically? 
Sandeep Modi: 
As I know, only Tara mine of the Boliden that got shut. Apart from this, we did not hear any 
major cut in the zinc prices. I think everybody is taking the cut in the cost, and especially 
European smelters where the power cost is down. But since in India we having a unique 
advantage on both the power and labor, we continue to remain in the first decile of the cost. 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Love Sharma from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Love Sharma: 
Just a question around the NCLT update on the conversion of General Reserves into Retained 
Earnings. If you can share where that is standing. And secondly, the cash balance which we 
currently have, more than a billion dollars now, and the debt outstanding is kind of similar, how 
should we think in terms of the debt versus cash mix? Probably you would be doing some 
negative carry by holding this cash versus the debt on the books. 
Sandeep Modi: 
In terms of NCLT, the next date of hearing is 8th November and this is more on the procedural 
aspects. And in terms of the cash and borrowing, you are right; the numbers are similar, but I 
would like to share that both our investments and borrowings are largely on the long-term basis. 
So, we don't have any negative carry. Specific number I can't tell, but on the post-tax basis, we 
don't have any negative carry. 
Love Sharma: 
Can I just ask a followup? On the NCLT side, if you could just highlight what is the procedural 
aspect which is still remaining or pending at the NCLT level? 
Sandeep Modi: 
Second motion has been gone to the NCLT. RoC was supposed to file the reply which I 
understand they have filed. The next date of hearing is on 8th November. And then accordingly, 
order can be reserved for the pronouncement. Let us hope for the best. 
Love Sharma: 
So far as of now, if you just can update on the current value of the retained earnings on the books 
as of September 30th. 
Sandeep Modi: 
Retained earnings at this point of time in the books is Rs. 2,400 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Santanu from Indianfertilizer. Please go ahead. 
Santanu Saikia: 
I was just wondering we essentially work on the fertilizer sector. We were looking at your 
DAP/NPK plant. You said that you have now got a technology partner, and we just wanted to 
know more about it because the domestic rock phosphate is a big problem in terms of quality 
and also in terms of availability. We were wondering whether domestic rock is going to be 
enough because it's a large-sized DAP plant. I wanted to know what is the capacity of this DAP 
plant and what is the kind of investment that you are planning on it, when is it going to be 
commissioned, who is the technology partner that you have on-boarded, and what do you think 
is going to be the source of your rock phosphate? Because, of course, you will be manufacturing 
the sulphuric acid. That's what we were thinking we would ask. 
Arun Misra: 
Your apprehension is very correct. As far as Indian rock phosphate is concerned and we being 
in Rajasthan, RSMM is the only source of rock phosphate, which is a state enterprise. And yes, 
there are issues. But we are in talks with RSMM for expanding their mines to produce rock 
phosphate for us, which Hindustan Zinc can extend their help. It's a matter of finalizing the 
agreement. And the second part is also putting up a beneficiation plant for upgrading the rock 

 
Hindustan Zinc Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
phosphate that RSMM has. That is one part. The second part is import. In our design, we have 
considered a certain percentage. If I remember the number correctly, around 40% to 50% of rock 
phosphate would be imported. As far as capacity is concerned, it is about 5 lakh tonnes per 
annum, half a million-tonne plant, in the first phase. Also, the design and utility has the capacity 
of absorbing or taking it up to 1 million tonne at a later date. Our construction partner is L&T 
and as far as technology partner is JESA. It's an American Company. 
Santanu Saikia: 
When do you think this is going to be commissioned? 
Arun Misra: 
It's under construction only. It will take another 18 months to 2 years' time. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Jhalak Rastogi for 
closing comments. 
Jhalak Rastogi: 
Thank you everyone. With this, we close today's earnings call. For any follow-up questions or 
clarifications on the results, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Hindustan Zinc Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
