 
 
 
GMM Pfaudler Ltd. 
Corporate Office: 902 VIOS Tower, New Cuffe Parade, Sewri-Chembur Rd, Mumbai 400037  
Registered Office & Works: Vithal Udyognagar, Anand - Sojitra Road, Karamsad - 388325 
O: +91 22 6650 3900 | F: +91 2692 661888 | CIN: L29199GJ1962PLC001171 
W: www.gmmpfaudler.com | E: sales@gmmpfaudler.com 
 
 
 
GMM/SEC/2023-24/63  
 
 
 
 
 
                November 17, 2023 
 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
NSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 505255 
 
 
 
 
Symbol: GMMPFAUDLR 
 
 
Sub.: Earnings Call Q2 FY24 - Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended                        
September 30, 2023 conducted on November 9, 2023, for your information and records.   
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.gmmpfaudler.com.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For GMM Pfaudler Ltd  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mittal Mehta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS No.: 7848 
 
Encl.: As above 
MITTAL 
KARTIK 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
MITTAL KARTIK 
MEHTA 
Date: 2023.11.17 
15:50:29 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“GMM Pfaudler Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 9, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARAK PATEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. THOMAS KEHL – CEO (INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS) 
MR. ASEEM JOSHI – CEO (INDIA BUSINESS) 
MR. ALEXANDER PÖMPNER – CFO (INTERNATIONAL 
BUSINESS) 
MR. MANISH PODDAR – CFO (INDIA BUSINESS) 
MS. MITTAL MEHTA – COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
MS. PRIYANKA DAGA – DGM STRATEGIC FINANCE 
 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GMM Pfaudler Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference call over to Ms. Priyanka Daga from GMM Pfaudler Limited. Please, 
thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Priyanka Daga: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to all of you into 
the Q2 FY24 Earnings Call of GMM Pfaudler Limited.  
 
The Earnings Presentation was uploaded on the Stock Exchanges today and is also available on 
our website. Hope all of you had a chance to go through it. 
 
From the management, we have with us, our Managing Director – Mr. Tarak Patel; our CEO of 
International Business – Mr. Thomas Kehl; our CEO of India Business – Mr. Aseem Joshi; our 
CFO of International Business – Mr. Alexander Pömpner; and our CFO of India Business – Mr. 
Manish Poddar and our Compliance Officer – Ms. Mittal Mehta.  
 
We will give you a brief overview of the performance of the company, after which, we will get 
into the Q&A.  
 
Before we begin with the overview, a brief disclaimer. The presentation which we uploaded on 
the stock exchange and on our website, including our call discussions that will happen now, 
contains or may have certain forward-looking statements regarding our business prospects and 
profitability, which are subject to several risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially 
differ from those in such forward-looking statements. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Patel to provide an overview of the performance. Over to 
you, Tarak. 
Tarak Patel: 
Thank you, Priyanka. Good evening, everybody.  
 
We are happy to report a strong performance this quarter with both revenue and profitability in 
line with our FY25 guidance. Revenue growth was driven by strong execution across 
international and the India businesses, profitably improvement in the international business 
driven by operational excellence and pricing improvements. A good point to note today is that 
the international business has recorded the highest ever profitability in this quarter. 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Order intake, however, remains a bit subdued in technologies and systems due to a general 
weakness in the chemical sector. Services remains on track. However, our strategy of 
diversification and entering new industry segment has led to a strong opportunity pipeline across 
all business platforms, and we continue to focus our efforts on strengthening our market share 
in the next few quarters. 
 
Having said that, our order backlog stands at about INR 1,705 crores, which translates to about 
6 months of order visibility in India and about 7 to 8 months in the international business. Our 
order intake for the month of October has been quite strong, and it's around between the INR 
250 to 270 crore mark. So, October has been a good month in terms of order intake.  
 
Some of the other salient points about this quarter. We had a global strategy meet in Munich 
where 30 of our senior professionals from across geographies participated. This is in line with 
building a long-term strategic plan, and hopefully, by the end of this financial year, we should 
be able to host an Investor Day to update investors in terms of our long-term vision. 
 
We also opened up two new service centers, one in Brazil and one in Italy. Both these service 
centers are for the mechanical seal – Interseal business – and will add to improved services in 
these regions. 
 
In terms of financial performance, our consolidated revenues for the quarter grew by 20% to 
INR 937 crores with an EBITDA of INR 142 crores, which translates to about 15% EBITDA 
margin, which is around 20% higher than last year. Our current quarter, like I mentioned, the 
improvement in profitability was mainly driven by the international business, largely due to the 
strong execution and pricing improvements.  
 
We are also continuing to look at internal cost efficiencies, and this is something that we will 
keep our eyes on, and this is something that over the next few quarters will be quite important 
in terms of improving and maintaining profitability. 
 
In terms of corporate updates, DBAG Fund VI has sold 13.6%, out of which 9.9% was bought 
by ChrysCapital. 1% still remains with DBAG, which obviously the Patel family has promised 
to acquire.  
 
Now that all the approvals have been received, the French approval actually came only 
yesterday. We plan to complete this transaction in the next week or so probably around 
November 20th. This transaction will happen at  INR 1,700 per share, which was agreed at the 
time of the last sell down.  
 
DBAG's nominee directors, Mr. Malte Woweries and Harsh Gupta have both resigned since 
then. And today our current board has 6 Directors out of which 4 are Independent. 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Lastly, I am also happy to inform you that we have signed an agreement to purchase 100% stake 
in MixPro. This is a mixing company based in Ontario, Canada for a consideration of about $7 
million. The transaction is expected to complete by November 30th . And like I have said in the 
past few quarterly updates, that mixing is an important business for us. We have a strategy in 
place. We are building on that strategy, and mixing will continue to be a growth driver both in 
terms of revenue and profitability. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Manish Poddar, our CFO of the India business, and he will take 
you through the financial performance of the company. Thank you.  
Manish Poddar: 
Thank you, Tarak. Good evening, all.  
 
So, YTD, our revenue was at INR 1,850 crores, up 22%, and the EBITDA is at INR 274 crores, 
up 27% at an EBITDA margin of 14.8% for H1.  
 
Moving to the balance sheet, primarily, as an organization, we continue to focus on making the 
balance sheet stronger. With that intent, we have reduced our long-term debt by INR 77 crores 
in H1 which includes the INR 29 crores of prepayment. In H2, we have a planned repayments 
of INR 51 crores, but we think we should be able to prepay some more debt, a long-term debt 
during H2. And so, therefore, overall in this financial year, we should be reducing our long-term 
debt by something like INR 140 crores. 
 
Our interest costs have also reduced in H1 by approximately 20 basis points, primarily in India, 
and now at consolidated, carries an interest rate of 7.5% and 8.1% in India. This reflects the 
confidence of our lenders in the business, and as a result, we continue to enjoy “AA-” credit 
rating at the peak of our debt versus when we were debt free.  
 
Also on the other avenues, we continue to identify non-critical or non-core balance sheet items, 
and we will try to get a bit leaner. So, therefore, you see a small item on the asset held for sale 
for this year as well.  
 
Moving on to, if you refer our slide number 9 on the working capital, our receivables are under 
control at 48 days. Inventories has also reduced in past 6 months by something like INR 70 
crores.  
 
However, if you see the customer advances, that have reduced from INR 406 crores to INR 270 
crores. That's the biggest item for us as an area of improvement for us. That reduction is primarily 
on account of two reasons. One, our backlog has reduced in September versus March. And 
customer advances as a percentage to backlog was 19% in March has reduced to 16% in 
September. So, these two factors have led to this reduction in the customer advances.  
 
Now, moving on to the cash flow. If you see on slide number 10, INR 251 crores of cash 
generation primarily got consumed within the business in H1. The biggest item of that is the 
working capital due to two reasons. One was the customer advances as we just discussed.  

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
And the other reason has been the POC increase in Mavag for something like INR 50 crores for 
this half year, and as you know, Mavag, we have been running a huge Operational Excellence 
program, and as the manufacturing goes on and this POC reduces, we should be able to liquidate 
a lot in H2. With that, I will just transfer the call back to Priyanka. 
Priyanka Daga: 
Thank you, Manish. Sagar, you may now open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Good evening Gentlemen, and first of all, Wish you all a Happy Diwali and a great year ahead. 
Sir, my question was regarding the order intake, which is drifting towards the service side which 
you have mentioned in the presentation also. So, Tarak sir, can you highlight upon the services 
side in detail to make us understand what is this? And how do you see that panning ahead, the 
other business too? 
Tarak Patel: 
Sanjay, thank you so much and Happy Diwali to you as well. Just to understand the business, 
we break our businesses into three main verticals: technology, which includes Glasslined and 
non-Glasslined equipment. We have a systems business which is basically any of our equipment 
around which we build complete systems, automation etc. built into it. And then we have a 
services business, which is basically service mandates that we have internationally.  
 
And in India, we have spare parts. We have re-glass, pipes and fitting. So, these are things that 
are used to service our equipment. And as a company today at a consolidated level, about 35% 
to 40% of our revenues comes from services.  
 
One important aspect to consider is the backlog that is currently available of INR 1,700 odd 
crores does not have a lot of service components because these are obviously fast moving. So, 
over the next few months and quarters, you will see service revenue kind of be something that 
comes, it's quite stable. It will continue to happen, and it will continue to be shipped out. This is 
not really long-term backlog that gets added onto the backlog. So, over the next few months and 
quarters, you will see that the service business will continue to add to the backlog. 
 
The other difference in terms of the international business and the India business, the 
international business obviously has a much larger component of services. India is currently 
around 9%-10%. We have plans to improve that and bring that up to a double digit. So, that's 
something that we are working on.  
 
Services, like you know, is very profitable, and something that we have a lot of focus on creating 
service centers, placing service centers in the right geographies, and making sure that services 
is something that we can be proactive about. 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Our future goals, you know, our strategic intent really is to not only stop at servicing our own 
equipment, but we should also be able to service other equipment as well in a chemical or 
pharmaceutical plant. So, as management, you know, we believe that service is going to continue 
to grow. It is very profitable, and we want to make sure that our service offerings increases over 
time. 
 
You know, having said that, services again is something that gets kind of related to capex. So, 
when capex increases, services may decrease a little bit, but when capex slows down, people 
want to take better care of the equipment and make sure that they have much more uptime and 
hence their spend on services will increase. That's the general overview on services. Happy to 
answer any other questions that you may have.  
Sanjay Shah: 
It's really helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Shalin Choksey from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Shalin Choksey: 
I have a few questions. Firstly, on the order inflows which we know have been relatively weaker. 
Does this translate into any change in revenue or EBITDA guidance? And what sort of visibility 
on the domestic and international business does the current order backlog provide? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, in terms of this year's outlook, I don't think anything changes. I think we are in a very strong 
position to finish the year as planned. As management, we are also very aligned in terms of what 
our strategic direction is in terms of order intake. We know that we have had a couple of quarters 
of slightly lower intake than what we would have liked, but having seen a strong October, we 
believe that over the next few months, quarters, we will be able to build the backlog.  
 
There have been some large projects that we have won, and we still expect to win as well. These 
are projects that got pushed out just because of the slowdown in the chemical industry. We 
expect some of these projects to now materialize in November and in December. So, from that 
perspective, I think this year is completely sorted. We are at par as you would have known. Also, 
in terms of both revenue and profitability, we are perfectly on plan.  
 
Our focus now really is changing to next year. As management we are aware, and we are ready 
for the fight. We are aggressive in the market. At the same time, we are also looking very, very 
strongly at our internal cost structure. Are there opportunities within the company to rationalize 
manufacturing footprint? Is there opportunity to reduce cost? All those things are being worked 
on.  
 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
But all in all, I think the next 6-9 months could be slightly slower than expected, but I believe 
that the chemical industry will come back strongly. Pharma has already seen a bit of pickup, and 
I believe that we are in a strong footing to kind of take advantage of that. So, no change in 
revenue or profitability guidance, and I think for this year, I think we are quite strong, and we 
expect to complete the year just like what we started. 
Shalin Choksey: 
And my other question was on the standalone business where revenue growth has been pretty 
slow at about 4% and EBITDA margins have been flattish sequentially. Firstly, what slowed 
down the revenue growth in the standalone business? And you had earlier indicated that we can 
do about 15% to 16% EBITDA margins in the standalone business. How is that tracking? 
Because to achieve that, it means we will have to do about 17% in H2.  
Manish Poddar: 
So, I think, Shalin, yes, on an EBITDA margin, we have been tracking at something like between 
14%-14.5%, and as Tarak mentioned, next 6 to 9 months look not all that super exciting. So, 
better part of this year probably we should be in this range only, for rest of the year, in standalone 
numbers.  
Aseem Joshi: 
I will just add. So, your line wasn't very clear, but I understood you are asking about top line 
growth in India in the standalone business, right? So, look, I think we all recognize that the 
market in India has been fairly challenging for the last 6-9 months, especially in the chemical 
and pharmaceutical segments. What we have done is been a lot more aggressive in the market 
in these segments and also focused on our exposure or increasing our exposure in other 
segments.  
 
So, for example, oil and gas, minerals and mining and a few others with our mixing business 
with our Equilloy business and things like that. So, while the growth has not been as high as it 
used to be in the past, we believe once these core industrial segments return to growth, combined 
with our increased focus on other segments, I think, you know, we are pretty confident that we 
will get back to our traditional growth rates, and therefore, also get our margin profiles back to 
where we normally are. 
Shalin Choksey: 
And if I may just another question? If you could provide some color on how the raw materials 
prices are tracking now and whether any high-cost inventory that still remains with us?  
Aseem Joshi: 
Raw materials now have thankfully cooled down. They are now back to where they were before 
the spike, but, you know, they have been sort of up, then down than we have seen; but has 
steadied. Most of the high-cost inventory has now flushed out, and we are buying inventory at 
market and using it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Koushik Mohan from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sir, my major question is coming on the glasslined side, because our market share like if we talk 
about the entire TAM for this entire business is somewhere around $1 billion. That comes out 
to be Indian rupee of 8,000 crores or let assume like INR 8,300 crores. And because currently 
we are in a run rate of revenue somewhere around INR 3,178 crores, which is we closed in the 
last year, and also by seeing that last two quarters, we are also very near to INR 2,000 crores. 
That comes up to INR 1,900 crores. So, because of this reason, we are entering into MixPro, that 
is $3 billion market. I understand that. That means INR 25,000 crore market share is there. The 
market is there. We are getting into that, but how about this only the GMM Pfaudler core 
business that is glasslined? What are we looking out here? Are we going to take the market share 
of De Dietrich, which is the market leader in the world? 
Aseem Joshi: 
I will start off and then perhaps Thomas or Tarak might want to add. Look, glasslined business 
is, as you rightly mentioned, our core business, and we have definitely focused on maintaining 
our share there.  
 
While our share varies across different regions of the world, roughly speaking we are at 40% to 
50% market share globally. You did mention correctly that the market globally is about $1 
billion, but obviously, as the cycle in this, the capex cycle in the chemical, pharmaceutical 
segments has slowed down, you know, for a temporary period that market also slows down a 
little bit, right?  
 
So, we are very confident that we are, if not protecting, actually, we believe we have gained 
share in the last 6 months, because we have been a lot more aggressive in ensuring that we 
capture the orders that are out there, and we are confident certainly all the major project orders 
have come to GMM Pfaudler. 
 
As far as MixPro is concerned or the mixing business is concerned, that's a separate segment. 
We have always had a mixing business. We believe it's a good business, and therefore, we are 
expanding in it. But it's an independent separate business, you know, that gives us a little more 
diversification and breadth of exposure.  
Thomas Kehl: 
From International point of view, the market shares also are quite high in all the regions that we 
serve. In major regions, we have a good position there, and our strategy always has been to 
maintain this market share.  
 
However, during the last two-three years, we have been able to increase market share, especially 
in Europe, where we have been able to cater to some of the regions that we haven't been able to 
get a foothold in like Southern Europe, Eastern Europe, and this was due to the EPIQ program 
where we import vessels from India, Made in India, finishing them up in our sites in Europe and 
shipping to the customer. And this was incremental business for us and thus we have gained 
market share in the last few years. And our goal is still to maintain that.  

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Tarak Patel: 
And just to add on the mixing business, more strategic rather than what our plan is, so, as you 
know, we have always had a mixing business in India. It's close to about what? $20 odd million. 
That was the starting point.  
 
We then acquired a company in France called Mixel around $12 million-$15 million of revenue, 
also having a facility in China. So, we are now present in India, in Europe, and in China. Recently 
we announced the acquisition of MixPro, which is in Canada. So, now we have access to North 
America and South America, right?  
 
So, as part of the global strategy, we wanted to be a global player when it came to mixing, which 
is now completed. We have also looked at resources and organization for mixing. We have also 
kind of we are in the process of bringing in somebody to run the mixing business. I think that's 
something that will really help our dedicated focus on the business with the go-to-market 
strategy.  
 
Mixing is something that again makes a lot of difference for the customer. It's a technology play. 
It helps reduce batch time. It helps improve our power consumption. It helps reduce cost, right? 
So, many more companies are looking at mixing now. People are talking to us about mixing in 
a more technical manner as well. So, this is definitely an area that we want to focus on.  
 
And like Aseem mentioned, mixing goes across many different industries, right? So, metals and 
minerals, water treatment, paints. It goes into food and beverage. It goes into cosmetics. So, the 
list is really, really long. Obviously, we are not going to play in all the areas, but we are going 
to pick and choose areas where we have a strong footing. And our idea is to be in the top five 
mixing companies in the world. I mean, obviously, it's not going to happen overnight, but I think 
the progress that we have made so far both with the acquisition and both with the resources that 
we have added, I think over the next few years, you will see the mixing business really kind of 
grow at a much faster pace than our glasslined business. 
 
The other thing just to kind of close out this question is that even though glasslined is what we 
are known for, glasslined at the start, maybe two or three years ago, accounted for nearly 70% 
of our revenue. Our idea of management is to bring that down to 50%, right? 50% should be 
glasslined, and the rest of the 50% should come from non-glasslined, services and systems, right? 
That is really the goal to mitigate the risk and the exposure that we have in glasslined.  
 
We have kind of built a portfolio of non-glasslined products, right? And these products are 
growing much faster, have much bigger markets that we can cater to. Their TAMs are much 
bigger, and hence, we believe that this is going to be the kind of structural change in the business 
over the next maybe two or three years. We will always be the market leader in glasslined, but 
the share of glasslined within our total revenues will probably come down to close to 50%.  
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Koushik Mohan: 
So that means that our entire revenue of glasslined is currently around, if I assume on the broader 
terms in the last year, we have closed around INR 3178 crores. If I assume even, we'll do this 
year INR 3000 crores that means that in next coming five years we have another 50% market 
coming from only from mixing line. That means our entire sales will somewhere around look 
like to INR 6000 crores. Then what will be our margins, which line of margins will be taken? 
Because currently if we look at margins, the glasslined India business is doing great than the 
Pfaudler business that we have it. How about mixing, in mixing business what kind of margins 
that we'll do? If possible, can you give all the three segments which I'm talking about their 
EBITDA level margins if you have some guidance? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. You went to the numbers quite fast and I'm not sure if I agree with all the numbers. I would 
just kind of give you an overview. Glasslined margins, yes, are quite strong, have been quite 
strong, but even our non-glasslined businesses today are generating similar levels of 
profitability, right. So, none of the business lines that we've added are going to be detrimental to 
margin. They're going to add and improve the margin profile. Our mixing business maybe in 
some cases is already higher than glasslined, right? So, there is definitely technology sale that 
we're doing in mixing, in systems where we're getting probably better margins than we are in 
glasslined. Again, the only business that we have today within the group that probably is slightly 
lower than glasslined would be the Heavy Engineering business. But again, there we have a clear 
strategy of picking and choosing the right metallurgy, export versus domestic and making sure 
that our margin profile is close to maybe 12%-15% there, right. But the rest of the product lines 
that we have, anything that goes into chemical processing should generate a 15%-20% margin 
profile, if not more, services and systems obviously will give you a lot more. And then our 
Interseal business again has a very high margin profile, right. So, I think that's the general 
overview. We don't expect a significant change in margin profile just because we are reducing 
the glasslined share. We're replacing that or we are adding new businesses that are also kind of 
margin accretive rather than dilutive. 
 
Koushik Mohan: 
Sir, my repetitive question on this but little bit clarity in the glasslined business. India business 
currently is somewhere around (+16%). So, can we maintain this margins in India business and 
in non-India business that is international business somewhere around 12%, in mixing line what 
kind of percentage is that? In India business, what is our EBITDA margin, in non-India business 
that is international business Glasslined, what is our margin? In mixing line, what will be our 
margin? 
Tarak Patel: 
I said that, those are the right numbers in terms of general guidelines. I think India margins can 
improve a little bit with operational efficiencies and things like that. If the market dynamics were 
to change and the market demand were to increase and automatically prices would increase and 
hence our margins would go up.  Internationally also,  glasslined margins will remain stable, and 
I didn't hear you clearly, but I think you said mixing line. I'm not sure what that meant but the 
mixing business is between the 15%-20% margin profile currently. The idea is obviously to grow 
that margin and improve that margin as we consolidate, as we have a clear strategy and as we 
have a clear go to market strategy, we want to improve margins definitely. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Pramod Dangi from Unifi Investment Management 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Dangi: 
Just the two questions, when you said that Pharma started seeing some momentum building up 
in India, but chemical is still sluggish. So, while our order book is still low, do you see any kind 
of announcement for the new capex building up in the pharma or the chemical where you can 
see that the customers are now planning for the new capex? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, I think there's two points here. One is, I don't think our order book is low. I think we're 
comfortable. The problem is that the market was super-hot. So, our order book, obviously a few 
quarters ago was incredible. It was much higher, but it's not the general tendency to have such a 
high order book. So, I think that's something to just keep in mind. We are still at a very 
comfortable position, maybe not at the highest level that we were, but that market was definitely 
inflated and superhot. Keeping that in mind, like I said, we are at a comfortable level and that 
we believe that with orderbook can continue to grow because some of these opportunities that 
we are working on which are delayed with only kind of materialized in the coming quarters. And 
I think we should be in a good position then. Coming back to your question about pharmaceutical 
investment specifically and I'll let Thomas answer for the international business. In India, we do 
believe that things are kind of improving. We have been seeing some traction on the ground, 
especially in Hyderabad. We've seen some stuff happening in Gujarat and in Mumbai as well. 
Pharma is coming back. I think the real play for pharma is going to be in the next financial year. 
FY25 is where pharma will invest. I think some of them have already started building capacity 
to cater to the demand in FY25. Some of the bigger guys like Divis has already announced Unit 
3. They've already placed the first round of orders, Laurus has expanded. Neuland is expanding. 
We have expansion in MSN as well. So, those guys are expanding. We have Cipla and Sun 
Pharma looking at small expansions, Pfizer is looking of small expansion. So, yes, there is 
definitely more momentum in pharmaceuticals and may be Thomas internationally you would 
like to say something on the pharma business or the pharma sector? 
Thomas Kehl: 
Yes, the pharma sector is still strong going as well, in the Americas as well as in Europe. In 
Americas, our order intake that is driven by pharma, our projects is quite strong still. We also 
have increased basically our service above expectations in the Americas, Europe, we have to say 
that the pharma industry is still investing and the bottlenecking and repairing. So, what we are 
seeing is in the tech market there. However, the overheated mode is somewhat over. Things are 
back to normal. Decision times are taking a bit longer or back to normal times and this is quite 
good news. Where we see some significant weakness at this point is in China and China 
pharmaceutical as well as chemical markets are very, very slow right now. Their capacity seems 
to be at the at the high level at this point, but both the opportunities is quite large in China, as 
you know from a global point of view and those investments will come back and when they 
come back really they come back strong. 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Pramod Dangi: 
And secondly on our stock and sales strategy where we are supposed to supply around 28-30 
reactors to the Germany or the European facility, how's that shaping up? What kind of 
transaction we are seeing over there in terms of the customer of tech, if you can give some update 
on that. 
Alexander Pömpner: 
Yes, thanks, difficult to understand but I think you want the question about the stock and sale 
program that we have initiated and started. We consider this is still huge success, it's ongoing, 
it's still going. We are replenishing our stock the second or third time as we speak. Shipments 
are on the way to Europe and usually the vessels that we have in stock and sales don't remain 
longer than two to three months on stock before they go and this is something that our customers 
appreciate having the opportunity in an emergency case to get fast supply and for that reason, 
it's a success story. 
Pramod Dangi: 
Is it helping to gain some market share or to serving the client more in a limited time how is it 
helping overall profitability side as well as gaining the momentum of the client.  
Tarak Patel: 
Sorry, your line is not very clear to understand the question. You mind logging back into the 
queue? 
Pramod Dangi: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Omkar Kamtekar from Bonanza 
Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Thank you. First of all, with respect to the execution, our order intake has been slow, that’s not 
the issue from my perspective. But the order backlog has fallen by approximately INR 300 crores 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, we can say effectively on a positive side the execution had 
improved and we have done approximately INR 900 crores of revenue and every quarter there 
has been a fair bit of increase especially in the last three quarters on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
So, can we say that the execution is starting to ramp up and this this execution level can sustain 
or maybe even improve for H2 and ahead? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, the problem is that I think too much improvement in execution means that you eat into your 
backlog much faster. Like you rightly said, but execution both in India, especially in 
international business has been quite strong. Like many of you will know we have 3 new 
facilities in Germany, in Italy and in China, which obviously are executing the momentum is 
there, these factories were started maybe 2.5-3 years ago and it took us some time to ramp up. 
That's why you're seeing a significant improvement in revenue. You might remember that when 
we acquired the business, international was about $175 million. Today they are close to $250 
million-$300 million, right, so significant improvement in revenue and it's come from 2 main 
areas, one is operational excellence or improvement in execution and two pricing improvement, 
right. So, we used to have when we were moving factory or exchanging from the old factory to 
the new factory, a lot of delays in delivery but today customers are very confident. They're very 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
comfortable that when Pfaudler says they are going to deliver in eight months, it's going to come 
in eight months. So, that's the benefit. We need to definitely continue with execution and that's 
what we are working on. There could be an opportunity to rationalize a little bit of manufacturing 
that we have and that's something that we're looking at as well. But otherwise, I think execution 
will continue. We need to focus on bringing in orders which we all are quite aligned. Order 
intake has been quite strong in October. We hope that November and December will also be 
quite strong when we are back at the decent level and like I said, our business is not only 
dependent today on glasslined, so we are not only dependent on chemical and pharma. We have 
other businesses that cater to other industries as well. So, in heavy engineering, for example, last 
month we got INR 75 crores order. We are currently working on a few other large projects, INR 
50-60 crore. The two of them are going to materialize immediately. We are now at the INR 2000 
crore backlog mark. So, again there is nothing has changed very quickly, and I believe that India 
will turn around much faster than the international business. India currently has a smaller 
backlog, so India needs to kind of run faster. In international business like I mentioned, 30% 
also comes from spare parts and services that's always ongoing. So, that's not part of the backlog 
and that will add to the backlog every month. So, that's the general overview in terms of backlog 
and in terms of the execution capabilities as well. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
And with respect to the guidance, so the guidance I think would remain relatively unchanged 
because at the current run rate, we might just about fall maybe by a percent or two short of the 
FY24 estimate that was given in Q1 and we might we should be in line with the FY25 guidance 
just to confirm. 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, as management, we are clear that FY25 guidance and I think in the past as management 
what we've kind of given out in terms of guidance we have delivered on and our primary goal 
and every single day when we wake up, we make sure that we are working towards achieving 
that goal. I don't see a reason why we should not be able to meet that goal. We might have to 
look at certain deviations of strategy, certain changes in our strategy, a little bit more aggressive 
on pricing, but I think we all are in the same page when it comes to that, we need to meet these 
numbers and we will work towards meeting these numbers and making sure That we deliver on 
the guidance. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Just a view on the mixing business, so the MixPro acquisition that we have done, although it is 
a small scale vertical now, but how do you see that scaling up and what percentage of the total 
revenue that it might go say maybe FY25-FY26. What is the guide pathway for that? If you 
could help me with that? 
Tarak Patel: 
When you add up a mixing business and both the Aseem and Thomas will jump in with their 
views as well. Today, India is around $20 million, Mixel is around $15 million, adds to the 
number $35 million and let's say MixPro was another $7-8 million, right. So, we have the $ 41-
42 million mark, which puts us into kind of already in one of the bigger or the top five kind of 
companies in the world. Our focus is to build that business into at least $100 million business, 
double it in the near term, three-to-five-year period. And we believe that there are more 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
acquisition opportunities here as well. So, that's something that we will always look at pursuing 
when something comes up. But even organically now that we have these three facilities we have 
PTR, we have access to new markets. We will then use our global sales network and our ability 
to kind of combine the three mixing platforms into one and offer the same product ranges to 
multiple customers across multiple regions, right? So, mixing is something that should grow 
quite fast. We've seen significant improvement in the mixing business here in India and we 
believe that internationally also over the next few quarters, you will see mixing becoming 
stronger and stronger. Thomas or Aseem do you want to say something here? 
Thomas Kehl: 
Yes, thank you much. I think the mixing business again, market base is significantly bigger than 
the glasslined market base and this is one of the reasons why we have chosen the technology, 
the technology that we understand was very adjacent to what we already do. And at the same 
time, it opens for us market opportunities in the market segment that we haven't been serving 
with our other products so far. And therefore, a lot of opportunities are certainly there. We are 
making ourselves a stronger company by mixing, offering that and organizationally we are 
working right now diligently and setting up in our organization. And when we call it the mixing 
division with leading person coming from the industry, very experienced joining us beginning 
calendar year next year and putting all those things together. And as Tarak said, we are working 
on several acquisitions around mixing as we speak, and we have further potential to grow. 
Aseem Joshi: 
Yes, I'll just add, I think Tarak and Thomas have covered most of the strategy things, I'll give 
you a couple of examples of how mixing makes a difference, right? So, in India recently we've 
had some nice wins in new segments. So, for example, in lithium processing, the specific 
agitators required, which we're working on. In biorefining, in gold beneficiation process as well. 
We're supplying our agitators. These are new areas from our traditional chemical and 
pharmaceutical space and it gives us the ability to really cover segments that we have 
traditionally not covered. We've selected a few areas where we think we can make a difference 
and we'll continue to build our expertise, our PTRs, so that we make a more compelling offers 
to our customer base. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
It would be prudent to assume that the mixing business will be growing much, much faster and 
it will it also already I think you mentioned 15% to 20% EBITDA margin. So, that would be 
good to assume. 
Aseem Joshi:  
I think that's a reasonable assumption to make. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
And just a final word on the working capital. So, in the current quarter, we've seen approximately 
INR 220 crores hit because of the working capital. So, how are we going to optimize that or is 
this just a one-off thing or is this going to be maybe prolonged for sometime? 
 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Manish Poddar: 
I think that has gone into the base now. So, I think as on 1st October, we start with a fresh base. 
So,  H2 and H1 will be completely different part A. Part B, there are a few initiatives which 
we've already started working upon and you will see the results hopefully in 31st March results 
as and when we come up. 
And to your previous question on maximizing couple of months back, we uploaded a mixing 
presentation and there's that much more detail if there is and you can refer that as well and there 
is a 25% growth guidance has been given on for the next four-five years on the mixing business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Marcellus investment 
managers. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
My question was relating to the unbilled revenues amount. In March ‘23, the amount was around 
INR 100 crores, I just want to know how that amount was moved as on 30th September? 
Manish Poddar: 
So, the Raj the unbilled revenue amount as I said with regard to Mavag primarily has increased 
by something INR 56-57 crore. So, to that extent that amount increases. 
Raj Shah: 
How do you expect this amount to move by the year end? 
Manish Poddar: 
I think it should be more or less be stable and it's a smaller reduction because as you grow the 
base, the revenue rate increases, but I think at this stage we are a slightly on the higher side. So, 
you can say a marginal reduction as we go along. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah, from Investec Capital.  
Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
This is Ritesh from Investec Capital. So, I just wanted to understand the business case for mixing 
technology that's one. So, you did indicate examples for lithium and gold. This is quite niche as 
far as the Indian markets are there. Do we supply to any other non-ferrous majors likes of 
Hindalcos, Vedantas of this world and if yes, so what is it substituting right now or is it 
something which is new that we are offering to these companies? 
Aseem Joshi: 
As far as minerals and mining are concerned, I gave those two examples. We do provide agitation 
solutions to a wider range of minerals and mining cases. While I can't take specific customer 
names for confidentiality reasons, certainly we do cover other areas. And as far as what we're 
replacing, There is usually an existing agitation solution but the way we design our agitator, it 
gives them better productivity or more efficiency in terms of power consumption and that is 
what actually enables our sales vis-à-vis their existing solution. 
Tarak Patel: 
So, just to add to this, I think in the past when these plants were built, especially in metal and 
minerals in you know oil and gas, petrochemicals, a lot of PTRs was required. So, most of these 
PTRs were already expected, which would mean that these inquiries would only go to certain 
vendors, so in most cases we do compete with the global biggies when it comes to mixing. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
However, we've made a name for ourselves here in India and now with the two acquisitions that 
we have done, we've also bought PTR, right. For example, Mixel has a very strong PTR certain 
industry MixPro on the other hand a has a very strong on PTR in other industry segments. So, 
we don't really have a lot of overlap. So, when we combine the three businesses, we have really 
a much wider range of industry segment and PTR that we can use. The idea is to bring it all 
together and package it together under one umbrella of mixing and then go out and then target 
the customer base saying, Hey! we can now cater to a much wider range of industry. Like I said 
earlier, mixing helps customers reduce batch time, which means they can produce more. You 
can reduce your power consumption, which means your cost goes down. You can improve the 
quality of your products which means you get more money, so there's multiple benefits that the 
customer can touch and feel. And that's why mixing is very, very important. And that's why we 
have decided as our technology leader to go after mixing in a big way because it fits perfectly 
with the portfolio. It's complementary. The synergies mixing is something we speak about with 
our chemical and pharma customers, but now we can speak about it to a much wider range of 
customers as well. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Alright, Sir, I appreciate your comments. So, to my understanding glasslined equipment are far, 
far critical, right. So, you will have some pricing power and we can call out on margins what we 
want. How critical is the mixing as a technology when you look at any of the ferrous or non-
ferrous majors because it will be a very small part of the value chain to my understanding, so 
will it fair the same level of margins, ROCE that we look at when we look at our traditional or 
core businesses? 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes. So, the big project that we have done where we were competing with international players, 
we did a fermentation project where we were competing with the Chinese company and we must 
have made I think higher than 30% EBITDA margin in those specific agitators, right? So, these 
are all critical, especially when it's critical and you cannot take any kind of risk, the customer 
cannot take the risk then they have to make sure that they pay for and compared to manufacturing 
outside of India. So, let's say we're competing with the German, a French or a Chinese player, 
our cost of manufacturing in India is much lower. So, we are maybe 25%-30% cheaper, but 
because of our lower cost, we make significant improvement in margins. So, mixing generally 
is a profitable business. It's changed a lot and, in most cases, the mixing business will probably 
give you better margins than glasslined and that's the idea of really growing the mixing business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shyam Maheshwari from Aditya Birla Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
I just had a couple of questions. One on the international business, when I look at the gross 
margins this quarter, they are a little off, the numbers that we usually post around 3% to 4%. 
Wanted to understand why that is? Is there some competitive pricing that you're seeing there? Is 
it some acquisition related integration costs that are probably one-off the nature? 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Tarak Patel: 
Sorry, this is the international business you're talking about or the India business. I didn't get 
that, sorry. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
The international. 
Tarak Patel: 
There is. It's slightly lower. What is lower, you said, sorry, gross margin. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
The gross margins. 
Manish Poddar: 
In international business, the technology business in this quarter has been a bit on the higher 
side. And as you would imagine, technology would consume that much more raw material and 
that is the main reason for this higher increase in the material cost line item. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Right, so this is probably a mix related. 
Manish Poddar: 
Exactly, that's exactly what it is. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
No competitive kind of pressure as such. 
Tarak Patel: 
Competitive pressure is there now. I mean, if the market were to slow down, obviously there is 
more people buying for the same kind of order book. There is definitely more competitive 
pressure. I would say Europe and international US is not as intense as we've seen, at least here 
in India. But I think in India we've done quite well with maintaining or maybe even improving 
market share in glasslined, our order book in glasslined in the last couple of months has been 
quite strong. We expect some more large orders to finalize in the near future. From that 
perspective, I think both international and glasslined margins could probably see an 
improvement if the market were to kind of turn and the demand were to increase. 
Thomas Kehl: 
The revenues that you see right now, they are not under competitive pressure because revenues 
from the last quarter were order intakes from 8 months ago. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Second question was just on the outlook on the chemical industry as such. You have guided for 
growth beyond FY25 as well. Orders right now are muted so what gives you the confidence that 
the chemical industry will come back and maybe if you could give kind of a breakup between 
like agrochemical, specialty chemical, which sectors you are seeing, maybe some sort of pickup 
happening in the recent months? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, I probably was hoping to ask you the same question in terms of what do you think about 
chemical because you probably are tracking and following more chemical companies than we 
are. But I think what gives us confidence is that 1) some of the projects that was supposed to be 
finalized maybe six months ago have finally started, kind of people are sending us enquiries, 
they finalize on their equipment, and they are now getting into the negotiation phase, that started 
to happen. And I think that gives us a little bit more confidence because earlier maybe  a quarter 
ago or two, three months ago, we did not have that confidence, things have got pushed out and 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
in terms of chemical industry and when I say chemical is really agrochemical, the bottom has 
been reached, I don't think there's any further kind of downside there. So, if anything, things are 
going to improve. Raw material prices have also stabilized like you must be knowing much of 
the overstocking is going to get consumed and then obviously US, Brazil will start ordering 
again. So, we will see a ramp-up of the chemical industry, mainly agrochemical. Specialty, 
pharma have been decent. They have been kind of doing okay. People building like CPVC, PVC, 
all these kind of specialty chemicals continue to do quite okay and then pharma is picking up. 
So, all in all I think the whole situation even though has – chemical is cyclical. We've always 
known this obviously we've been in an upcycle for the last maybe five to six years so people 
didn't realize that there's also a down cycle. I think the idea is when there's a down cycle, we 
should be aware and we should make sure that we have control of our costs and make sure that 
we don't lose market share, which we are doing and as soon as the markets are to turn, I think 
we will be in a strong position to take this opportunity and make sure that we are again in a 
strong position. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
My first question is, what is that you're doing differently in the international business now, which 
is clearly getting reflected on your margin. With the capacity utilization, headcount 
rationalization or had there been any revamps in the existing facilities, I mean what are the top 
levers apart from the better pricing that you get? 
Tarak Patel: 
So, maybe Alex, you can take this question. The question is what are you doing differently in 
the international business so that your profit margins have improved significantly from what 
7.5% from 2.5 to 3 years ago to now nearly 15%.  
Alexander Pömpner: 
There are several factors what Thomas mentioned before, a lot of the orders that you currently 
see in our P&L they were offered when we had the peak for energy prices for material last year, 
so we were able to increase our prices further. And in the meantime, the cost structure stabilized 
again and therefore we benefit from the higher for the better priced business with the lower cost 
structure now. 
Tarak Patel: 
Right. And I think the other thing that maybe from the pricing improvement that we did, but also 
the execution in the facilities namely Germany, China, Italy, I think these are new facilities, they 
took some time to ramp up. But now the momentum is currently strong, and we are getting good 
absorption of the fixed cost. Having said that, we always also look at and maybe Thomas can 
talk a little bit about the employee costs generally and what we have done over the last few 
months to make sure that we're more efficient. 
Thomas Kehl: 
Of course, we had increases due to the inflation of the regions. Again, we have been able to 
manage to increase our prices accordingly. That was not significantly difficult because all our 
customers have the same story, the same issues with that. But at the same time, we were able to 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
increase productivity to operational excellence programs to combining better operational 
processes and the productivity increase. And this is what how we counter those cost increase. 
Sarang Sanil: 
My second question is when I see your margins in the last two years, in Q4, there is a bump up 
in other expense as a percentage of revenue. So, is there any big expense that you incur in Q4 
and is it something we can expect going forward? 
Tarak Patel: 
In Q4, there is usually you pay your incentives, right international, but there's something in last 
Q4 that we have the new salary or January is the new calendar where they have the higher salary 
that you pay normally. 
Manish Poddar: 
So, the appraisal cycle is 1st January, which happens to be Q4 for us. So, employee expenses 
generally go up. 
Tarak Patel: 
Yes, in Q4 but I think generally for the year, you will see that we are around what we've guided 
towards. But yes, Q4 you will see a slight increase in employee expenses in the international 
business. 
Sarang Sanil: 
I meant other expense line item. 
Manish Poddar: 
I think exactly reference to last year Q4 probably we may not have something upfront 
immediately to our mind, but I think there would be legal expenses that would be there on 
account of acquisition and all. 
Alexander Pömpner: 
I think you assume that you refer to the cost that we spend for the acquisitions and for the we 
say you remember that we also tried to dispose the Edlon business and for the year and in fact, 
we put all the costs for this. So, this is more or less considered as a one-time impact. So, please 
do not consider going forward that in the Q4, we always see a significant bump in the US 
operating expenses. 
Sarang Sanil: 
My final question is, is the effective tax rate being the 26%-27% range only for this year because 
first two quarters we saw a little on the higher side, right? 
Alexander Pömpner: 
The international business we always had some changes in the tax rate. I think in general we 
gave the guidance to consider rate of 27% to 28% there between the quarters some changes, but 
I would consider that for this quarter we are at the 25%-27% weight again, so yes. For the full 
year you will see according to our published reconciliation where you see the impact due to 
deferred taxes due to the units that we have globally. So, that's the general guidance remains at 
27%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as our last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
GMM Pfaudler Limited  
November 9, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Tarak Patel: 
So, thank you everybody for joining us for this call. I think most of the comments that we've 
made today will kind of show to you that we have line of sight in terms of where we want to be. 
We obviously have now also our shareholder who has come in recently and we will be engaging 
with them as well to kind of build strategies and achieve areas of improvement and that we will 
obviously maybe at some point look to give you guidance maybe more than FY25 which we are 
currently have guided towards. Having said that, we also have some specific strategies for 
acquisitions, M&A opportunities that we continue to look at. So, that's something that we will 
continue to do. And then lastly, like I said, we are making sure that our cost structure remains 
intact and that we can look at operational efficiency to help improve margins. And hopefully the 
market is starting to turn and there is some the uptick and if the market were to kind of turn 
around much faster than obviously the demand goes up, which means then everybody kind of 
increases prices. So, that would help also in terms of profitability but generally I think we 
performed quite well for the first half of the year. And we expect to continue with the momentum 
for the next half as well. And we look forward to speaking with you at the end of Q3. Thank you 
very much and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GMM Pfaudler, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
