 
_____________________________________________________________ 
ALLSEC TECHNOLOGIES LTD. 
Regd. Office : 46-C, Velachery Main Road, Velachery, Chennai – 600 042. 
Tel.: +91.44.4299 7070  web: www.allsectech.com 
Corporate Identity Number : L72300TN1998PLC041033, Email : contactus@allsectech.com 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 532633 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol: ALLSEC 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, this is to inform that the Transcript of the Earnings Conference call, 
conducted through digital means on October 27, 2023; has been uploaded on the website of 
the Company under the following link: www.allsectech.com/investor-information/ .  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thank you, 
 
 
For Allsec Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Neeraj Manchanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.:A/a 
 
NEERAJ 
MANCHAND
A
Digitally signed by 
NEERAJ MANCHANDA 
Date: 2023.11.02 
17:28:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Allsec Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAOZER DALAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ALLSEC TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. GAURAV MEHRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLSEC TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. KUSHAL MAHESWARI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALLSEC TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BALAJI SUBRAMANIAN – IIFL SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allsec Technologies Limited Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Balaji Subramanian from IIFL 
Securities Limited. 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Thank you, Malcolm. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and thank you for joining us on the post 
results conference call of Allsec Technologies Limited. It's my pleasure to introduce the senior 
management team of Allsec, who are here with us today to discuss the results. We have with us 
Mr. Naozer Dalal, CEO; Mr. Gaurav Mehra, CFO; and Mr. Kushal Maheswari, Investor 
Relations. 
We will begin the call with opening remarks by the management team. And after that, we will 
open the call for a Q&A session. I would now like to hand over the call to Kushal to take the 
proceedings forward. Thank you, and over to you, Kushal. 
Kushal Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Balaji. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining for Allsec Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Call. Any information, data and outlook shared by the management during the call 
which is forward-looking is subject to prevailing business conditions and government policies. 
All forward-looking statements are subject to economic growth or other risks faced by the 
company. The results and the presentation have been uploaded on our website. Please refer to 
slide number two of investor presentation for the safe harbor clause. 
With that safe harbor, I will now handover the call to our CEO, Mr. Naozer Dalal for his opening 
statement. 
Naozer Dalal: 
Thank you so much, Balaji and Kushal. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining our 
earnings call today. I'm looking forward to interacting with each one of you. For those who don't 
know me, here's a quick introduction.  
It's been a privilege to lead Allsec over the last eight months. Prior to this I have been a part of 
the banking and process outsourcing industry with experience in excess of 33 years with leading 
names like Standard Chartered Bank, The Prudential Bank Office in India and the Tata Group. 
With my immediately just prior role being with our group company, Conneqt Business Solutions 
as its Deputy CEO.I have with me, Mr. Gaurav Mehra, Chief Financial Officer, who will twin 
with me in interacting with yourselves.  
At the start, I am happy to announce that your company has declared an interim dividend of 
INR45.7 crores,that is INR30 per share for the current financial year. 
Another key highlight for this quarter is that, we have rebranded our two lines of businesses. 
The digital business services is now Customer Experience Management (CXM) and Human 
Resources operations is Employee Experience Management (EXM). 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
This reflects our value-added role of providing superior experience, both to your end customers 
and employees via our interaction and services. We'll give you a brief business overview & 
update covering both our LOBs and follow it up with the detailed financial performance. Post 
that, we will be happy to take your questions. 
So to start with some banner headlines. Q2 FY '24 revenues from operations stands at INR112 
crores, up 4.5% quarter-on-quarter and 19.3% year-on-year, driven by growth in both the 
verticals. CXM grew by 3.9% and 18.3%, respectively and EXM by 5.8% and 21.2%, 
respectively. Our PAT at INR16.2 crores for the quarter is up 3% year-on-year and 2.3% quarter-
on-quarter. 
We added new employee records in excess of 1.3 lakhs in H1 and now process 1.3 million 
employee records at the end of September, remaining the clear market leader in the managed 
services space, continuing to be about 20% to 30% higher than competition volumes. 
We have added additional seat capacity in Manila nearly doubling it. Our staff attrition has been 
maintained at 8.1% for quarter 2, which continues to be near best-in-class in the domestic 
outsourcing industry. Our cash position and collections continue to be strong. Our collections 
for Q2 '24 was maintained at INR111 crores in spite of one-off challenges in the US market 
collections. 
I will now provide a progress update on the two big projects, SmartPay 4, version 4 and the new 
HRMS. We have been working on being key strategic initiatives. Last two quarters, we have 
been working hard to cross the finishing line. I'm happy to share that we have capitalized both 
SP4 and the new HRMS costs as on 30th September. We have completed parallel runs for our 
upgraded payroll engine (SP4) for a few of our strategic customers, and the results have been 
encouraging. 
Phase I of our new HRMS platform, has crossed the milestone of user acceptance testing. We 
are in the process of drawing up transition plans to migrate our existing customers to SP4 over 
the next couple of quarters, and we'll also be approaching the market in H2 to pilot sales of the 
HRMS platform on a SaaS basis. 
There were a couple of questions around this in the previous conference call too. This will open 
up a new market segment for us. Though I would like to state that profitable client acquisition 
would continue to be a key consideration and would drive our SaaS strategy. 
We will now move to our new sales achievements. We have signed EXM sales with ACV of 
INR17 crores in H1 FY '24, which is up about 40% compared to the previous H2 FY '23. We 
have added marquee logos, including targeted conversion of competitor logos besides focusing 
on mining of existing accounts, including accounts acquired in FY '23. Separately, we will 
accelerate the focus on international EXM sales for the remainder of this financial year and into 
FY '25. 
In CXM, we have added two new LOBs in the health care account, which we had won at the 
end of the last financial year and also added two new logos in Q2 with an ACV in excess of 
INR5 crores. You would recollect that in my last call, I have shared two key initiatives planned 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
for this financial year for in the EXM space. The first being increasing the ticket size of new 
EXM sales, the second being shortening transition time lines. 
I'm happy to report that we have made good progress in both of the above goals. Our ticket size 
of new sales is 2.4x in Q2 as compared to what we were in Q1, being 46 lakhs in Q2. We also, 
as I mentioned earlier, transitioned 1.3 lakh payslips in H1 itself as against 87,000 in the whole 
of FY '23. Additionally, we have embarked on a journey of operational and cost efficiencies 
earlier in this financial year with focus on the key metric of payslips processed per employee, 
which has improved by 4.5% year-on-year. 
All of the above has enabled us to demonstrate an uptick in the EXM segment margins by 2.6% 
quarter-on-quarter and 1.8% year-on-year for Q2 '24. Our CXM margin, though, has got 
impacted by the delinquency of a US customer under Chapter 11 during this quarter. Adjusting 
for this, our CXM margin too  is about 0.7% higher than the previous quarter. 
Coming to our operational performance. Our meeting of operational KPIs remains strong for 
both CXM and EXM, including being named as the best partner in some of our customers' league 
tables. We continue to provide value-added services to our customers, including but not limited 
to point automation, bundling RPA in our solutions, etc. 
We again continue to receive high ratings and increasingly positive feedback on social media, 
Glassdoor, AmbitionBox, etcetera, a direct outcome of our continued focus on employee 
engagement. We also continue to encourage our employees to participate in the corporate social 
responsibility activities of the company. 
With this, I'll now turn to the detailed financial performance, for which I will ask my colleague, 
Gaurav to brief you on the same. Thank you. 
Gaurav Mehra: 
Thank you, Naozer and good evening to you all. It's a pleasure to connect with you all for H1 
earning updates. I will share quarterly and half yearly financial results.  
To start with on the operational revenue, operational revenue for the quarter is INR112.4 crores, 
a growth of 19.3% year-over-year and 4.5% quarter-over-quarter. We have growth across both 
the verticals. CXM vertical grew by 18.3% year-over-year and 3.9% quarter-over-quarter. Our 
EXM business shown a growth of 21.2% year-over-year and 5.8% quarter-over-quarter. In 
CXM, management focus is more on the international business, which is the higher revenue 
margin business. 
International business grew by 21.4% year-over-year and domestic business grew by 11.6% 
year-over-year. We had a quarterly growth of 4.6% for International business and 2.1% for 
domestic business. Within the EXM business, our EXM Payroll business grew by 22.5% year-
over-year and 8.7% quarter-over-quarter. EXM Compliance business, which is more of a 
statutory compliance that business grew by 16.2% year-over-year, and we have seen a softness 
of 4.5% quarter-over-quarter. 
Moving to the margin section, our EBITDA for the quarter stands at INR 25.4 crores, a growth 
of 17.4% year-over-year and 3.5% quarter-over-quarter. Our margins for the CXM business 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
grew by 8.8% year-over-year and 6.4% quarter-over-quarter. Our margins for EXM business 
grew by 28.2% year-over-year and 14.7% quarter-over-quarter. 
Moving to the margins. Our PBT increased by 5.3% year-over-year and 3.9% quarter-over-
quarter and PAT has grown by 2.3% year-over-year and 3% quarter-over-quarter. We have 
growth across both the verticals. 
Now I move to the half yearly results. Revenue for H1 '24 is INR220 crores, a growth of 20.6% 
year-over-year basis. EBITDA for H1 '24 is INR50 crores, a growth of 19.3% year-on-year basis. 
Our PBT grew by 8.5% and PAT grew by 8.4% on a year-over-year basis. Our PBT and PAT 
percentage, partially impacted by Chapter 11 delinquencies as I said by now. 
Moving to the vertical performance. CXM revenue for the H1 is INR146 crores, and there is a 
growth of 24.7% for the International Business, which is a higher margin business. Our margins 
growth - the International business has given a marginal growth of 18.9% on a year-over-year 
basis. H1 '24 CXM margin stand at 12.3% for H1 '24 versus 12.7% for the last year. Margins 
are partially impacted by the Chapter 11 delinquencies. EXM Payroll business grew by 19.7% 
and Stat business for the H1 grew by 10.4%. 
Margin for the H1 EXM consol business is 32.2%, which is better by the 0.8% on a year-over-
year basis. Employee record volumes increased by 12.5% on year-on-year basis. 
With this all, I conclude the updates on the financials results. I wish you all happy upcoming 
festival season and wish you in advance of Diwali, Christmas, and coming New Year. With this, 
I pass on to the moderator to take up your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the Q&A session The first question is from the line 
of Raghuram N from Eurindia Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Raghuram N S: 
Yes. Hi, Naozer and Gaurav. This is Raghuram here. Just had a three, four questions. First one, 
obviously, on the Chapter 11 that has happened this quarter. So is that -- if you can just give us 
some color on that? Is that something that was cooking and we had some risk mitigation that we 
had done before. So that this was -- at least the financial impact was minimal. 
And if you can also just tell us whether there are any further risks on that count in the coming 
quarters? Or is this is something, which has already been completely provided for? That was the 
first question. 
Second on, there are some observations on the trade receivables and the CXM segment assets 
going up significantly. For example, segment assets and CXM for this quarter seemed to be at 
about INR60 crores versus INR50 crores for the previous quarter. And segment liabilities also 
has significantly increased nearly 20%, 25% kind of increase. 
Employees in the international business has jumped nearly 15% of 1,553 versus 1,361. And 
DSO, you have mentioned 81 days. Typically your DSO's would be in the 50, 52 kind of days. 
Is there something that, suddenly has changed? What exactly is the reason for that? 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
And the last question, last quarter or during the Quess call also, they have -- your Mr. Guruprasad 
and Pinaki Kar had mentioned that there was going to be a doubling of the seats in Manila. And 
now in your presentation, the latest one you say 1,500-plus seats. So is there's something that's 
further got added to because what I could understand was about 1,200 seats. Now this is a further 
increase of around 300 seats. So if you can just please update on that? So three questions, sir. 
Naozer Dalal: 
Sure. Thanks Raghu. Yes, so the Chapter 11 proceedings, it links to one of the midsized fintech 
companies we are working with. And thanks for bringing this out, I would have stated in my 
concluding statement anyway. To recollect my concluding statements in the last call in May was 
that, we continue to be a little mindful of the headwinds, particularly in the US economy and the 
potential impact on BFSI because that's where the largest vertical contribution for Allsec is. 
And, we did see that risk crystalizing. To that question of whether there is anything proactive? 
Yes, the moment we sort of came to know about this, we started downsizing the number of 
people deployed for this immediately. And we have been very diligent in both billing and 
collections. And the client collection record also has been extremely precise. But still 
conservatively, we have made 100% provision on this account. And so therefore, there should 
be no residuary  impact of this account in the coming or future quarters. 
The Chapter 11 proceedings will continue. Administrator has been appointed and we are giving 
our inputs to the administrator. And we will come in line after the secured client creditors and 
the other secured creditors. On the financial-related questions, I'll hand it over to Gaurav to take 
them. 
Gaurav Mehra: 
Thanks, Naozer. Raghuram, on your two questions that whether we have factored the 
delinquencies full risk or whether there is anything to come. So that has already been factored 
completely into this quarter. Moving to the next question, you said that there is some increase 
into our receivable part, which is a part of our better international business growth, which is 
happening. 
A large part of our new trade receivables is in the no-due category or within a very closed 
category of our due period -- credit period. Our DSO remains same for the quarter-over-quarter 
and is very close in that year-over-year. So there is - that is in line to the track. I hope this 
addresses your queries. 
Naozer Dalal: 
I think, it's also 81 days Raghu which are our both billed plus unbilled. So maybe you're 
comparing only one component when you say that earlier you also see that number as 54. The 
billed plus and unbill continues to remain at 81 and it's been pretty flat over the last both Q2 FY 
'23 and also Q4 FY '23. 
Raghuram N S: 
So billed remains at about 51 basis? 
Naozer Dalal: 
Yes, in that same ball park, yes. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. Just the last question on the employees' growth and the seats in Manila Please 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Naozer Dalal: 
So I'm not sure where you're seeing that 1,500 seats, but that -- it is pretty much is consistent 
with what Mr. Guruprasad and Mr. Kar have told you. So the operational seats have -- are just 
under 1,200 and it has gone up from 600. If you've seen another number, I'm not sure where that 
is coming from. 
But again -- that includes the non-operational seats also, the support seats, that's part of our 
Investor deck. There is no further growth from what we had already announced both in our 
projected growth in our earlier call and the Quess call which you mentioned. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. So the employee business, employees in the international business is in line with what 
you had mentioned. That's what you mentioned? 
Naozer Dalal: 
Yes. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Naozer Dalal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical 
PMS. Please go ahead, sir. 
Gunit Singh: 
Hi, sir. So what is the outlook for H2 FY '24 in terms of top line and bottom line? I mean, will 
we will able to improve significantly overall performance in this quarter. What do we expect? 
And also, what kind of growth are we looking at in FY '25 and what are the main growth drivers 
in the future? 
Naozer Dalal: 
Gunit, as you'd appreciate, we do not release precise financial numbers in terms of future 
guidance. But what I can state and assure is that, we will continue on the path which we set for  
ourselves in March/April this year, which is primarily incremental sales, with sales focus on the 
International business, continue to look at operational efficiencies very closely, continue to look 
at operational service excellence very closely because that helps us retain and mine existing 
customers. 
And the last bit is of course, as we have completed our platform upgrades in September and are 
ready to sort of go-to-market particularly on the HRMS side, and that should hold us in good 
state for the remainder of this financial year and into FY '25 also. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Naozer Dalal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from Raghuram N S from Eurindia Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghuram N S: 
Yes. Sorry to be back again. I just had one more question, which I left  out. Obviously, Naozer, 
you mentioned that both SP4 and the HRMS platform has now been capitalized and it's no longer 
under the WIP kind of thing. So if you can give us some guidance on the -- how the depreciation 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
numbers will look forward in the next couple of quarters? And what will be the kind of increase 
that we will have to provide for in our workings? 
Naozer Dalal: 
Raghu, we are still going through technical evaluation in terms of both the useful life of the asset 
and keeping market benchmarks and feedback in mind for similar kind of assets. As I mentioned, 
we only capitalized it on 30th  September. So we have not completed that process. And of course, 
consultations and consensus with the statutory auditors would be a key part of that process. So 
unfortunately, not able to give you a precise number at this point. And we'll have to wait it out 
until we announce the Q3 results in January unfortunately. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. So that's something that at some point of time, we will get to know later? 
Naozer Dalal: 
Yes. As I said, you will get to know when we announce the Q3 results in the month of January 
'24. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. And just one more question on the sales. The EXM sales have been clearly significantly 
higher than what it used to be in the previous year. So is this something that is indicative of the 
kind of momentum being kept up last year, we ended with about nearly 17% to 18% growth. So 
taking into account the ACVs, which are literally about 100% kind of up Y-o-Y. So is this one 
indicative of the kind of growth that we will end up for the financial year? 
Naozer Dalal: 
Yes. So last year, the full year ACV was about INR25 crores in terms of what we did for EXM 
sales. And we definitely sort of look to exceed that number this year. What I can confirm is that, 
yes, we have definitely increased the sales figure. We have increased the channels who we work 
with, the channel partners who we work with particularly on the international side. 
What we have also done is looked at augmenting our sales capacity. So we are actually getting 
into a planning phase for FY '25, where you will see where we need to augment our sales 
capacity, both locally and internationally. So yes, I can definitely confirm that the rigor will 
continue. And with that, the growth which we have seen, which should continue, and you will 
definitely see in the full year better than where we were in FY '23. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. Just a related question to that. Obviously, International sales is something that, that you 
guys have mentioned crossed 50% of total new sales. So is this something that's a clear trend, 
which will continue into the near future? Or is this something that's a one-off kind of thing? 
Naozer Dalal: 
No. As I mentioned in my response to my earlier question also was that, focus on International 
sales are equally in EXM while on CXM, of course, we focus only on International as part of a 
strategic call. But focus on International sales in the EXM also has been identified as one of the 
strategic initiatives earlier this year. 
And we'll definitely continue in FY '25 also where we want to continue to look at working with 
our existing customers into sort of the newer geographies where they operate as a first step. Then 
looking at existing customers and start building capabilities over the newer geographies. And 
then, of course, newer customers and newer geographies, so that continuum has been planned. 
And we'll continue to focus on international sales for EXM also. 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. Any update on the acquisition side, Naozer? Obviously, you guys have given out an 
interim dividend and I still can see that the cash and liquid funds are about INR151 crores as 
given in your PPT. So we are still even after the INR47.5 crores nearly INR47.5 crores payout, 
which will happen over the next, whatever 40 days or 50 days. 
We'll still be left with more than INR100 crores. So is that something that you believe is going 
to be a working factor for you going into the -- this couple of quarters? Or is that something that 
you believe is not so much on the... 
Naozer Dalal: 
We will continue to evaluate niche vertical acquisitions or certain geographic presence in the 
US. Those are some of the strategic drivers, which we will continue to look at it. We continue 
to look at opportunities, both in CXM and EXM, but there is nothing concrete on the table at the 
moment there. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. So this INR100 crores will continue to -- you believe that, that's a good number to have, 
that's something that I wanted to just check. It's a pretty significant number from a perspective 
of our overall balance sheet size. It does impact the return percentages also significantly on the 
downside because we have such a large cash balance. So is this something that you believe is 
something that you will be able to carry it forward, going forward? 
Naozer Dalal: 
We continue to evaluate, the most optimum use of the cash whether it's maximizing the internal 
returns from cash, whether investing in newer capabilities organically or as I mentioned 
inorganic also is an option on the table. So the dividend, which has been declared yesterday, 
continues to balance all of these factors, besides working on a sustainable dividend policy, which 
I have also mentioned. 
So we continue to evaluate this every quarter, balancing out, inorganic versus possibly organic 
and maximizing the returns within the current available investment policies, which we have. 
Gaurav Mehra: 
Just to add one point to Mr. Naozer's claim, out of this INR100 crores, INR45 crores, INR46 
crores is invested in terms of a mutual fund, which is kind of giving some reasonable return on 
the investment. 
Raghuram N S: 
Okay. And how much of this would be sitting in Manila? 
Gaurav Mehra: 
Not handy with me Raghuram, we can get back to you on this particular point. 
Raghuram N S: 
I asked that because obviously, when you bring that back, there will be tax -- withholding tax 
impact. So that is something that will be a bit of a onetime phenomenon that happens. So I was 
just wondering what should be provided for from our calculation perspective, that's all. 
Naozer Dalal: 
All right. Thanks Raghu, noted. 
Raghuram N S: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. All the best, guys. 
Naozer Dalal: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Allsec Technologies Limited
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Naozer Dalal: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. I would like to thank all of you for the time that you have given 
us today and for supporting us over the years by being invested in our journey. We are at a good 
trajectory in our journey and are well poised to capitalize on both the market opportunity and 
also some of the investments we have made in people, process and technology over the past few 
years. 
We continue to monitor our risk closely and also before closing, I would like to wish each of 
you and your dear ones best wishes for the festive season, which will soon be upon us, starting 
with Diwali and leading up to Christmas and New Year. 
With this, we would like to close the call and look forward to interacting with all of you 
sometime again in the near future. Thank you so much. 
Gaurav Mehra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
