Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email:info.apollo@apollotyres.com 
ATL/ SEC/21 
November 16, 2023 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
Dear Sirs,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and 
investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q2 FY 24 was 
held on November 8, 2023. 
 Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on 
the website of the Company https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Tyres Ltd. 
(Seema Thapar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed 
by SEEMA 
THAPAR 
Date: 2023.11.16 
13:07:35 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
Apollo Tyres Ltd Q2 FY24 Earnings Call 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Hello, everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you all on the 
Second Quarter FY24 Conference Call of Apollo Tyres. From the management 
side, we have Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Mr Neeraj Kanwar; 
CFO, Mr Gaurav Kumar, and members of IR team. 
 
Without further ado, I hand over this call to Mr Kanwar for opening remarks, 
post which we'll open up for Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you, Ashutosh. Good evening, and thank you all for joining us today. I 
welcome you all to this post results quarter call. Looking at the second quarter 
performance, the team has delivered yet another strong quarter with consol 
operating margin at 18.5%, 160% increase in consol earnings y-on-y. We have 
time and again consistently displayed our strong focus on profitability, cost 
optimisation, free cash flow generation, and improvement in return ratios. 
And this quarter was no different. 
 
Let me also reiterate that we also remain focused on leveraging long term 
opportunities to achieve segment leading growth across our key markets. 
And I believe that our continued work on business fundamentals and key 
pillars, places us in a very favorable position to deliver superior, sustainable, 
and profitable growth over medium to long term. Finally, let me take this 
opportunity to thank all our stakeholders once again for their continued 
support. 
 
Coming to our performance, despite headwinds in some of our key markets 
like Europe, we reported mid-single-digit y-on-y growth in consol revenues, 
along with an impressive 650 basis points improvement in consol EBITDA 
margin. The performance was driven by improved sales mix, benign raw 
material costs, and tight control over costs. We are witnessing signs of 
demand pickup across some of our key markets, and I am confident that we 
will see significant improvement in the momentum in the medium to long run. 
In terms of outlook, we expect a recovery in demand environment. In 
domestic markets, we are seeing good growth segments like commercial 
vehicles. 
 
Coming to Europe, we expect the demand to recover from current levels. 
Finally, we are cognisant of slightly increasing RM prices, and will target to 
negate the same through improvement in product mix, optimisation of our 
costs, and in case required, well-timed pricing actions. 
 
Let me now talk about key pillars of our F26 vision, and highlight some of the 
work done by the teams in the past quarter. Starting with R&D, we continue 
our focus on new product development and launches. On the tyre 
technology side, the team has developed ultra-low rolling resistance tyre 
technology for Indian market. This would help further strengthen our product 
range as customers shift towards fuel efficiency and low rolling resistance 
tyres. The team has also undertaken various process improvements, helping 
us further improve our process efficiencies. For example, the introduction of 
conductive curing bladder has helped us reduce cure time, thereby 
increasing productivity. 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moving to Digitalisation, we continue to work on new-age technologies as we 
prepare for the future. On the customer side, we have launched programmes 
to transform the customer experience. On the other side, we continue to drive 
our Industry 4.0 initiatives. A vast majority of our production machines across 
our plants are streaming data into our data lake on a real-time basis, giving 
us significant data and insights on areas of improvement. Helped by these 
data insights, we have initiated capacity enhancement programmes, which 
would help us further improve asset utilisation and our return ratios on existing 
capital blocks. 
 
Coming to Sustainability, the team continues to scale new heights as we go 
ahead. Our Chennai plant received the coveted SEEM National Energy 
Management Award for its initiatives to foster energy efficiency. Recently, we 
also won the Silver Award under the category of CSR Water Body Revival 
Project. Finally, Apollo Tyres Foundation won a Gold Award for its CSR project 
on a Healthcare Programme for the trucking community under the category 
of health care. 
 
Talking about Brands, we continue to invest in brands across our key 
geographies. We continue to focus on brand building and range 
enhancement as we enrich our sales mix. Starting with India, I am extremely 
happy to share that Apollo Tyre's brand awareness and preference was at an 
all-time high in September of ‘23. Furthermore, we are one of the most talked 
about tyre brands in the category on social media with best-in-class 
sentiment. Finally, as for latest data set, we are one of the highest-searched 
brands on Google. 
 
Coming to Europe, we achieved second place in the automotive and 
suppliers category of MT500 Survey, a Dutch organisation assessing corporate 
reputation. For the second year in a row, the Vredestein brand was 
showcased in France early October as naming partner of the 45th edition of 
the late 20-kilometer de Paris’ mass-participation run. On the product side, 
the Vredestein Quatrac achieved a remarkable feat last September, 
consistently ranking in the top five of Auto Bild’s annual all-season tyre tests 
over the past five years. In 2023, it secured second place in wet handling, 
impressive wet braking performance, and excelled in snow conditions. 
 
Our last pillar is our People. We continue to build on what we have already 
achieved. We are committed to our D&I targets and continue to build on 
programmes like Apollo Women in Tech. We're also facilitating workshops and 
interventions driving inclusive culture and mitigating unconscious bias. We 
recently introduced the Apollo Digital Acumen as we facilitate employee 
learning and upscaling. IT leaders delivered more than 15 hours of learning 
sessions 
on 
advanced 
manufacturing, 
on 
cloud 
technologies, 
on 
cybersecurity, et cetera. Finally, we recently won the coveted Brandon Hall 
Global Excellence Awards, one of the most prestigious awards in human 
capital management.  
 
As always, we are keeping a close watch on the markets and on our costs. 
We'll continue to be judicious about CapEx and we'll continue to focus on 
sustainable and profitable growth. 
 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
With this, I'll conclude my opening comments and hand over to our CFO, 
Gaurav. Thank you. Gaurav, over to you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Neeraj. And good afternoon, good evening, ladies and 
gentlemen. Continuing from where Neeraj left, let me share further details of 
the operations for the last quarter. The consolidated revenue for the quarter 
stood at INR 62.8 billion, a growth of 5% over the same quarter last year. The 
consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 11.6 billion, a margin of 18.5% 
compared to 12% for the same period last year, and 16.8% in the last quarter. 
 
In terms of our continued focus on profitability, our net profit was more than 
2.5x and EBITDA more than 1.5x of the same quarter last year. There was a 
significant margin improvement even on a sequential basis. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet. We have been able to further improve our 
leverage ratios given the focus on cash flow and profitability. The net debt to 
EBITDA for the consolidated operations was at 1x versus a 1.4x in March 2023. 
On the return on capital ROCE, if we annualise the first half, our ROCEs were 
in excess of 16%. In the Indian Operations, we continue to see demand 
momentum with healthy growth in the replacement and OEM segment. 
We've had a double-digit top-line growth in our domestic sales, which got 
muted to some extent by the challenging export markets. Even there, the 
exports are showing signs of pickup vis-a-vis the previous quarter. 
 
Operational efficiency and strict cost control led us to report a healthy 
improvement in EBITDA margins, about 130 bps on a sequential basis and a 
880 bps on a Y-on-Y basis and a healthy free cash flow. In terms of outlook, as 
Neeraj mentioned, we are seeing good signs of volume growth, particularly 
in the CV segment, and going ahead, we are confident of delivering a good 
revenue growth. We are cognisant that the raw material trend has reversed 
its downward trend. We would probably face a slightly upward trend, but in 
terms of delivering a strong operating performance, we are confident on 
account of better sales mix, price positioning, and cost efficiencies. 
 
For the India Operations, the revenue for the quarter was INR 43.4 billion, a 
growth of 5% over the same quarter last year. The EBITDA for the quarter at 
INR 8.4 billion, was a margin in excess of 19% compared to 10.3% in the same 
period last year and 17.8% in the last quarter. The net debt to EBITDA for the 
India Operations was at 1.1x compared to 1.7x at the end of March 2023. 
 
Coming to Europe, the markets remained subdued with the industry volumes 
in passenger car and truck declining by 7% and 9%. We continue to do better 
than the industry. We registered an 18% growth on a sequential basis on the 
top line and an improvement in sequential margins as well. We've gained 
market shares in the passenger car and Agri segments. 
 
For the European Operations, the revenue for the quarter was EUR 169 million, 
up 18% sequentially, though lower compared to same quarter last year. The 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at EUR 24 million with an EBITDA margin of 14.1% 
compared to 15.3% for the same period last year and a 13.4% on a sequential 
basis. We continue to focus on the product mix with the UHP proportion being 
around 40%. The market is beginning to look better as we move into the third 
quarter. There is no change in our CapEx guidance for FY24 and we will 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
continue to focus on profitability, free cash flow generation and improvement 
in return ratios as we go ahead. 
 
With this, I would conclude my opening comments. Thank you. We would be 
happy to take your questions. 
 
Question and Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from Mr Jinesh Gandhi. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi, can you talk about what was the volume growth in this quarter for India 
Operations given that we had seen a reasonably good revenue growth? So, 
breakdown between volume growth and price increases? 
 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just one minute, Jinesh. The volume growth was 5%. So, the entire top line 
growth, Jinesh, came from volume growth. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. Okay. And this would be largely replacement driven or how it would 
be? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The volume growth? 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yeah. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Overall, both replacement and OEM volumes were in excess of double digits 
and then got pulled down because of exports. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Oh, okay. That's good to know. Secondly, with respect to the pricing 
environment in the market, if you can talk about that, given that we had seen 
some bit of increase in competitive intensity in previous quarters, in that 
context, how things are now? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The pricing environment has remained fairly stable. There was some pricing 
action taken on the truck bias category by competition and we also had to 
reduce prices marginally. There has been no pricing action on other product 
categories. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, okay. And lastly, India tax rate for first half seems to be close to about 
35%. So, why the tax rate is so high and how do we see it going forward? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There are, given the current profitability, we would be pretty much in the 
similar range. There are no abnormals in this. I would still check with the tax 
team and we can get back to you. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Siddhartha Bera. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. 
Sir, on the volume side for the India business, how will be on the replacement 
side, the growth be across truck and bus and passenger vehicle, if you can 
just break it out? 
 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Going forward, we are very bullish. We see the CV cycle, as I mentioned in 
my opening remarks, coming back. We see it already - signs in the OE showing 
very positive movement in CV. In passenger car also, the OE side is showing a 
double-digit growth. So, we believe that replacement going forward in 
Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 is going to be much better than Quarter 1 and 
Quarter 2. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
And how was the Quarter 2 in terms of the replacement growth in truck and 
bus and PV? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, so PV for us was flattish. The growth in truck was close to 20%. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. So, is it fair to assume that because of the pricing actions, we 
have seen some recovery in the volumes because it's been quite weak. So, 
any color on why this recovery we have seen and do you expect this recovery 
to sustain in the second half? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
We have not done any price corrections in Quarter 2. It's purely the brand pull 
that's coming in and the cycle of CV coming back. As you know, we are 
leaders in the CV segment. We are also now the clear leaders in passenger 
car tyres. We've also introduced the Vredestein brand in the premium 
segment. So, all of these moves that we have made in the market are now 
giving us good positive growth. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it. And sir, second question is on the commodity side. So, you indicated 
that we have seen some increase. So, any color on how much the increase 
has been on a per ton basis in the current quarter, Quarter 3? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Siddharth, the expectation for Quarter 3 is about a 2% - 3% increase in the raw 
material basket. 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, last year on the working capital sir, we have seen that 
this first half has been seen some drag on the working capital side. It has gone 
up quite a bit. So, do you expect there will be some normalisation over the 
year or do you believe some of these levels -- basically, I think payables have 
seen a sharp decline which has led to the increase in working capital. So, how 
to think about this for the whole year? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, the payables part is a very conscious decision, Siddharth. In some 
cases, the payments as per normal cycle or paying early was beneficial from 
a pure financial cost perspective and hence we chose to pay early. We can 
very easily go back to normal payables. There is no abnormality in the working 
capital increase. In fact, the inventory levels are down. There is an increase in 
receivables on account of sharp increase in the OE business which is as per 
the normal receivable days and as I mentioned the decrease in the payables 
which you also highlighted. Both of those are conscious decisions by the 
company. It is not caused by any pile up of inventory or piling up of 
receivables which is not usual. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr Raghunandan. 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Congratulations, sir, on strong numbers and festival greetings. Sir, firstly, on the 
Europe market, given that sluggish market is expected in the near term, how 

 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
do you expect the recovery to pan out? And also how much would be the 
channel inventory as of now? And how it compares with the normal levels? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
I think we have seen Europe has bottomed out and we believe that now we 
will see a positive curve as far as growth is concerned. Also, as you know, 
Apollo is investing a lot in technology and our products are coming out at 
high levels. Our products have also been consistently attaining podium 
positions. So, we believe that the Vredestein brand in car tyres, will see a 
growth. Apollo in passenger car has gone down because of some product, 
not challenges, I would say, but we do not have some of the sizes, which we 
are now building those sizes in our factories in India. So, we will also see a surge 
in Apollo brand of passenger car tyres. 
 
As far as Apollo TBR is concerned, we've already started seeing that there is a 
very good pull for our brand coming up. So, we believe that even in the CV 
cycle in Europe, we will have good growth. On the channel inventory, 
Gaurav, any thoughts? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Raghu, the inventory on the passenger car tyres, which is the main segment 
is fairly normal. There is no pile up on that. There is some bit of higher inventory 
on the Agri side, given how the market has been. 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Got it, sir. On the commodity increase, you indicated a marginal increase of 
2% to 3% next quarter. In your opening remarks, you alluded to cost saving 
efforts. Any quantification as to what are the focus areas and benefit? And 
also, if you can add some color on the efforts you are making on the product 
mix improvement? 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, on the cost saving side, Raghu, it's an area of constant work going on. 
There are savings depending on how the operations are faring, whether on 
the top line side or pressure from raw material, or savings on the SG&A side. 
The manufacturing efficiencies focus on that continues, but here it's more on 
the SG&A, whether it's directly sales related or lower spends across 
advertising, freight, travel, etcetera. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
And just to add to that, our whole focus is on enriching our product mix. As I 
mentioned to all of you, that our whole, the new Apollo 2.0 is going only after 
profitable growth. So, you have seen past eight quarters, Apollo margins have 
been the best in the industry and they will continue to be the best because 
our hardcore focus is on our balance sheet ratios, on profitable growth and 
on margin. So that is a very, very clear mandate given by me to all the regions 
that we are not going only after market share, but we have to go for 
profitable growth. So, you'll continue to see better results as far as the 
company is concerned. 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: So, on the product mix enrichment, mix enrichment, what ratios you 
constantly track in terms of, you know, would it be the diameter of tyres, how 
it is shifting to larger tyres or within your brands?  
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
So, I want to tell you two things here. And Gaurav you can take out that pie 
chart of how much 12 inch-13 inch has gone down from where it was in the 
meantime, let me know that number. So yes, we do analysis of the diameter 
as you know 12 inch and 13 inch are really not profitable products in India. 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
So, we are continuing to go down on 12-inch -13 inch and go up on 14-inch -
15 inch and upwards. So, it's all about upsizing and about going after the 
higher sizes which is 17 inch and up in India. That market is also growing as you 
know SUV market is now the fastest growing market in India and so, Apollo is 
standing as a leader in the SUV market. 
 
Also, I want to tell on another thing that as far as Indian brands are concerned 
in India, Apollo is the price leader. Apollo is the price leader in passenger car 
with the highest volume selling in the replacement market. So, we are 
continuously monitoring on how to see how we can enrich our product mix. 
Then we have also brought in the Vredestein brand which is targeting the 
multinational brands that are in India which is Bridgestone, Michelin, Conti, 
Pirelli. And so, we have positioned Vredestein at the higher end of the market 
to compete with the international brands. And so, a combination of both of 
these, gives a better margin coming into the company. 
 
As far as Europe is concerned, from the very beginning, today our UUHP which 
is the ultra-high-performance tyres, that basket would be around 44% or 45% 
of the entire basket. So, that also has come from a 35% level to a 45%. So, that 
also gives us better margin improvements. 
 
Gaurav, you have that data on 12-inch -13 inch, how it's gone down? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I don't have the exact figures but Raghu, to give you over a 15-year period, 
15 years back, the largest selling size was a 12-inch tyre which would have 
been about 30% plus, just volume of tyres. 10 years, 7 years back, that moved 
to 13-inch and currently the largest selling SKU and this is India Operation 
would be 14-inch, upwards of 30% of the overall mix. 
 
Similarly, within India, while 16-inch and above is a very small market, that 
would have moved only from negligible to currently in the range of about 5%. 
So, that's how the mix change in India has happened. In Europe, in fact, if we 
go back a decade or six years back, the UHP proportion used to be in 20s, 
early 20s and that's now in excess of 40s. So, that's also been a journey made 
over the last 6-7 years. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
And Gaurav, one more thing I want to add here on two-wheeler journey 
which is very important. So, as you have seen, we have invested in the higher 
end of two-wheeler in bias and radial. We were the only company pioneering 
to make motorcycle radials in India. Now the others are trying to come in. 
These are again, profitable sizes. So, we are not going into volume and mass 
in two-wheeler because that's not profitable. We are going to high tech. So, 
if you see the entire radial basket of Apollo, starting from OHT all the way 
down to two-wheeler in the radial category, these are all high-end 
technology products where they're making better margins for us. 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: Thank you so much, sir, for the comprehensive answer. Lastly, Gaurav, would 
you be able to share the commodity cost data and reifen numbers? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, natural rubber was in the region of INR 160 per kg. Synthetic rubber 
about 145. Carbon black, 114. On the Reifen numbers, just a minute. Reifen in 
the current quarter was at EUR 38 million. 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: And EBITDA margin there? 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
EBITDA was just about break-even. This is not seasonally their best quarter. 
 
Raghunandhan N. L.: And for RMV basket, how much was the fall Q-o-Q and Q2? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sequential basis, it was a 2% fall. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr Vimal. 
 
Vimal: 
Congratulations on a very strong quarter. So, my question is on performance 
and outlook of the replacement market going forward on the domestic part. 
So how do you expect that to pan out, especially on the MNC front? And the 
second question is, assuming that there is a 5% increase in raw material basket 
and the current mix continues to remain same domestically, what's the kind 
of pricing increase you'll have to take in order to maintain the current levels 
of EBITDA per ton? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, so replacement, as we've mentioned, Vimal, that the momentum is 
very strong. The current outlook is that we should continue with a double-digit 
volume growth. CV has been very strong. We are seeing good signs in PV. So, 
from a domestic side, the current outlook on a year-on-year basis would be 
a double-digit growth. 
 
On your second question, if RM was to go up by 5%, we would need to take 
about a 3% price increase. If everything else was to remain just the same. 
 
Vimal: 
 Understood. And this is irrespective of what competition does, you will take a 
price increase? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We will always have to see it within context of the industry. We've always been 
leaders in taking price increases. Currently, the RM increase is much lower. 
And we'll see how things are. As mentioned, we will first focus on cost 
reduction efforts and then take a call on the pricing front. 
 
Vimal: 
And you're confident to maintain EBITDA per ton levels in India? The current 
EBITDA per ton levels? Because these are levels which we have not seen in a 
very, very long period of time. So, on EBITDA per ton basis, what's the outlook? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We don't give out guidance on the profitability front. We are focused on 
profitability, free cash flow, return on capital that will continue. But specific 
guidance on profitability, Vimal, we will not be able to give. 
 
Vimal: 
No issues. All the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Nirav. 
 
Nirav: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. So, I just wanted to know that at what crude prices are we 
comfortable maintaining and improving our current EBITDA level? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the current levels of crude, which reflect or maybe a one quarter back, 
which reflect in the current prices are comfortable as seen in the margins, 
Nirav. 
 
Nirav: 
So, sir, we can say around USD 80 per barrel? 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Just keep in mind, though, that crude while playing into the raw material 
prices of a large basket, our raw materials are still fourth, fifth level derivatives. 
So, yes, crude prices impact them, but they have their own demand supply 
cycle also. 
 
Nirav: 
So, sir, I can assume that we are comfortable between USD 80 to USD 85 per 
barrel price. Or is it much? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Broadly, yes. 
 
Nirav: 
Okay. And so, also the current capacity utilisation for the Indian market stood 
at 73%, which is relatively less. So, what is exactly the reason behind it? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The reason is simply the where our current capacity is and the demand levels. 
As Neeraj mentioned, there have been efforts on capacity de-bottlenecking 
through the whole AI, ML and Digitisation. So, there have been certain 
capacity enhancements which will come in handy as and when the demand 
grows. And currently, this capacity is fairly good for serving us for the next 
couple of years. 
 
Nirav: 
Sir, could you give me the capacity utilisation product wise for PCR and TBR? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Broadly for truck it's about 75%, for passenger car it's about 80%. This is India. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr Amyn. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Hi. Yeah. My first question was on the ROCE, you know, Gaurav, you 
mentioned that 1H you have already hit 16% and your medium-term target is 
12% to 15%. So how should we think about it? Should we think that maybe the 
target itself can be upgraded or should we think about that there are factors 
which could take this back down to that 12% to 15% range, which, you know, 
which could come in the future? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Amyn, when the target was set at the beginning of this five-year cycle, we 
were at mid-single digits and we have seen how with focus on certain key of 
these parameters, how much of improvement we have brought about. And 
yes, the current market conditions are favorable, but we would definitely be 
looking to revive the target upwards and continue to maintain it at these 
levels. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Great. That's good to know. Secondly, you also talked about the fact that in 
response to a question that, you know, there was some price action taken on 
truck buyers by competition and you also responded. So, what I'm just trying 
to understand is that if say the action was in say truck radial or PCR, would 
your response have been different because, you know, otherwise the 
problem with this category has always been that, you know, if one player 
does something, others end up, you know, responding to it. So, I'm just trying 
to understand that, are you okay doing it in truck buyers, but in truck radial 
you feel you have a stronger position or, or how should we think about this? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, Amyn, as you rightly said, it will depend from segment to segment. 
Truck buyers was facing in fact, much lower demand, lower capacity 
utilisation. So, we took some pricing action on it and each of these capacities 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
or product category pricing decisions would be taken independently. We 
cannot generalise that we will follow the same way that we did on truck bias, 
but we still have to function within the overall industry dynamics. So, it will 
always have to be a call taken, taking into account various factors. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
And just lastly, you know, I think this is the, I think in 1H also you maintain 
significant, you know, control on CapEx. And it appears that your utilisation 
except for PCR is still below 80%. So, how should we think about this? Do you 
envisage having to do a major capacity expansion over the next six months? 
Or do you think that for now, you're still comfortable and that is something 
that you'll have to think about maybe one year down the line? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Gaurav, can I answer that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay. So, we are not looking at any growth CapEx, as I've been mentioning 
quarter on quarter. We are looking at a very CapEx light model to enhance 
our capacities in all our factories. And even in my opening remarks, I said, 
through data, through digitalisation, we are getting a lot of data in our cloud 
lake., We have two now digital innovation centers, one in the UK, one in 
Hyderabad. And here there are data scientists sitting and they are analysing 
data, working along with the plants to see how we can increase our 
production from the current equipments with a very, very small amounts of 
investment in CapEx i.e., could be conveyor belts, could be some 
automation, but not, nothing major. So, we are looking for, the next one to 
two years, all the growth will come through such innovation in the company 
rather than to go and buy new equipment. I hope I've answered you. 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Absolutely. And that's great to know. Thank you and Diwali greetings in 
advance to the team. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you. Happy Diwali to you too. And one more thing is that what will this 
drive is our ROCEs will become better. Okay? We already had higher than 
15% if I'm not mistaken in Quarter 2, we are aiming at going to much higher 
levels. So, this productivity enhancement will spread the asset much more at 
much, much lower CapEx, and we'll be able to achieve much better balance 
sheet ratios going forward. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr Sanjeev. 
 
Sanjeev: 
A couple of years back, you'd put out the message and I remember having 
a discussion on the nature of your R&D expenses, the fact that you were 
spending higher than industry, and there was a link between that R&D 
expenditure and the price premium. In fact, at that time, in the OE segment, 
you were getting your net-net at a discount to average prices to competition, 
and then you moved from a discount to a premium. So, your, you know, 
specific spend on R&D had a measurable, which was that you moved from a 
discount to a premium in the OE segment. So that was the quality sensitive 
segment, and it was demonstrated that your R&D was productive. So that's, 
you know, where are we on that? That's one. So, there are there are two detail 
oriented and then one big picture question. 
 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Second was that the offtake with your MBOs was your receivables were lower, 
demonstrably lower. I remember 18 days as compared to almost 30 to 40 days 
of competition. So, in the MBOs, it was demonstrated that the same thing was 
happening in the replacement market. And for me, the demonstrable 
number was that your receivables were lower as compared to industry. So, 
where are we on that? So, these are the two numbers related question, which 
is in in line with, you know, you've already answered these questions partly 
about the movement, you know, up the value chain. 
 
My big picture question is that having gone to the premium end, whether it's 
through Vredestein or, you know, becoming a global player as compared to 
competition, you know, which is mostly local oriented, and also being more 
focused on price performance, etcetera. You know, you kind of moved up 
the value chain. But once you look for dominance in the volume segment, 
and given that India remains a BOTP market, will you come back into the 
commodity segment just to dominate? You know, you have the money, you 
have the CapEx capability, you can start going in for volume shares rather 
than price or profit pool shares. So, could we get a sense of now what you're 
thinking going forward? So, this is the big picture, you know, question which is 
linked to what you will probably do on the M&A side, having, you know, 
finished your work on the value chain side. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Okay. Sanjeev, there are two, three questions you asked. So, I'll try and answer 
two of them and the time receivables, Gaurav will take on. So, on our strategy 
perspective, I want to mention, as I've mentioned all the time that there are 
key five pillars for us going forward, which is going to drive EBITDA margins and 
our balance sheet ratios. I'm not so concerned about top line. Okay? And 
that's my mantra of profitable growth going forward, whether it was eight 
quarters ago, or whether it is eight quarters ahead. So, we are not going in for 
value volume products. 
 
We are very clear we are going only after those markets, channels of 
distribution, which are going to be profitable to the company, whether it is in 
India, Europe, etcetera. We will keep on investing in R&D. Please understand 
because as you have said, R&D has given us a position in the premium 
segment. Otherwise, we were never in the premium segment. So today, 
amongst the Indian domestic players, today Apollo in both the truck-bus 
radial and in light truck radial and in-passenger car radial is clearly the 
premium price leader. And why is that? Because of the products and our 
performance and R&D. Okay? And therefore, we have been able to even 
garner more market share and we've become leaders in these top three 
segments of the market. We will continue to invest in R&D. We will remain 
under 2.5%, 3% to sale is our R&D expenditure. 
 
My second basket, which I spoke about is the Brand. Because we've started 
investing in the brand, there is a brand pull coming in from the customer. So 
again, we will continue to build our two brands, Apollo and Vredestein in all 
our markets. So, my theory is very clear that we want to go into any new 
country, then we have to go and build the brand and build the product and 
take small steps. Only then can you garner good market share. So today the 
company is very, very clear and focused on looking at healthier margins and 
had profitable growth. Even going forward, that philosophy is not going to 
change. That philosophy will remain. We will continue to look at ROCEs, we 

 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
will continue to look at free cash flows, and we will continue to better our 
margins as we move forward. 
 
Gaurav, you want to come in? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes. So, Sanjeev, on the receivable front, we've always focused on that. Our 
working capital management has highlighted against competition. In fact, 
we've got now the operations focusing very sharply on inventory, where I 
would say we were at industry medians. And we are pushing the operations 
as to how we can improve and look to be the benchmark on that also. 
 
Sanjeev: 
So, you know, just to confirm my understanding, therefore, we can look 
forward to a kind of a hub-and-spoke structure where you have production 
centers in India and maybe Hungary or Europe, and the rest of it will turn into 
a logistics and distribution company where you will seek, you know, it's going 
to turn into a distribution-oriented company if you're going to focus on 
margins rather than size? 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
I didn't understand your -- where's the confusion? 
 
Sanjeev: 
What I mean is your incremental investments will now be less towards, you 
know, manufacturing CapEx and more in on the working capital space. That 
is how you will push up your ROCE, I presume? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In the near term, as Neeraj mentioned, currently there is no growth CapEx. At 
some point of time, as the market grows, etcetera., even to just keep pace, 
there would be requirements, even the current model is the existing set of 
plants serving both the domestic geographies and the other international 
geographies across the world, and that will continue, for them to be just sales 
and marketing or distribution models. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
See, we are talking about the next two years, how the markets behave, how 
our brands behave. We will continue to analyse the markets and right now for 
the next two years, we are going on a very CapEx light model, which is looking 
at only digital transformation of the factories. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Joseph George. 
 
Joseph George: 
Hi. A great set of numbers. Just one question. I'm trying to understand what is 
the trigger point for you to take a price increase? So, you know, earlier you 
mentioned that next quarter you expect the RM basket to be up 2% to 3%, 
which might be a small pressure on margins maybe, but you said it's not 
enough to trigger a price hike. So, do you have like a, you know, a minimum 
margin criteria, maybe 15%, 16% whatever that number is or an ROC criteria? 
And if you see the RM pressure pushing the margin numbers or the ROC 
numbers below those threshold targets, you trigger a price hike, especially 
given that you're the leader in taking price increases? So, just wanted to 
understand your thoughts there. 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, broadly Joseph, the targets were laid out in the vision numbers, which we 
have been talking about EBITDA margins in excess of 15%. And we are well 
ahead of that as discussed recently with Amyn also that ROCE targets also 
have been exceeded and we will look to maintain these. There is no hard 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
defined rule to say if ROCE is currently at 16%, at 15.5%, we should trigger a 
price increase. It's a discussion that will happen on a very regular constant 
basis. So as next quarter comes in, up to a certain point, the operations push 
themselves, challenge themselves to absorb the cost push on raw materials 
and mitigate it through other means. There is no defined set of numbers to say 
at this point, we'll take the price increase. But broadly, the intention would be, 
if we keep a ROCE as a sacrosanct, that should be above the 15% mark that 
we are looking at very stringently. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Akash. 
 
Akash: 
So, I just wanted to gain some understanding about how the RM 
management is done, the basically the raw materials, how are they kept? So, 
can you give a broad sense of like, how's the number of inventory days that 
we have? And then, also on the sourcing side, how is the sourcing between 
domestic and the international? So, just so we can get a sense of how 
basically the impact should come to our numbers with what kind of lag and 
etcetera? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the overall RM inventory for us is usually about 20 days. So, let's say 
anywhere between 2.5 weeks to 3.5 weeks. In the current set for our industry 
while you can -- we would usually not be dependent on a single supplier as a 
risk mitigation strategy. One can tie up volumes with the various suppliers 
based on estimates of demand and production, but pricing is fixed on a 
quarterly basis. 
 
Akash: 
Got it. And on the domestic sourcing versus international? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, for our India Operations, it would almost be an even mix between 
domestic and international, almost like 50-50 can vary plus minus 5% 
depending on the price dynamics or any other factor from quarter to quarter. 
 
Akash: 
Got it. And next, so you've been talking about strong volume growth that we 
are expecting in the coming quarters as well, and everything looks good on 
the domestic side. But in one of the comments, you also mentioned that we 
are seeing pick up in the export segment and things are looking incrementally 
better. So, can you give some more qualitative comments on that what, 
basically where is the improvement coming from and how much of an extent 
of improvement can we see so that this volume number that's in the mid-
single digit overall, can it move towards the high single digit side in the coming 
quarters? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, while the year-on-year decline in the exports volume is of the order of 40%, 
but on a sequential basis, export volumes have gone up by 7%. Not one 
particular category, which is a highlight, it is fairly even between truck, 
passenger car, etcetera. So, one is looking as this continues, the extent of 
which the exports were dragging down our top line growth in the domestic 
market should start improving with the domestic volume, sales volume being 
up in double digits compared to last year. 
 
Akash: 
So, will it be fair to assume that we can maybe in the subsequent one or two 
quarters go towards the overall volume growth towards a high single digit kind 
of a number? 
 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Definitely possible. 
 
Akash: 
Best of luck. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr Nishit. 
 
Nishit: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have three questions. Firstly, from 
a segment perspective, Apollo has done well moving away from CVs to 
passenger vehicle and now focusing on two-wheeler premium also. Just 
wanted to hear your thoughts on OHT segment, because that's not a big 
segment from an overall revenue perspective. But if I look at profit pool, that's 
a very big segment. One of the domestic players is making good money and 
has a good global presence, right? So, just wanted to understand, should we 
not focus in that segment in a really big way and that would help us in 
profitable growth and improving our ROC? That's number one. 
 
Number two, see, you mentioned that there will not be much growth CapEx 
in the next at least one year and EBITDA should be healthy. In the first half, we 
have seen some increase in working capital, but going ahead, your absolute 
net debt should come down very, very sharply. Is that assessment right? 
 
And thirdly, more from an industry perspective, we have seen natural rubber 
prices hovering around low levels while we have seen some volatility and 
uptake in other commodities. So, your internal assessment, what is your 
internal assessment on natural rubber prices? How should one look at it? 
Because we read some of the expert opinion saying that there is some 
mismatch between demand and supply, now supply is coming down and all 
those sort of things. So, just wanted to hear your thoughts. So, these are my 
three questions. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Nishit, on OHT, you are right. There are healthier margins while revenues are 
smaller. But here the company is focusing on OHT. I want you to know. We 
have converted one of our plants’ - nearly 50% of the capacity is going 
towards OHT. See, OHT in itself, 80% of OHT is Agri. The remainder is the 
industrial portion and the actual big sizes. Already in Agri, we are the leaders 
in India. 
 
As far as Europe is concerned, Vredestein has a premium position in Europe. 
So, if Michelin is 100%, we are above 90%. So, we are seen as a premium brand 
in OHT. Currently, Europe and America OHT market is very, very negative. It's 
in the tune of I think, minus 30% or minus 40% over last year. So, the company 
is holding back on making investments in this. We are right now looking at how 
we can just sustain ourselves in OHT. But there is a very clear focus going 
forward. Keep also in mind that CapEx is heavy in OHT. So, first, we want to 
create the brand, create the market and then slowly, slowly, we will look at 
CapEx going in. 
 
Then, you had asked about net debt. You are right in your views. I think net 
debt should be going lower than one as a company. Yeah. Then you have 
mentioned about natural rubber prices. So, you know, given the instability in 
the world and in the economies of the world, given there's a war, there are 
two wars going on today. We cannot predict the prices of natural rubber. But 
I can assure you one thing that I can predict my margins will be healthier. So, 
if we have to cut costs, if we have to optimise our sales mix, if we have to also 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
take timely price increases, we will take as and when we see the basket of 
RM going up. So, we will continue to have focus on our margins. So natural 
rubber prices, I can't predict right now. 
 
Nishit: 
Just one follow up. What would be the share of OHT in our overall revenues in 
India and Europe? And if you have the numbers handy, how many SKUs do 
you have in the OHT segment? Because what I understand is that in this 
segment, you need to have more and more SKUs to have a meaningful 
market share. Correct me if I'm wrong? 
 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Farm and total industrial in India was about 12%, but a large extent of it is farm. 
Whereas in Europe, it's about 13%. I don't have the number of SKUs readily; 
we'll have to come back to you Nishit. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from Mr Priya Ranjan. 
 
Priya Ranjan: 
So, we have seen significant amount of debt reduction, but we have not seen 
the amount of corresponding reduction in the interest cost. And is it, I mean, 
one will be the function of the interest rate has gone up in the last one year. 
But how should we look at that? Because I think that is one of the critical factor 
for your PAT growth or the PVT growth, going ahead? 
 
And the secondly, on if you can touch upon the strategy in Europe, because 
I think Europe at this point of time, I think when the inflation is one of the key 
criteria in Europe, I think the, our market share should ideally improve being a 
slightly discounted brand. And this is one of the area where we have to 
spread our wings, I mean, in the major countries across the different 
geography within the Europe. So, if you can throw some light on that? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Priya Ranjan, interest cost will keep coming down on a quarter basis there 
might have been working capital borrowings which are then again not there 
at the end of the quarter, but broadly the interest cost will keep coming down 
and then feeding into a net profit growth. 
 
On the Europe side, yes, we are a Tier B brand compared to the absolute top 
brands, but we are also not a discounted brand and we are not attempting 
to win market shares, as Neeraj has constantly highlighted, by trying to play 
the price game. So, we will function within the market of building up the 
brand, taking steps in the various geographies where within Europe we may 
be not as strong as some of the other geographies but we will not go after 
big market share gains on back of pricing actions. 
 
Priya Ranjan: 
Understood. And in domestic market you touched upon I mean there has 
been significant amount of growth in the truck side, but I mean the passenger 
car any reason because I mean this is one segment the passenger car has 
been not seen any kind of major degrowth in last many years. So, any specific 
reason do you see in the market is why the market itself is a weak? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
No particular reason, it has had strong growth this one quarter it was flattish 
so more an aberration. If we look at the previous years it was growing and it 
was growing much more than the truck side. So, we are seeing now good 
signs in the festive season and we expect that our demand growth to come 
back on the passenger car side also. 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Priya Ranjan: 
Sure. And the 17 inch, 18 inch do you see that pickup is happening in India as 
well? Because a lot of SUVs are coming with the 17-inch, 18-inch side and that 
time in the share of that business is I mean, that kind of vehicle is going up. So, 
how well prepared we are in terms of in next two, three years? And secondly, 
in last few years because our focus has been on ROCE and profitability. Our 
marketing, do you think that our marketing investment has been slightly lower 
and we need to up that game a bit as well? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, the share of 17-inch, 18 inch in India is going up with the SUVs etcetera, 
but still very small compared to what we see in our European Operations, if 
there are, if we say UHP is 17 inch and above where it's 40% there, here it's still 
in mid to low single digits. So, it will keep growing faster than the overall 
market, but still way behind the international levels. We have increased our 
marketing spends. Will you see a sudden big splurge or jump from the current 
levels? No, we'll be conscious of building up the brand, but building it up with 
spends, going along with the focus on profitability and cash flows. 
 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for the day. I will now hand over the floor to the 
management for any closing remarks. Thank you. 
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Well, we'd like to thank all of you and be rest assured in quarter three  you will 
see a better result from the company. Thank you. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
