 
 
RKL/SX/2023-24/92 
November 15, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on November 07, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Call held on November 07, 2023, for the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023.  
 
The same is also uploaded on the website of the Company at www.radicokhaitan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
(Dinesh Kumar Gupta) 
Senior Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Bareilly Road, Rampur-4490l (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No-L26941UP1983PLC027278 
Dinesh 
Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2023.11.15 
17:35:04 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Second Quarter and Half Year FY2024  
Earnings Conference call 
November 7, 2023 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Radico Khaitan 
Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Shah from 
Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Shah. 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat 
Capital, we welcome you all to Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Radico Khaitan. We would like to thank the management for giving us 
the opportunity to host the call. On the call, we have with us Mr. 
Abhishek Khaitan - Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha - Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip Banthiya - Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sanjeev Banga - President International Business. 
We would like to congratulate the management for stellar 36% 
revenue growth in P&A segment and 49% in Non-IMFL segment. All the 
best for future endeavors. 
Let me now hand over the floor to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan - Managing 
Director, for his opening remarks. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q2 FY24 results conference call.  
Strong growth momentum seen in quarter one was continued in the 
second quarter of FY24, with Prestige & Above category brands 
growing by 22% year-on-year. The growth was driven by all our core 
brands such as Magic Moments vodka, which crossed 1.5 million cases 
sales again during the quarter, Morpheus Super Premium brandy, 
Royal Ranthambore, After Dark Blue whisky, 1965 Spirit of Victory 
premium rum, etc. This underscores the strength of our brand 
portfolio, operational excellence and clearly defined strategic road 
map. Given the increasing premiumization, our margins have shown 
sustained improvement.  

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
We are making remarkable progress in further expanding our luxury 
brand portfolio and launched next two whiskies in the Jugalbandi 
series of eight Indian Single Malt whiskies i.e.,  Jugalbandi #3 and 
Jugalbandi #4, at the Whisky Show in London, priced at GBP 400 per 
bottle. There is a lot of mysticism about India and the global 
consumers are always intrigued by the Indian culture and heritage. 
With our Rampur Indian Single Malt portfolio, we have always strived 
to take India to the world. The recent launch is a testament to our 
brand creation capabilities and celebrates an ancient Indian artform. 
We are rolling it out to the UK, USA, EU, Singapore, and Global Travel 
Retail. 
Furthermore, we continue to expand the distribution of Rampur and 
Jaisalmer in India. Rampur is now available in over 10 states and 
Jaisalmer is available in 20 states. With Rampur, we have surpassed 
FY23 volumes in the first half of FY24. 
Capitalizing on the growth in the white spirits space and our vodka 
market leadership, we are planning to launch a unique and premium 
pink vodka made from 100% natural ingredients under the Magic 
Moments umbrella. We are quite excited about this product and 
confident that it will take Magic Moments portfolio to new highs. 
While we have seen prices of certain commodities stabilizing, the 
scenario remains volatile for glass and ENA. We continue to cautiously 
monitor the industry trends. Given the IMFL portfolio premiumization 
and price increases in both IMFL and country liquor businesses, we 
have seen our margins improve both on year-on-year and quarter-on-
quarter basis. Although, we have faced raw material pressure in the 
short term but that does not impact the mid to long-term growth and 
margin trajectory. 
During the quarter, we successfully commissioned the new 350 
kiloliters per day grain ENA distillery at Sitapur. The plant is now 
running at optimum capacity and has achieved key operating 
parameters. The commissioning of the Sitapur plant not only secures 
long-term ENA supplies but also positions us strongly to capitalize on 
the future growth opportunities in the branded business with 
enhanced bottling capacities. Together with the Rampur campus, the 
ENA production from Sitapur plant will be able to support the branded 
business growth for the next six to eight years. 
We are committed to our long-term strategy of delivering sustainable 
premium volume growth. With our strong backward integration 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
platform and dedication to brand excellence, we are confident in our 
ability to capitalize on the long-term growth prospects within the 
Indian spirits industry. We are focused on delivering a value-led 
growth, managing business with agility, harnessing the strength of our 
extensive distribution network and manufacturing platform while 
consistently improving our profit margins. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you, and over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this call 
today. 
During Q2 FY24, we reported total IMFL volume of 6.96 million cases, 
which is a degrowth of 3% on year-on-year basis. Prestige & Above 
category volume grew by 21.8%. In value terms, the Prestige & Above 
category registered 35.6% growth. During FY23, we had rationalized 
volume of certain regular category brands as a conscious strategic 
decision to mitigate input cost pressure. We have recently received 
price increases in the regular category in defense division. This should 
support the volume in the coming quarters. 
Prestige & Above category now account for 47.1% of IMFL volume as 
compared to 37.9% in Q2 FY23. The percentage of P&A is slightly 
higher due to significant degrowth in the regular category. 
Improvement in IMFL realization is due to the combination of price 
increases and continued premiumization. 
On year-on-year basis, there was a 165 bps impact due to the price 
increase on our IMFL sales value. 
Gross margin improved significantly on year-on-year due to the price 
increases and ongoing premiumization in IMFL business, coupled with 
price increases received in the country liquor business. On quarter-on-
quarter basis, despite commodity inflation in ENA and grain prices, we 
have been able to sustain our gross margin.  Although prices of certain 
packaging materials have softened recently, we are cautiously 
monitoring the trend of ENA and glass bottles, where volatility persists. 
Overall, we have a strong financial position and comfortable liquidity. 
During these times, we are taking all necessary steps to sustain our 
financial strength, maintain a robust business model and grow 
consistently, competitively, and profitably. 
With this, we will now open the lines for Q&A. 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Question & Answer:  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had two or three questions. First was on the new plant. So, if you 
could give us a sense of what is the kind of capacity utilization that will 
be for your own brands and what amount of capacity will be utilized 
for selling outside in terms of bulk alcohol, at least for the first six to 
12 months. If you could give some sense on that. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the Sitapur plant has been commissioned, keeping in in the view 
the strategic angle in mind. This plant is having a capacity of 350 
kiloliters per day. So initially, this is being used for our branded 
business where we were chock-a-block. And as you see, our brand 
business, particularly the P&A category growth, is in the strong double 
digits. Some of the grain ENA will be used for our UPML, which is a new 
segment introduced in Uttar Pradesh last financial year. Rest of the 
ENA for the time being, will be either sold to the local manufacturers 
or exported out of India. But with our business model, we are 
confident of achieving our captive utilization in next three to four 
years. 
Harit Kapoor: 
So, my second question was on popular. So, you've seen an impact 
there in the last a few quarters. I just wanted to get a sense whether 
this is in certain states where the pressure is more. Or how are you 
seeing the outlook for this segment going forward? Do you think 
volumes stabilize at these levels? Just wanted to get your outlook on 
that. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, in general, the regular category or the popular category is having a 
muted growth as far as the industry is concerned. Certain states, which 
are big states like Karnataka, increased the duty by 20%. There is an 
impact on the demand at that price point. In UP, where the price 
difference between UPML and regular category higher, there is some 
down trending. But as far as defense is concerned, we got recent price 
increases, and I think that some of the degrowth will be arrested in Q3. 
Some export markets where the currencies have been depreciating 
against dollar, there also the regular category brands are having less 
saliency. And because of that, there is a degrowth in the regular 
category. But I think as far as Radico’s business model is concerned, 
we will be able to deliver flat to some low-mid-single-digit volume 
growth in the coming quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
You mentioned the price increase in canteen. So how much has that 
happened? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So overall, in that price category, is 6%. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. I have some more questions, but I will come back. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, we are seeing a very strong mix change which is happening in your 
business. Ex of Karnataka, there is the consumer going because such 
a sharp dip in the regular category in the lower end, obviously, 
consumption will not happen so drastically in terms of change. So 
obviously, that consumer is going to other brands. For a lot of the 
multinational companies, this is a very conscious strategy. So, in your 
case, how much of this mix change is conscious strategy? And how 
much is a risky proposition for medium long term, given the consumer 
will shift to other and possibly the local brands? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, in general, as I said, in this category, the industry is also muted to 
flat. Secondly, these are the two states, which I talked about, which are 
the larger ones. Secondly, as I said that our focus is P&A and above. So 
strategically, where there is an input cost pressure, there has been a 
cutdown as a strategic call. So, I don't think that regular is our focus. 
And I think we will come back where we got the price increase. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Okay. Understood. And in terms of the advertising and more so 
surrogate advertising, could you take us through -- because you are 
doing so many new products at the P&A level, especially in whisky, 
where traditionally, there are other players who are having the higher 
market share. Could you take us through how those trends will pan 
out in the coming quarters? Because now Q3 clearly is a festival 
quarter, but more from a one to two years' perspective, how do see 
your ad spends panning out? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, see, as far as our A&SP spends are concerned, we feel that despite 
all the new brand launches, we will continue to be within 6% to 8%. 
However, when we are right now -- launching new products, what we 
are right now focusing on is a lot of on-ground visibility and consumer 
trials, which will continue for at least the next one year. On a selective 
basis, for brands like Magic Moments, we are continuing with our 
initiatives on in-film brand integration for premium brands like for 
Royal Ranthambore, we are concentrating on sports like Golf. 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
So, we are picking events as a prime source for above-line advertising 
rather than working too much on to the surrogate route. Event is 
something that's currently being allowed. And if you see the World Cup 
matches also, practically every liquor company is there, and we're 
following the event route right now. So, I don't see this as a big 
problem. We have to be a little creative and the strength of Radico has 
always been in innovation and creativity for our brands, which we will 
continue. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from Kotak Securities. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, question is on 
gross margin that you have seen even the sequential basis, it has 
improved though there is a pressure you said and the volatile scenario 
on the raw material prices. So, I want to understand what benefit we 
have got from the backward integration in terms of gross margin 
contribution for this quarter and going ahead. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we have improved on our gross margin on a year-on-year basis by 
around 260 basis points and on a quarter-on-quarter basis by 60 basis 
points. It is on account of the premiumization and price increases. The 
higher-end product like, Royal Ranthambore, Jaisalmer, Rampur Indian 
Single Malt, are having a big traction and with percentage growth in 
these segments are much higher. We have been able to mitigate this 
cost pressure. There has been an increase on broken rice Y-o-Y basis 
around 15% and on quarter-on-quarter basis also by 4%. Last year, two 
price increase in the glass bottle has taken away, on a gross basis, a 
margin around 225 to 250 basis points. 
So, despite that, the margin improvements are there consistently. I 
think on the commodity side, the rice/paddy season has started. We 
expect from November or December, the commodity should also have 
some softening and which will have a tailwind to our margin. I think we 
will continue to improve. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay sir, because now this backward integration, the benefit will also 
be coming in. So, you'll see that will be adding your gross margin? And 
any outlook, any commentary on that, if you can comment? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. So, backward integration will definitely add on to the gross 
margin. But at the same time, we'll add to my branded portfolio more, 
which will be a value-added product. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
And sir, second question is on your overall capacity. So, on the bottling 
side as well as the ENA side. So now with this expansion, so how much 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
we are utilising in-house in terms of ENA supply? And in the bottling 
also, how much is the in-house versus contracted and output? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As far as the ENA is concerned, now we are self-sufficient for our 100% 
of the branded product and UPML or CL. But the point is on logistic 
reasons, some of the states in Southern India, which are distance 
away, we buy the alcohol for our popular products. As far as the 
bottling capacity is concerned, we have a very large bottling capacity 
now at Sitapur. So, we will be sufficient for our own bottling. I think our 
own bottling at this point of time is between 55% to 60%, and the third-
party bottling is around 45% to 40%. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Sir, my last question is on the volume growth outlook for the P&A side. 
We have seen more than 20% volume growth in the first half. So how 
do you see for the second half and for FY25, any comment, sir, there? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, we have always been talking about P&A, our focus area, and we 
continue to focus and have a strong double-digit growth on our P&A 
category for next two to three years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from Ohm Portfolio Equi 
Research. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Yes. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I just wanted to 
understand that gross margins of 44%, EBITDA of 13%, is this the new 
normal now, given the past volatility where we had a couple of issues 
hitting us? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So as far as our business model is concerned, we are confident about 
improving the margin year after year. At the same time, as I said, that 
these commodity like the soft commodity of grain, ENA and glass 
prices, I can't have more visibility. So, if it remains at steady state at 
these levels then we will improve on our gross margin as well as 
EBITDA margin, given our premiumization and product portfolio. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Yes. And you also have the backward integration benefits kicking in 
so... 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. That's part of the whole business model. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Right. And secondly, Prestige & Above sales, which is already 54% of 
IMFL, so effectively, 50% of company revenue. When can this peak out? 
I know you're focused on strong double-digit growth, but does it peak 
out at, say, 60%, 70% of the company revenue? How should we look at 
it, sir? 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
This quarter, there has been a double impact. One is the regular has 
degrown by 15% or so, and P&A has grown by 22%. That's why the mix 
is around 47% in volume terms. However, as our business model 
further going forward, we expect that in a normal state where the 
regular grows mid, low digits and P&A in double digit. We will be in the 
range of 55% to 60% on volume terms in the P&A category next in two 
to three years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan 
by BNP Paribas. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is on the debt 
front. So now our major capex has been done. Actually all the factories 
are now operational. So, any timeline when we can see substantial 
reduction in debt since you are expecting cash flows to improve over 
the next one to two years, sir? So, any thought process on that? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So yes, the major capex has already been done and commissioned. I 
have already guided that the debt will be peaked in the Q3 of this year. 
And thereafter, there will be continuous decline in the debt and by 
FY2026, it will be a very negligible kind of debt with the business model. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir, talking about the EBITDA margins, we have seen sequential 
improvement in the EBITDA margin this quarter. The margins are still 
at around 13%. And you have guided that by end of FY24, margins 
should be close to around 14% to 15%. So, considering the strong 
performance of P&A segment, should we expect EBITDA margins 
coming close to around 15% by end of FY24? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As I said that margin from here onwards will continue to improve. We 
already said that every year, the margin improvement trajectory will 
be seen. By three years' time, it should be late teens kind of margins. 
That is what we are expecting. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And the full benefit of the Sitapur facility should start flowing in from 
FY25. Is it the right understanding? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, full capacity utilization of Sitapur will be there as far as the 
distillation is concerned, so in Q3 also and next year, it will be a full 
year. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, I just had one follow-up. The operating costs for the quarter, do 
they have an element of the Sitapur plant having commissioned and 
actually revenue hasn't come in to that extent, but costs would have 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
come in. I just want to understand will the revenue and cost kind of 
match in from Q3 onwards there is little upfront in Q2. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, Harit, Sitapur came into operation in the last 10 days of the current 
quarter and next quarter onward, there will be top line also from that, 
and the full expenditure will also come into the P&L. So yes, it will be 
seen in both. 
Harit Kapoor: 
No sir just, I just wanted to check if the employee cost or some of the 
other costs come in a little bit before. So that impact would have come 
in Q2 to some extent and revenue would have lagged a little bit in Q2. 
I just wanted to see if there is any extra cost coming in on Sitapur, 
which will obviously get matched by revenue in Q3. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Actually from here onward, the interest, depreciation, etc. will be 
charged out. I think you will see that with this business model and 
integrated business model with the Sitapur coming into full operation, 
we will continue to improve on our margin because there will be 
backward integration benefit also and the premiumization, which is 
going on, we'll continue to further strengthen. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Anurag Jain, individual investor. 
Anurag Jain: 
Congratulations on the excellent quarter for the premium and above 
segment. It's a record quarter for the segment and with sales touching 
almost INR 500 crores and the P&A sales have almost doubled in last 
three years, which is significantly ahead of the industry. 
Now comparing the regular segment has seen the lowest sales in last 
five years on a quarterly basis, barring the COVID lockdown quarter. 
Now from the previous questions, I gather that there are two reasons. 
One is at the industry level and second is management's own 
evaluation that the sales in regular segment will not be margin 
accretive, so you have probably given up those sales. So now based on 
these two factors, what would explain the decline like 50-50 or which 
is the larger reason for the decline in volumes in the regular segment 
between these two factors? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As I said, I can't have the division or the separation between that what 
is on account of the industry and what is on account of cost push. But 
yes, of course, we are doing the regular segment in certain states 
where we make reasonably okay margin. A certain state where it is  
miniscule or negative, we are doing away with those volumes. 
So, I feel that because there is cost push across and the defense has 
given the price increase at the end of the last quarter, Q2. Certain more 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
markets will give price increases in regular category. As far as the 
industry is concerned, industry is growing in mid-single digits. So, we 
will continue to come on growth in regular in next year. This year, H2 
also will be flat to some growth. 
Anurag Jain: 
All right, sir. And I have one more question on the export segment. 
How has been the performance of the export segment and for Radico 
is now the export segment bigger than its largest state or not? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Well, in terms of exports, we've been doing well. We are, in fact, one of 
the largest exporters of IMFL from India. And we are seeing increasing 
acceptance of our brands, especially the luxury portfolio across the 
world. There have been a few issues in certain markets because of the 
local currency situation. But I think overall, we continue to keep 
growing. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Sneha Jain from SKS Capital. 
Sneha Jain: 
I just wanted to know the impact of the RM prices, I mean, what are 
the trajectory you're seeing them to go to? And what are the major RM 
prices that we are seeing being impacted? And anything like any sort 
of recovery or something like that from that? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
See, in the raw materials, one of the major raw materials is grain. And 
as I said that grain prices on a year-on-year basis are up around 15%, 
and on quarter-on-quarter also 4% to 5%. But the crop in the northern 
part is good, the export has been banned. So, we see some softening 
as we start paddy processing and it comes on full swing, from 
November and onwards, when there is a season. Within three to four 
months, we should see those prices to decline. 
The major impact on account of the ENA and as we have seen 7% to 
8% inflation on a year-on-year basis and around 2% inflation on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. This is also a major raw material. Rest all are 
the hard material is under softening side. The glass prices have already 
risen by 30%, 35% last year, and that is also an impact of around 225 
basis points to 250 basis points on my gross margin. 
Sneha Jain: 
But glass price continues to be like? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
No, now it's stable. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria from Living Root 
Analytics. 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Yes, so I just wanted to know going forward how much the revenue 
mix, are we expecting from regular since we are focusing on 
premiumization? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Revenue mix right now, it is around 45% versus 55%. Our growth 
strategy is on the P&A category where we will have a strong double 
digit. In 3 years’, time, if we are able to do 60% of volume from P&A 
and 40% volume from the regular category, I think that business model 
will be a stable business model. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay sir, there was an introduction of several gin brands at various 
price points. So how the sales in Jaisalmer are growing? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See, if you compare to all the Indian brands like Jaisalmer is pitched 
against the highest selling global gin brands and Jaisalmer is priced at 
about INR 4,000 a bottle. And in that segment, today, we have the 
leading market share and our market share will be close to about 55%. 
And Jaisalmer, everywhere, wherever it's gone, it's doing exceptionally 
well. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
And in fact, we have recently launched Happiness gin at about, INR 
2,000 to INR 2,200 a bottle. So that would be the gin which would be 
competing with the Indian local gins. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And what is the outreach for the Happiness brand? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, this quarter, we are going to roll it out in about five states. And 
gradually next year, we'll take it pan India. So, this quarter, we are 
rolling it out. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
So, which five states is it going to hit? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, we are looking at states like Haryana, Delhi, Goa, Rajasthan and UP. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Shah from Dolat capital. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Sir, just a couple of questions. First, is our capex on the greenfield 
expansion of Sitapur complete? Or there will be some additional spend 
that will come up in H2 FY24 for Sitapur plant? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, Sitapur plant capex is all complete but some of the payments, 
which comes later on because these are after the performance and all 
that will come in H2 also. There are certain capexes, which has been 
done by the company. This has been to do for the Happiness Gin we 
had a new gin facility commission for that. We have tripled our capacity 
on the Jaisalmer also. We are improving on our printing bottle capacity 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
[for Magic Moments] by around 33% to 35%. That will also come into 
play in coming years. So, all these capex’s are now being done on the 
branded business side and in particular, the P&A and luxury brand. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. So, in this front, can you guide for our capex number for H2 FY24 
and FY25? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, H2 the remaining capex payment side will be around INR 125 
crores. Next year, the capex will be in the range of around INR 75 
crores to INR 100 crores. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. Henceforth, the capex run rate should be in that vicinity INR 75 
crores to INR 100 crores? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. INR 125 crores for H2 is only the payment pending, but we would 
have capitalized that particular amount.  
Dilip Banthiya: 
No, payment pending is one part and another, as I said, that these 
capex’s, which has been done for our premium, super premium and 
luxury side. We are increasing our maturation facility. There will be 
more cask required. So, all this will continue to happen on the malt 
side also. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Brand related. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. This is very helpful. Sir, secondly, if you can just help, what would 
be the market size of vodka and gin. Is the growth run rate that we 
have seen in first half of the financial year? Or what would have been 
the overall market size of vodka and gin for this particular financial 
year? Industry size, some color if possible. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
See, overall vodka market is in 3.5% like it is 400 million cases industry, 
so something 10 million cases, 10.5 million. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, the vodka market is about 3.5% of the total IMFL business in India. 
We are actually growing at a very healthy rate and expanding the 
vodka segment with our new offerings, which will continue. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. And what about gin, sir? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
So, gin right now is quite negligible, but it is growing at a rapid pace 
and especially like the premium gin. Gin is more at the premium side. 
So, their volumes are quite small, but the profitability and the 
contribution is very high. 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. And sir, just a last question. Can you help me with the 
distribution of Royal Ranthambore like it's available in how many 
states Jaisalmer gin and these two products? 
Amar Sinha: 
So, Royal Ranthambore has expanded to about 18 states and the 
response to the brand is unprecedented, though we have priced at 
higher than the most popular selling scotch. The brand is well 
accepted, and we are now gearing up our capacities to cater to the 
market demand that is emerging for this brand. I think this is a future 
brand for Radico with unprecedented response. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay, that's very nice and very heartening, sir. And about Jaisalmer gin 
sir? And if you can also help me with 1965 rum number of states that 
its available. 
Amar Sinha: 
So, Jaisalmer gin is in about 19 states. We are a national brand, both 
for Jaisalmer and Royal Ranthambore. As far as Jaisalmer is concerned, 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan has already told you, we are today in the region 
of about 60% market share across the gin category. And this brand is 
showing unprecedented results despite being higher price premium 
to most international brands. We are very hopeful. We have tripled our 
capacity as well. So, I think Jaisalmer has a future in India.  
1965 is in about 10 states. It is one of the most premium priced rums 
in India today. You see, rum has traditionally been seen as a cheap and 
medium-priced product in India. But with the launch of 1965, starting 
with defense, it was pegged at a premium price. Now it has been 
expanded to the civil domestic market as well. We are in 10 markets in 
domestic. We hold good more than 10% market share in defense. The 
brand is consistently growing. And I think 1965 will become 
synonymous with the category in the years ahead. It's showing 
tremendous response. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from Ohm Portfolio. 
Jayesh Shah: 
I have two industry-level questions. Firstly, do we expect any volatility 
in the liquor policy because of the state elections and the central 
elections, whether things are settling down? And secondly, can you 
comment on the impact of UK FTA, if it goes through, on Radico. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Let me first talk about the UK FTA. I think as an industry and especially 
as Radico, we welcome this FTA when it happens also because we 
import a lot of bulk scotch. So, any duty reduction will make a good 
impact on our costing as well. In terms of overall industry, the more 
scotch malt is available at competitive prices will definitely improve the 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
quality of Indian blend as well. And with India premiumizing the 
portfolio in the beverage alcohol space, even the international brands 
when they come in, there will be a big boost to the industry and the 
P&A category. However, our want has always been that it should be a 
level playing field. So, the British side would also have to do away with 
some of the non-tariff barriers. Once that happens, the export of IMFL 
and Indian whisky and rum will also increase substantially to the UK 
market. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
And as far as the first question goes about the state elections and 
everything, I think one of the major decision, which took place was 
removal of ENA under GST, which the GST committee took, which I 
think is a very welcome move for the liquor industry. This ambiguity 
was there for two years, which has been done away with. And we don't 
see much of any policy change because of the state elections. 
Amar Sinha: 
In fact, the state governments are very responsive to the liquor 
business because it's a state subject matter. So, state elections will not 
disturb the policy, and there would be stability like always. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Just a follow-up on the UK FTA. I thought since you are more in the 
prestige and above category, product pricing benchmark to be foreign 
brands like Glenlivet and whatever and hence some kind of a pricing 
impact that may happen? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of our luxury portfolio, say, Rampur way above the global 
brands or some of the other 12, 15-year-old scotches. So, Rampur is 
far above that. And even in the global international market, we're 
competing with all these brands at a much higher price level. So, we 
don't see a problem with that. 
Jayesh Shah: 
But with the vodka gin and other ones, I mean, Rampur, Jaisalmer may 
not be, but the other brands. 
Amar Sinha: 
No, I think it's a very important to understand that Radico has already 
breached the international brands price positioning, whether in India 
or abroad, we are selling at higher price points. And we don't see any 
competition coming to our brands in the immediate future, even 
despite FTA. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Secondly, as far as gin and vodka is concerned, there will not be any 
impact of the duty reduction because in India everything is locally 
made for these gin and vodka. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We are confident of maintaining our long-term margin expansion 
given the premiumization of our portfolio, recently received price 
increases both in IMFL and non-IMFL and backward integration.  
We look forward to interacting with you all on our next earnings call. 
In the meanwhile, if you have any queries, please follow up with us and 
feel free to write to us. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Dolat Capital Markets Private 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
*** 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
