               SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS & FERTILISERS LTD. 
CIN: L24100MH1993PLC071376 
        (A Government of India Recoginsed Export House) 
 An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Certiﬁed Company 
Oﬃce No. 301/302, 3rd Floor, Atlanta Center, Near Udyog Bhavan 
Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel.: + 91 22 4270 2525 Fax: + 91 22 2685 3205 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
     Date:10th November, 2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
Script Symbol: SHREEPUSHK 
BSE Limited,
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 539334 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held on 6th November, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our letter dated 6th November, 2023, intimating you about 
the earning conference call for Q2FY24 with Analysts/Investors held on 6th November, 2023, please 
find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at https://shreepushkar.com/  
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited., 
 
 
Nitesh Pangle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Place: Mumbai. 
Encl.:a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
..........Stable, Sustainable & Smart Chemistry Company.......... 
● Speciality Textile Dyes 
● Dyes Intermediates 
● Acids 
● Power 
● Animal Health & Nutrition 
● Fertilisers 
 
Works at - B- 102 / 103, D – 25, B – 97, D - 18, D - 10, MIDC Lote Parshuram, Taluka Khed, Dist. Ratnagiri Maharashtra, India. 
GOTS / Approved            email: info@shreepushkar.com ● www.shreepushkar.com                        ZDHC gateway / Registered 
 
 
 
NITESH 
PANDURANG 
PANGLE
Digitally signed by NITESH PANDURANG PANGLE 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400093, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=A902 KULSHREE 
SRA CHS LTD SHER E PUNJAB  JIJAMATA ROADMUMBAI 
SUBURBANANDHERI EASTBEHIND HILTON TOWER 400093, l=MUMBAI 
SUBURBAN, o=Personal, title=3145, 
serialNumber=e8ac4bb45ff47b6d15637c03803ad9c16dbecc3d887794e419
e40c67f2041eab, pseudonym=314520221122155924219, 
2.5.4.20=7b9ea763eb6576c88568656116cd7ae6f120a9ffba4c2b0d379da30
1974f5884, email=NITESH0610@GMAIL.COM, cn=NITESH PANDURANG 
PANGLE 
Date: 2023.11.10 16:19:53 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited Q2 & 
H1 FY24 Earnings Call” 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNIT MAKHARIA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS 
& FERTILISERS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK BERIWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NITESH PANGLE – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS 
& FERTILISERS LIMITED 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited Q2 and H1 
FY24 Earnings Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind all participants that some of the statements or comments 
made on today's call may be forward-looking in nature. This may include but are not necessarily 
limited to financial projection or other statements of the Company’s plan, objectives, 
expectations or intentions. 
The Company disclaims an obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect 
future events or development. Kindly refer to slide number 17 of the earnings presentation for 
the detailed disclaimer. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitesh Pangle – Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer of Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitesh Pangle: 
Good evening, everyone and we welcome all the participants of Shree Pushkar Chemicals and 
Fertilisers Limited for Q2 and H1 FY2024 Earnings Call. 
Joining us today from the Management’s side, we have Mr. Punit Makharia – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Deepak Beriwala – Chief Financial Officer. 
Now I hand over the call to Mr. Punit Makharia for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Punit Makharia: 
Thank you Nitesh. Good evening and warm welcome to everyone for Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings 
Call of Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited. Friends, I hope you all have got an 
opportunity to go through the Financial Results and Investor Presentation which we have 
uploaded on the stock exchange as well as on the Company's website.  
Friends, now I will take you through the financial and operational performance of our Company 
for Q2 and H1 FY24: 
In the Fiscal Year 2024, our prime object remains the efficient operation of the manufacturing 
plants with a strong emphasis on maintaining healthy cash flow through our business cycle. Our 
commitment is to avoid accumulating costly inventories and managing our cash flows that could 
have impacted us negatively on our financial health. 
All while retaining our valued customers rather than pursuing rapid top-line growth without a 
long-term prospective, we have adopted a measured approach, prioritizing stability over short-

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
term gains. We have also been vigilant about monitoring commodities pricing and market trends 
to avoid unfavourable situations. 
Friends, these strategic decisions allow us to navigate the challenges for the first half of the year 
and maintain our financial stability. I'm pleased to share a significant development in our 
operations, particularly in Ratnagiri region of Maharashtra, our efforts have resulted in 
noteworthy increases in total sales, and we are undertaking site development for our Unit-6. This 
is in strategic initiative in Ratnagiri, not only emphasize our capacity within the fertiliser 
segment, but also contributes to the overall growth of our organization. Furthermore, we take 
pride in ongoing projects to establish a 3.8 MW_DC solar plant in Ahmednagar district, 
Maharashtra. Once commissioned this facility along with existing solar plant will generate an 
impressive 9 MW_DC on green energy.  
This project complements our previous strategic investment of 5.2-megawatt DC solar power 
plant in the same region refining our commitments to sustainable energy solutions and broader 
environmental goals. 
In the Dyes and Dyes intermediate segment we have experienced moderate growth this quarter 
while the global demand has softened due to economic challenges and energy crisis. 
Our efforts and initiative have enabled us to maintain stability. Despite various challenges, such 
as floods, heavy rains, droughts in some parts of Maharashtra and geopolitical tensions there are 
signs of recovery, and we expect production and demand for dyes to increase gradually.  
Lastly, I'm delighted to report that your Company posted robust balance sheet and non-lien 
deposits of Rs. 113 crores, which provides a strong cash flow position for long-term stability 
and sustainability. Despite the challenges, circumstances of geopolitical tensions demand 
pressures, global supply chain disruptions, economic downturns and high inflationary pressures 
we have achieved moderate growth. Our unwavering commitments to sustainable growth in the 
face of adversity have been the key to our success.  
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about our future and anticipate significant improvements in 
both profitability and revenue growth in coming quarters. We remain dedicated to our goals and 
confident that our hard work and strategic planning will continue to pay off. We're excited to 
face the challenges of life ahead, building on the success we have achieved so far.  
With this, I would like to pass on the baton to Mr. Deepak – our CFO, who will provide you 
with the operational and financial highlights for Q2 and H1 FY24.  
Deepak Beriwala: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to provide an overview of our 
operational and financial performance for the Q2 and H1 FY24. 
In Q2 FY24, our consolidated volume in the chemical sector showed a 15% increase, reaching 
16,400 metric tons up from 14,363 metric tons in Q2 FY23.  

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
For the H1 FY24, the chemical sector volume increased by 26% to 38,000 metric tons in H1 
FY24 up from 23,800 metric tons in H1 FY23 on a consolidated basis. 
Moving into our Financial Results in Q2 FY24: 
Our consolidated revenue amounts to Rs. 185.2 crores showing a 2% growth compared to Rs. 
181.3 crores in Q2 FY23. Our consolidated EBITDA for Q2 FY24 was Rs. 14 crores, a slight 
2% increase from Rs. 13.7 crores in Q2 FY23 with the margin of 7.5% in Q2 FY24.  
The PAT for Q2 FY24 stood at Rs. 8.5 crores, which represents a significant 74% growth from 
the Rs. 4.9 crores in Q2 FY23 with the PAT margin of 4.6%. For the H1 FY24, our consolidated 
revenue was Rs. 361 crores showing a 3% growth compared to Rs. 350 crores in H1 FY23. 
However, our consolidated EBITDA for H1 FY24 was Rs. 28 crores. The EBITDA margin for 
H1 FY24 was 7.8% and the PAT margin was 4.5%. The PAT for H1 FY24 was at Rs. 16.3 
crores. With this I would like to open the floor for any question or discussion. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may please press “*” in ”1” on your touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question is from the line 
of Dhruv Mukesh Bajaj from Smart Sync Investment Advisor Service. Please proceed. 
Dhruv Mukesh Bajaj: 
Congratulations Sir, for good set of results in challenging times. So, the first question was after 
the completion of the chemicals in the SSP fertiliser CAPEX, what is the revenue potential of 
the two separate segments and like what are the margin profiles working capital intensity and 
the asset turnover of the respective segments since I couldn't find PAT numbers for the two 
different segments, that will be very helpful? 
Punit Makharia: 
Mukesh looking to your question if we see that we have completed the CAPEX at Unit-5 in 
March 2023 and if I talk about a normal scenario and the normal business environment were in 
the stability and sustainability as far as the recent crisis what we are looking around us including 
geopolitical situations.  
I believe that the chemical sector and the fertiliser sector on a consolidated basis should give us 
a total revenue of approximately Rs. 900 crores approximately or so on a consolidated basis and 
if I take it separately it should be around Rs. 350 crores to Rs. 400 crores in terms of the fertiliser 
and balance on the chemicals.  
As far as profitability is concerned, if you look at our previous results, we will always be 
somewhere around 9% to 11% of the PAT levels, but for the last 1.5 years or so we have been 
trying to maintain our cash flows. We are trying to maintain our customers. We are trying to 
behave very conservatively in this tight situation market where the demand is under a very high 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
pressure and the pricing volatility is very high. We are just trying to play very safe and extremely 
conservative.  
We personally believe that right now accumulation of cash and not leaving with the costly and 
the heavy inventories in our books we are trying to behave very cautiously. So, right now 
profitability has taken a hit, but we don't want to compromise on a long-term standing.  
Dhruv Mukesh Bajaj: 
Since our margins have dropped from 15% say in FY20 to 10% in FY23. Now partially you 
have mentioned that because the market conditions have been poor as such, but is there some 
change in the product mix that is happening or that is primarily due to the market 
conditions?Punit Makharia: There is no change in the product mix, products are the same. It is 
only due to the market conditions and the majority of the market conditions are beyond our 
control. 
Dhruv Mukesh Bajaj: 
That is very helpful thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Rathi from Aequitas Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
Aditya Rathi: 
Sir, I see 25% degrowth in the fertiliser segment. Is there any specific reason why there is a 
degrowth of 25% in the segment? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes, basically there are two or three issues which we have encountered, particularly Kharif 
season Mr. Rathi. A)  if you remember and if you think about it that specifically in Kisan, we 
have taken a degrowth in terms of fertiliser. If I give you a specific number in Kisan, the total 
revenue in this quarter compared to the last year quarter has gone down from Rs. 48 crores to 
Rs. 31 crores.  
So, there is a dip of around 30% - 35%in terms of the Kisan phosphates. You see in FY22-23 in 
this Quarter 2 we have sold the total revenue was Rs. 48 crores and if you talk about the revenue 
in this particular Financial Year for Quarter 2 is only Rs. 32 crores. So, there is Rs. 16 crores 
dip. In terms of this percentage, I think it is close to 35%.  
Mainly if you will see this is mainly because of the flood situation in Haryana and Punjab, which 
is our prominent area somewhere in May, June and July these three months were completely 
under water in terms of the Haryana and Punjab and if you talk about Maharashtra, Maharashtra 
is still considering to be declared as a drought in certain areas. 
So, you know because of these issues, which are all these climatic conditions, which are not in 
our control also. So, there we took a hit into the fertiliser. Overall, if you see in the chemical 
sector, we have done fairly well looking at today’s condition with our peer competitors, but yes, 
the fertiliser section has taken a dip. Due to these kinds of climatic conditions and the pricing 
conditions and some subsidy which has been recently reduced by the Government of India and 
looking at that also that since the subsidy is going to reduce in 1st October 2024.  

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
So, we were thinking when the subsidy is going to decrease then the prices are going to increase. 
So, all these things mixture upon everything there is a hit on the demand, and this is only in 
terms of fertiliser business. 
Aditya Rathi: 
Sir, when do we expect the recovery of fertiliser segment because chemical segment, I can 
clearly see there has been a growth of 20% which is magnificent? 
Punit Makharia: 
In fertiliser Mr. Rathi somewhere in Quarter 4 there could be a good sign of recovery. By that 
time, the entire pricing and the demand would have been stabilized. As of now, looking at the 
current raw material prices also of the DAP and rock phosphate are bit of un-stabilized phase, 
but I personally believe in this October, November and December generally it's a lean period for 
the fertiliser business and somewhere at a Quarter 4 I think we should come back on our original 
levels. 
Aditya Rathi: 
Sir, as I said I can see 20% growth in the chemical sector. Sir, do we expect the similar kind of 
outlook for Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 also? 
Punit Makharia: 
Mr. Rathi, in my opinion, this growth would have been much better, but looking at the scenario 
as I explained before we prefer to sell less, but not to be at a risky zone. So, there is quite potential 
if we achieve 100% or decent amount of this capacity utilization, I am sure the total revenue in 
the existing capacity has got the potential of giving us these total sales of around Rs. 1,000 crores 
on this consolidated basis. 
Aditya Rathi: 
This year guiding for FY24? 
Punit Makharia: 
FY24 is not possible to achieve Rs. 1,000 crores, but I believe somewhere in next year wherein 
I believe this complete stability we should be able to achieve somewhere in next year. 
Aditya Rathi: 
Sir, like you mentioned about the utilization what would be the utilization now for the chemical 
sector? 
Punit Makharia: 
In chemicals, it would be around 65% to 66%. 
Aditya Rathi: 
Sir my last question coming to you, sir, when do we expect the remaining CAPEX to get 
operational and phase out?  
Punit Makharia: 
We have already started CAPEX in terms of the solar and we believe that the new solar of 3.8 
MW would be commissioned before March 2024. And as far as now Unit-6 we have taken up. 
We have already started site development at Unit-6 that would take probably somewhere 
Financial Year 24-25. 
Aditya Rathi: 
And for Unit-5 of our chemical vertical? 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Punit Makharia: 
That Unit-5 is completely operational Mr. Rathi and we are just waiting for the right opportunity 
and right market conditions to come. Unit 5 is totally completed from our side nothing is 
pending. We have already started this expansion work of Dyes also which you announced in our 
last board meeting that work we have already started, Unit-6 we have already started 3.8 MW 
expansion power plant, solar plant we've already started in terms of Madhya Bharat we have 
already started the modernization and capacity expansion at our Dewanganj site. So, all these 
things have already started, Mr. Rathi. 
Aditya Rathi: 
Thank you so much, that’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Alpha plus Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Parth Kotak: 
I just have two questions. One, if you could provide me with the revenue break up for H1 
between chemicals and fertilisers that would be really helpful? 
Punit Makharia: 
Parth just a second Mr. Deepak is calculating and giving you in next few minutes by the time 
you can go ahead with your second question. 
Parth Kotak: 
Second question is regarding the capacity you mentioned that for Unit-6 we will probably start. 
What would be our total capacity post this CAPEX is implemented? 
Punit Makharia: 
For fertilisers. 
Parth Kotak: 
Yes sir. 
Punit Makharia: 
Unit 6 definitely we are going into the fertiliser sector, but those are the completely different 
products what we have as of now. We are going into this complex NPKs. Though, it is a fertiliser 
segment, but there is a difference of the products like we manufacture existing super phosphate, 
we make the granulated NPK then we make water soluble SOP also like the same way this is a 
different segment in fertiliser business it's a complex NPK. 
Parth Kotak: 
I can see in the investor presentation that we are planning a CAPEX of Rs. 89 crores as 
mentioned, what would be the revenue potential once the front is up and running? 
Punit Makharia: 
See in that total CAPEX, including Madhya Bharat, Kisan and Pushkar total CAPEX which has 
been planned is around Rs. 215 crores and out of Rs. 215 crores CAPEX I'll tell you around Rs. 
80 crores of the CAPEX is for the backward integration that may not generate any top-line 
revenue growth, but definitely that will improve on the bottom line  and for the other it will be 
a this enhancement of the capacity in terms of the complex fertilisers, in terms of the Dyestuff 
and in terms of the SSPs.  

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
So, though I have not calculated Mr. Parth, but I believe we should be able to touch somewhere 
around Rs. 1,400 crores or so in a normal market scenario. This I am telling you without any 
calculation, I'm just giving you out of this intelligence in the last few seconds. 
And secondly the thing which you want fertiliser business is Rs. 89.27 crores on consolidated 
basis and chemical business is Rs. 97.30 crores. 
Parth Kotak: 
That’s very helpful and that’s all from my side and wish you luck for the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshil Solanki from Equitree Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir on the working capital front, we have been maintaining that we want to avoid excess 
inventory and bad debts, but in H1 our inventory and debtors have increased. So, can you explain 
the reason behind this? 
Deepak Beriwala: 
In March 23 total receivables was Rs. 128 crores and in September 23 was Rs. 141 crores. It's 
because due to  start of our Unit-5 project and also the Deewanganj plant, hardly 5% to 7% 
increase in total trade receivables.  
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, inventory has also increased. So, both on account of Unit-5 in Diwanganj. 
Deepak Beriwala: 
Yes 
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, if your perspective on the realizations the volumes we are seeing that they are increasing, 
but any trend on the realization how are you seeing the realization? 
Punit Makharia: 
Realization, if you ask me honestly, I personally believe that as of now, realizations would be in 
a similar kind of level as of now where we are. I personally do not see though we are fighting 
against the wind. We are working against the wind, but then to also we are trying our level best 
to achieve and perform at the most ethical manner and the best way, but you are well aware that 
how the situations are around us. 
And I think that, at least, in next two quarters also performance of the Company in terms of the 
PAT levels will be the similar lines. This is my personal opinion rest the time would tell that we 
should be achieving the same set of numbers as what we did in Q1 and Q2. 
Harshil Solanki: 
And we are fairly confident that we can keep on increasing the volume based on the increased 
capacity? 
Punit Makharia: 
So, we don’t have to do much that is going to happen, but I can tell you one thing very clearly 
in this time we will earn less, make less money that will work, but we should not get stuck 
anywhere, somewhere inventory should not come wrong, somewhere Company money should 
not get stuck because what happens in today’s time what is the customer position is now to judge 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
it’s very difficult and I believe in one particular concept that one wrong decision in the business 
may keep you out of the business for ever. 
So, right now the situation what I see around me is that it is very important to work very 
cautiously and conservatively and sometimes working conservatively is beneficial. So, I am not 
focusing more on profitability. I am more focused on sustainability and stability then we have a 
plenty of time, we have got a good capacity, we have got a good customer network, we have got 
a good business model.  
We are interest free Company; we are debt free Company in the time of recession also we are 
further putting us ourselves on this new expansion. There is a huge opportunity lying but let us 
wait for the right global scenario to come. 
Harshil Solanki:  
Understood sir, that’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Please proceed. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Sir, today my first question is regarding the dyes that we manufacture. I want to understand 
whether these dyes which we manufacture are being used by all sort of fibers that is cotton 
polyester, viscose, woolen etcetera and similarly yarns and fabrics both and then these dyes can 
also be used for some leather or other types of uses. So, kindly give me some understanding 
about it? 
Punit Makharia: 
We basically produce reactive dyes Damani ji and what you said that it’s perfectly for this cotton 
fiber, polyester and the few of the dyes what we produce is not good and not we recommend for 
the polyester also, but as far as the cotton is concerned, linen is concern, we suggest, and we sell 
to all these customers.  
For leather business, we don't make any dyes, acid dyes generally goes for the leather. And as 
far as the reactive is concerned it doesn't go for the leather Damani Ji. Second, I would like to 
add here is that the reason why we are into the reactive dyes is that because the raw materials of 
the reactive dyes are being manufactured by us like dyes intermediates like H Acid, Vinyl 
Sulphone, K acid, Gamma acid and few other intermediates plus whatever the intermediates we 
produce, then there also we have a backward integration of our own acid plant.  
And so whatever acid we produce goes into our dyes intermediates, whatever dyes intermediate 
we produce it goes into the dyestuffs and we call ourselves a zero waste Company. The reason 
being is that whatever the waste acid, spent acid mother liquor, what we generate from the 
intermediate business we use that waste acid in our other ancillary units for the cattle feed 
business and even for the fertiliser business.  
So, what I want to emphasize here is that we are a totally six-staged backward forward integrated 
Company which produces dyes having part of our own energy generation in terms of the solar 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
and as well as our steam pressure turbines what we have. So  this is completely a zero-waste and 
self-sustainable six-staged backward forward this integrated business model.  
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Sir, one more thing about the fact that can I get a figure of sales of cattle feed in last quarter or 
first half if I can? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, that we will post it to you, send it to you through our IR partner Churchgate Partners. Right 
now, we are not having that particular figure with us.  
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Sir, similarly, can we really think of producing some pigments or color for master batches? I 
mean, is it likely to happen or something in your thinking or it is totally? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir that is a different chemistry like pigments and master batches for the plastic business plastic 
industry, there's a different chemistry altogether Damani ji, and more in this context that has a 
separate production facility that requires a separate production facility and a separate set of raw 
materials which have got nothing to do with these dyes intermediates. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Sir, from your own conversation, I heard that Rs. 215 crores are still to be spent from today. Is 
it correct? 
Punit Makharia: 
Right 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
And out of this some amount will go towards solar energy generation that is, some Rs. 20-30 
crores will I think go towards it. The rest of all will go towards creating chemical or fertiliser 
facility? 
Punit Makharia: 
You are right Damani ji.  
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
And lastly sir, Rs. 141 crores debtors I think include our subsidies if any to be received from 
government or subsidies are fully recovered? 
Punit Makharia: 
No subsidies ever recovered fully. It is always outstanding, and it is a continuous process. Our 
total book debt includes subsidies also.  
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Jain from NB Investments. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, my first question is this Unit-6, it is at Ratnagiri, is it meant only for the fertilisers?  
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, we have got a huge land parcel for Unit-6 and initially at this point of time we are developing 
approximately half of the land parcel and the kind of expansion what we are doing in Unit-6 that 
will be covered up in half of the existing land parcel and balance land parcel let us see what we 
put up there, but the whole land parcel will not be going for this expansion. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Rajesh Jain: 
But the existing whatever you're doing, the expansion at Unit-6 is exclusively for fertiliser? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes, as of now. 
Rajesh Jain: 
My second question is you have mentioned that you are also doing expansion in Unit-5 for the 
chemicals vertical. In that you have mentioned maybe more than 50% or whatever the ratio is 
for the backward integration and partly forward integration also? 
Punit Makharia: 
So, you are right.  
Rajesh Jain: 
So, backward is I understood that if you're going to manufacture the products that required to 
make this the dye intermediate our type which currently you are buying from outside? 
Punit Makharia: 
You're right.  
Rajesh Jain: 
But forward integration, would you be able to share as what products we will be making?  
Punit Makharia: 
We will be going into the dyes production, Sir.  
Rajesh Jain: 
But you would be making some more different dyes? 
Punit Makharia: 
We're expanding all our capacities for the dyes. 
Rajesh Jain: 
You are expanding the capacities for the dyes?  
Punit Makharia: 
That’s right. 
Rajesh Jain: 
You said all this Rs. 1,400 crore types of turnover.  
Punit Makharia: 
These are approximately Mr. Jain. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, let us take Rs. 1,300 only, no issues, so that I know that demand is yet to pick up and it is 
becoming very difficult to predict. So, my question was, in spite of that you are taken a decision 
to plan and again expand what gives you confidence to do this? 
Punit Makharia: 
See, Mr. Jain, it's a good question and let me share my personal opinion, my personal view with 
you since I've been into this industry at the age of my 18 years old now I am 53 years old it's has 
been 35 years I've been looking at this industry as a very close outlook.  
Now sir what I personally believe is that we have a very stable and backward integrated, forward 
integrated sustainable business model point number one. Point number two we believe in our 
business what we do and we look edited different angle and I personally believe that it has got a 
huge potential still which has not been explored up till now. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Point number three the major country which are into this sector was China and now India. Entire 
globe focus is on India, China in the last few years has become completely unviable. I remember 
when I used to do these investor con-calls 3 years, 4 years, 5 years back at that time the plenty 
of questions were about the China and the competition from China. Now nobody asked anything 
about China. Everybody knows that China is on an exit mode.  
So, now in the world, none of you neither me, neither you have left wearing colorful clothes and 
to the whole world India is the only supplier. As of now, looking at the current situation there is 
a bit of this conservativeness amongst a common man for it’s purchasing, I also believe in this 
concept that as of now the kind of uncertainty we are looking around us for the last one year first 
about Ukraine and Russia and now about Israel and Hamas you know that a common man get 
scared, common man does not get a right picture of the situation and every person think that 
America will come, Russia will come, China will also come. Common man gets scared this is 
my opinion.  
One common man for buying does not come easily. Though it may not impact us directly our 
business, but definitely this impacts the sentiments of the business. The situation which is 
running probably it will go for next one or two quarter more, but sir there is a substantial potential 
in the business, and we have to believe in it. I look forward that there is a great potential into 
this.  
Though, today we are not achieving the existing capacity plus in the time of recession if you 
have to do any expansion or we have to plan growth then we should do at the time of recession 
it is better because when good time comes then we are sailing into the boat. Now, we have got 
good amount of money lying in our no-lien deposits. We will keep-up generating at least in this 
Financial Year also.  
We are not going to spend in CAPEX investment in a year or immediately. This is also phased 
out for next 12 months to 18 months to accelerate our own money. We are not taking any kind 
of a bank funding or something like that for the CAPEX. We are getting ourselves ready and 
prepared for the next opportunity to come. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir I want to take clarity from you what is the existing uncertainty scenario which is there as you 
have said that inflation is more in Western countries and U.S. Second the two wars which is 
happening it is because of that and third is also that China companies are dumping many 
chemicals in Indian market? 
Punit Makharia: 
Mr. Jain, chemical is a very big sector and the sector in which we are working on and the sector 
which we deal in is specifically dyestuff and dyes intermediates. Sir, there China has got no 
presence. If you look at the import data for the last three years and today’s also right in India 
from China, you will see that China exposure has come down to practically single digit. I am not 
talking about any other products. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
I am not talking about any other product like API intermediate or API pharma, we are not talking 
about that. I am talking about the sectors what we deal into in that China has got hardly any 
impact on our business.  
Rajesh Jain: 
If the impact of war decline and there inflation in Western countries it has been reduced so the 
demand as it comes in our products you feel that we will be on the growth path, is that a correct 
assessment? 
Punit Makharia: 
100%. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, there is no Chinese competition in our product? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, you study the data. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, last thing is the capacity of dyes what we are doing more sir in today it is how much and 
after CAPEX how much it will be? 
Punit Makharia: 
Existingly we have got an installed capacity of 6,000 tons a year which we are achieving around 
65% basis. 
Rajesh Jain: 
How much you are adding in 6,000? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, almost we will be doubling it.  
Rajesh Jain: 
Means we have so much space in Unit-5? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, after this CAPEX the land parcel at Unit-5 would get exhausted everything would have been 
over? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Unit 6 whenever you will decide for the expansion so that you would have enough land bank 
whatever 50% is left what you are saying that is about some 10 acres that we can assume?  
Punit Makharia: 
Yes definitely. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Thank you very much for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Punit Makharia for closing comments. 
Punit Makharia: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on Q2 and H1 FY24 earning call. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Advisors, Churchgate Partners and 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited  
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
we will be happy to address all your queries. Thank you very much and wish you all a Happy 
Diwali and Happy Dhanteras. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference  
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited 
