 
 
Date: November 21, 2023 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: URAVI 
Through NEAPS Portal 
  
 
BSE Limited. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543930 
Through BSE Listing Centre 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 16, 2023 with respect to the 
financial results of quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the Earning Conference Call on with 
respect to the unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023, held on Thursday, November 16, 2023, at 2.00 P.M.  (IST). 
 
   The transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company at 
 https://www.uravilamps.com/financial-results.html 
  
We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
For Uravi T and Wedge Lamps Limited 
  
    
 
 
   Kaushik Damji Gada  
Whole-time Director & CFO  
DIN: 00515876   
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
Enclosed: Transcript of the Earnings call held on November 16, 2023 
Kaushik 
Damji 
Gada
Digitally 
signed by 
Kaushik 
Damji Gada

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited 
Q2 FY ’24 Conference Call” 
November 16, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and the Company website on 16th November 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIRAJ GADA – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- URAVI T & WEDGE 
LAMPS LIMITED 
MR. SIDDHARTH GADA – URAVI T & WEDGE LAMPS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KAUSHAL SHINDE – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited 
Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kaushal Shinde from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Kaushal Shinde: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to Uravi T & Wedge Lamps 
Limited Q2 FY24 Concall. From the management side, we have Mr. Niraj Gada and Mr. 
Siddharth Gada. Now, I would hand over the call to Mr. Niraj Gada, over to you, sir. 
Niraj Gada: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I extend a heartfelt welcome to each one of you joining 
us for the conference call at Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited, where we aim to devolve into 
our exceptional performance during Q2 FY24. 
Before we delve into specific quarter 2 and FY24, allow me to provide a concise review of our 
company and its business model. This will help you all to understand our company better. 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited is the forefront of automotive lamp manufacturing and 
supply sector, showcasing unparalleled expertise in crafting incandescent and wedge-based 
lamps. 
Operating under the esteemed brand name UVAL, we are dedicated to provide tailored 
solutions for both original equipment manufacturers, that we call as a OEM and the 
aftermarket. Our diverse range of automotive lighting products, including stop lights, brake 
lights, taillights, indicator lamps and wedge-based lamps, which are used for instrument 
clusters like speedometers and exemplifies our commitment to excellence. 
With our extensive distribution network spanning India, we actively pursue global expansion 
opportunities through strategic partnerships with leading LED filament lamp manufacturers in 
China and the Philippines. These collaborations underscore our dedication to deliver cutting-
edge solutions to our customers and even for future customers to be. A significant achievement 
for us is being recognized as the largest manufacturer of automotive lamps for instrument 
clusters in India, specifically for instrument clusters. 
Moreover, we proudly hold the second-largest position in automotive signalling and parking 
lamp segments for OEM, reflecting our commitment to meeting the diverse need of current 
automotive two-wheeler industries and four-wheeler industries. In financial year 2023, 
company reported total revenue of INR 3462.06 lakhs, with an EBITDA of INR 552.44 lakhs 
and a profit after tax of INR 86.76 lakhs. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Against the backdrop of thriving Indian auto component industry set to become the world's 
third largest by 2025, our outlook is very optimistic, with component sales to the domestic 
OEM surging by 46% to reach about $27 billion. We anticipate the industry's revenue to hit a 
remarkable USD$200 billion by 2026, providing Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited with 
abundant opportunities for growth. 
Navigating this dynamic landscape with strategic positioning, emphasis on innovation and 
comprehensive product portfolio ensures that we are well-prepared to capitalize on high 
development prospects in all vehicle industry segments, this commitment positions us to thrive 
into the evolving automotive landscape, ensuring sustained growth and success for our 
company. 
Now I will comment on our financial highlights for Q2 and half yearly financial year 2023-
2024. It is evident that Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited has showcased remarkable resilience 
and strategic progress. In Q2 financial year 2024, the company's total revenue witnessed a 
substantial upswing, reaching INR1081.55 lakhs, demonstrating its adaptability in ever-
changing business environment, despite a slight dip in EBITDA of INR193.18 lakhs, the 
robust EBITDA margin at 17.86% reflects the company's operational efficiency. 
The noteworthy surge in net profit after tax to INR57.53 lakhs with PAT margin of 5.32%, 
further emphasizes Uravi's financial strength and sound decision-making. The positive 
trajectory ends to an EPS of climbing to INR0.32 in quarter 2 of financial year 2023 to 
INR0.52 in Q2 of financial year 2024. 
Looking ahead to Q2 of financial year 2024, Uravi's optimistic outlook is grounded in its 
strong Q2 performance and strategic initiative geared towards industry prominence. The 
company's consistent growth and financial stability position is favourably for continued 
success and in the dynamic market landscape. 
Turning our attention to half yearly financial year 2024, Uravi's impressive total revenue of 
INR1,976.05 lakhs, up from last year's INR1,832.40 lakhs in half year financial year 2023, 
underscores sustained growth. The increased EBITDA of INR 356.39 lakhs, coupled with 
improved EBITDA margin of 18.064%, reflects sound financial management. 
The profit after tax for FY24 is at INR119.49 lakhs with PAT margin of 6.05% signifies robust 
possibility and profitability. The upward trajectory of earning per share from INR0.82 in half 
year financial year 2023, to INR1.095 in half year financial year 2024, solidifies Uravi's 
financial success. 
In summary, Uravi's commendable financial performance in half year financial year 2024, 
coupled with its strategic initiatives, highlights its dedication to excellence as a trusted supplier 
to Tier 1 partners of major OEMs, mainly two-wheeler OEMs all across India. Uravi continues 
to be a preferred supplier, emphasising in its commitment to delivering top-quality products in 
the market. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Before we dwell into the question-and-answer session, I want to express my sincere gratitude 
to all our stakeholders for being an integral part of our growth journey. Your support and 
involvement have played a crucial role in our success, and we genuinely appreciate your 
valuable contribution. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for question and answer. Thank you once again for 
your presence and continued support. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prakash Jaiswal from Sree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Jaiswal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, sir. Sir, my first question is can you brief us about our product 
portfolio, any plan to expand and diversify the same? 
Niraj Gada: 
Hi, Prakashji. Product portfolio as I – here's my brief, we are into mainly two-wheeler 
segment. We cater to all major two-wheeler segment of Indian Automotive industry where we 
are major supplier for speedometer lamps. Then we do supply indicator lamps that is signalling 
lamp for left and right and brake light. 
So as of now, our Indian automotive industry is manufacturing somewhere around 1.5 million 
to 1.9 million two-wheelers per month and average speedometer lamps are required per vehicle 
is around 5 to 6 lamps. So, this is the market potential and we are one of the largest 
manufacturers of speedometer lamps in India. So, this is our product for incandescent lamps. 
We do cater to OEMs for speedometer LED lighting, which we are under approval and under 
the process of approval for major OEMs. That would be the LEDs for features. And we are 
also developing with some joint collaboration future LED requirements of two wheelers and 
basically some key e-bikes also. 
Prakash Jaiswal: 
Okay. And sir, who are our key clients and how much do we contribute to our revenue? 
Niraj Gada: 
We have like as I said our major clients are all two-wheeler industries like our major clients 
are Bajaj Auto Limited, Hero Motocorp, TVS, then we do cater to Yamaha for speedometer 
lamps and there are many other small players also who are supplying to OEM, many other 
OEMs like Tata Motors also they are doing, they are doing to Mahindra's also. So, all these are 
our client customers, to whom we supply our lamps through Tier 1 vendors like Lumax, then 
we have Minda, Uno Minda, then we have Varroc Engineering. These are our direct 
customers. 
Prakash Jaiswal: 
Okay. And are there any long-term contract or agreement with the key clients? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes. So, the system works like that. All the OEMs which I mentioned, like Bajaj Auto, Hero, 
Yamaha TVS, we have to approach OEM with our lamps and they will be testing our lamps. 
They will be finalizing all the commercials with our lamps. And then they will decide on 
which vehicle, Uravi's lamp will be fitted. Once they allocate, then they will ask their Tier 1 
vendors, which are their direct vendors, with a fixed SOB. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Like, they will, depending upon our quality, price and performances, they will ask the Tier 1 
vendor to buy this much SOB from Uravi. So, these are the long-term things because OEM 
lamp approving process is long. That is somewhere around one and a half, two years process 
where you have to approve a lamp. Because, you know, some lamps have a life cycle of one 
thousand hours. I am sure if you have a two-wheeler, you will never remember changing your 
speedometer lamps. So, that is the life cycle of the lamp. 
 
So, all this lamp has to go through all this approval process, which is about one thousand 
hours, one thousand five hundred hours in some cases. So, these two years of testing 
procedure, once that is complete, then all the OEMs will ask their Tier 1 vendors to undergo a 
purchasing system and they will define our SOBs and commercials. 
Prakash Jaiswal: 
Okay. And, sir, what is your current capacity and its utilization? 
Niraj Gada: 
Sorry, can you just repeat your question, please? 
Prakash Jaiswal: 
Our current capacity and its utilization? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, currently, we have a plant based in Mumbai and there is a place called Kathua in Jammu 
and Kashmir, where we have two plants, and one plant is in Mumbai. So, currently, we are 
utilizing Mumbai around 70% in certain products. In certain products, we are using 75%.  And 
in Kathua also, it is somewhere around 70%-75% of our capacity utilization. In specific 
products, we have a capacity utilization of about 45%-50%. 
Prakash Jaiswal: 
Okay. And sir, what is your plan for expansion and any effects in the coming year? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes. We intent to grow and have some technical collaboration in terms of LED, where we are 
almost closing the discussion with our technical partners who are in China. And they are one 
of the major LED manufacturers for automotive as well as housing. And we do have some tie-
up with the Philippines companies for housing lighting, that is, home lighting LEDs. So, we 
are trying to come out with a product for LEDs in shorter futures, mainly for indicator lamps 
for two-wheelers that will be our target. 
 
And, as I told in my script, LED speedometer is already under development and under testing 
with some of the OEMs. So, once the test approval will come, then we will start supplying of 
the LEDs. Secondly, we do intend to venture into EV because EV is going to be the future 
thing. So, we do have plans and we are already tied up with some of the companies for 
prototype development of EV chargers, which I think we will also be launching soon in the 
near future once we are satisfied with the approvals and testing at our end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmaye Rane from Kojin Finvest. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Rane, your line is unmuted. You may please ask your question. As the current questioner has 
dropped the queue, we will take the next question from the line of Anupama Bhootra from 
Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Anupama Bhootra: 
My question is regarding the supply to – directly to OEM and small players. So, what is the 
differential margin when you supply to OEM directly and when you supply to small players 
who in turn supply to OEM? So, this is my question one. 
Niraj Gada: 
Okay. So, first I will answer your question, Anupama. Thank you for joining. So, your 
question, if I am understanding correct, is what is the commercial, what we supply to OEM 
and the smaller players, something like that? 
Anupama Bhootra: 
Right, right, right. So, margins, is there any difference in the margins when you supply directly 
to OEM vis-a-vis you supply to small players and in turn they supply to OEM? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, as I told earlier, all the testing, technical are approved by OEMs and the commercial is also 
finalized by OEM. So, whenever we approach a new OEM, then they will first check our 
lamps, all kinds of lamps. Application they will then put the lamps to the bikes and vehicles as 
well two-wheeler and that they have a cycle of testing for certain period of time. Once that is 
done, then we are discussing commercial with them. 
 
So, in commercial, they will finalize our share of business and that is the final price we have to 
build to all these Tier 1 vendors, which are our direct customers. So, commercially, Tier 1 
doesn't, they don't play any role. Of course, if Tier 1 requires any specific lamps, which are not 
for OEMs, but they're different products like Lumex is exporting somewhere or CM is doing 
export somewhere or CM is doing their aftermarket sales where they are supplying retail kits 
to us, then they will raise a different PO to us, which is non-OEM and there the pricing are 
different.  Where we have a different set of price for them. 
Anupama Bhootra: 
Okay. Okay. If you can quantify a little bit on OEMs and non-OEM margin, is that possible? 
Niraj Gada: 
Like OEM products are the lamps which we produce and which we supply directly to Tier 1 
and which are in line going to be fitted in OEM. It's something like which works on day-to-day 
basis like on [inaudible 0:19:10]. The direct customers, which we do retail, these are the 
different segments of the product where the margins are entirely different. 
 
Because retail, where there are specific lamps, which has like we have already started LED 
headlamps, which we supply to our retail like we have a networking in Delhi, Punjab, 
Haryana, Telangana, Bangalore, Kerala, Pune, Maharashtra, and all other states. Where these 
products have a different set of margins. The margins are compared to higher than what we 
have a regular business of OEM. OEM has a result showing somewhere around 6%-7% at our 
current operating levels we are having margin of PAT. 
Anupama Bhootra: 
Okay. So, my second question is about replacement market. So, what kind of lifespan your 
product has and what kind of it can elaborate on your replacement business, replacement 
market business? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes. So, replacement market in India is a different product altogether. Like you can see 
automotives with very bright headlights, which will affect while you are driving or crossing. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
You can see, so these are non-regulated lamps, which are not -- OEM will not be using this, 
but the market demand sometimes has a specific kind of lamps. 
So, these all lamps have a different production base, production facilities. Like in headlamps, 
we do LED headlamps, we do halogens as well. Halogens we are manufacturing here, LEDs 
also we are assembling here. Then there are retrofit kind of LEDs signalling lamps, which are 
also available in market. Where you have to just remove your original company fitted lamps 
and you can just replace it with the same type of fitting and that is an LED retrofit lamps. 
 
So, these are the things which are available in OEMs and non-OEMs, that is the replacement 
market. So, Uravi is catering to all these needs. We do have a range of halogens headlamps. 
We do have a range of LED headlamps. We have a range of retrofit signalling. We have a 
range of speedometer LEDs and there are LEDs in two wheelers next to your headlamp, which 
are called as a parking light. And then there are some lamps which are used above your 
number plates. Those are also bought by them. They have a small demand, but that is a big 
demand. 
 
Then in rainy season, there are specific demands with what you call as a fishering and all. And 
where they do the maintenance of their boats and things. Then in North India, during winter, 
now we will have a specific gold lamp in halogens, which will be in demand for two months, 
three months for this fog and all. 
So, OEM is very segmented and very different kind of market and very organized, but 
replacement market is entirely different, but each state has its own kind of demand and own 
kind of preferences, depending upon the geographical and economical positions. 
Anupama Bhootra: 
Okay, so thank you so much for that answer. And so lastly, one more question. If you can just 
give us like outlook, what is the goal of the company going forward, maybe over three years to 
four years and some kind of guidance in terms of revenue or margins? Are the current margins 
sustainable or do you think that the margins will expand going forward? So, any kind of 
guidance or any kind of outlook where the company is focusing and what are its targets over 
three years to four years? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes, sure. One-by-one. The thing is now, as I told you, there are about 1.5 million to 1.9 
million vehicles per month, which is our main market for two-wheeler lamps. And out of 
which the Hero is producing, Hero Moto is producing somewhere around 500,000, Bajaj 
somewhere around 400,000, TVS 300,000. Honda is somewhere around 500,000 and the other 
small players and EV is somewhere around 100,000 a month and other small players, 
Mahindra two-wheeler is there, Piaggio is there, those are around 200,000, 300,000. 
So, Uravi, at present is catering to all these except Honda. So, our first target is like what we 
did is in this quarter 2, we could -- one OEM, I will not be able to tell specific name, but one 
OEM we could convince them with our performance and supply commitment and they have 
increased our SOB from 20% to 80% and which is implemented from September 2023. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
So, Uravi is looking forward to good growth in sales in the next quarter and the quarter next 
week. So, we are expecting a good sales growth because of this one OEM, which has given us 
a good support and have a commitment also. So, that is going to be the main part for this 
financial year. We have already entered discussion with Honda where we have a limited 
presence for allowing us to test and supply. So, if Honda will come then we are expecting 
around 20%, 25% SOB from Honda also, which is a sizable SOB. So, that we are targeting for 
the year after April 2024 onwards. 
So, in that financial year, we are targeting to enter Honda motorcycles and get business from 
them. And eventually within couple of years, we are targeting Honda SOB to be around 50% 
with us and maintaining all these customers who are already have trust in us and who are 
already buying from us. 
Secondly, as I told, EV thing is going to be a future looking at the -- so, every winter we talk 
about pollution and then we forget but now it is going to be government starts to reduce 
emission and they are going to promote EV, but we are looking every day. So, Uravi has 
already started developing EV chargers for two wheelers and we are in discussion with some 
OEMs who are willing to try and I think the next financial year, we are going to pick some 
business in this segment also and as I told LED also. 
So, what I am quite optimistic about these three years, four years which are going to come 
which would be see a lot of change from and the company is going to diversify from 
incandescent which is of course going to be a strong segment of revenue and we are going to 
add revenues from LEDs and EV segment along with some additional customer base like 
Honda and also [inaudible 0:26:58]. So, I am quite optimistic on that and we have already 
started our journey for that. I hope I have answered your question. 
Anupama Bhootra: 
Yes. And if I may, can I ask one more question or I will join back the queue? 
Niraj Gada: 
No, no. It's okay. Please. 
Anupama Bhootra: 
So, just to understand, what are the companies most or USPs to combat competition because 
this space is very competitive. So, for Uravi, what is that USP or what are the most where you 
think that you can combat -- you can fight the competition and the OEMs are going to be like 
for a longer term, they will stay with you? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, we started our industry in 2008 and as I told you it takes around 2.5 years, three years 
initially for us to develop and approve our first lamp. So, our first lamp was approved in 2012 
and since 2012 to 2023, we have been going with the same OEMs because there are about five 
to six major OEMs in India as well as there are about three players -- major players for 
supplying lamps like halogens and incandescent to all OEMs.  
So, though the market is quite competitive but we have a strategic location where we are very 
near to OEM because OEM will prefer always the units which are near to them and they are 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
producing locally where they have a control in inventory and quality. So, we do have that 
strategic advantage while we do have a base here in Mumbai where we are catering to Pune 
which is a major automotive hub, and we have a plant in Kathua which is in J&K but quite 
near to Pathankot and highway. So, we do cater there to the northern segment, which is Delhi, 
Gurgaon and Pantnagar, which is again major hub to India, major automotive hub. 
In Hosur, we have a strategic logistic tie up where we are having our stock building and 
logistic is taking care. So, Hosur is also being a major automotive hub where we all have. So, 
in all, all these facilities will help OEM to provide them support as and when required with the 
quality. Of course, OEM as you understand automotive OEM what we are having Bajaj Chetak 
to now what we have Pulsar, you can see how much quality is demanded and how much up 
gradation of quality has been done. 
 
So, OEM will always give reference to Uravi, where we have the major quality supplier to all 
the OEMs. And secondly, we do have a very comfortable relation with OEM and we do cater 
and support them as and when required. So, these last 10 years record if you can see, OEM has 
always trusted us and given us more-and-more SOBs. Like I said last month also in September, 
we could get major boost in our SOBs from one major OEM. Thank you.  
Anupama Bhootra: 
Okay, sir. That’s helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Shah from Kojin Finvest. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Yes. Hi. First of all, congratulations on good set of numbers and I have two questions, two 
three questions related to your expansion in the EV. So, exactly what we are planning to do in 
the EV charging segment? Are we setting up a charger, manufacturing charger or are we 
planning to do some charging network with tie up with some OEMs? So, exactly what we are 
doing it? 
Niraj Gada: 
And what would be your second question?  
Vaibhav Shah: 
Second question is related to the cost related to this expansion. Have we done any capex in 
this? And if not, what will be the quantum of capex that we are looking for? And by when it 
will be available in the market for the consumption or whatever is your plan or chargers or 
anything? So, these are the three questions. 
Niraj Gada: 
So, Vaibhavji, I will first answer your first question. So, specifically, you have asked for EVs. 
So, yes, we are already developing a prototype of EV chargers, which is on board and off 
board chargers, both types. So, on board charger is charger which comes with the vehicle, off 
board charger which is mounted. And when you leave your vehicle, it is going to be charged 
on it. This is a fast charger. 
And on-board charger is a charger which comes with the vehicle. So, we are developing these 
chargers with the strategic tie up, which we will be able to announce in the due course of time 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
once we are satisfied with and we have completed the discussion. But we have already started 
developing this prototype and we are expecting the prototype to come in a couple of months. 
And then again, of course, it would be then given to OEMs. The OEMs are helping us to 
develop as well because of their interest. 
We will be being a small and medium sized company which has got a significant cost 
advantage compared to other big players in this segment. So, OEMs are also helping us to 
develop this and we are expecting the first prototype to come in a couple of months where it 
would be again given to OEM for testing and it would be tested on and off the vehicle again. 
So, it is going to take about five, six months. And then we will be, of course during that time, 
we will be ready with production base in India and we will be producing for this. 
 
Of course, for the capex, we have already discussed for capex with some of the institutions 
which are willing to invest in this segment. And as I told you, we have already developed the 
prototype. So, we are almost done with the major capex part. But there would be a capex in 
terms of testing facilities. There would be some capex as we get more business. The second 
part of the capex will come in enhancement of production. 
Like we have -- we are targeting somewhere around 5% to 10% of the market size for this 
financial year, the coming financial year. And after that, we are going to target about 25% to 
30% more. So, for that, again, for next year, we will be doing some capex which would be for 
enhancing production capacities and maybe a little bit of auto-automization of that. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay. So, currently OEMs are manufacturing the chargers on their own or do they have any 
tie-up? How is the scenario with the current OEMs? So, I think Honda, Hero not Hero and 
TVS are the major OEMs which are actively into EVs which already they are clients. So, how 
is the current scenario for their charger manufacturing? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, EV segment, these are the major OEMs and there are many small players as well who were 
not regulated before but now they are regulated because there are some bikes and two-
wheelers which are below speed limit. They also need chargers. And there are certain OEMs 
like you said, there is Honda, there is Ather, Ola, TVS, Bajaj. They also are manufacturing. So, 
as I said, all these OEMs will be testing the chargers and then they will be supplying it along 
with their vehicle. 
One is the onboard which will be fitted and off-board will be supplied along with the vehicle. 
That is how when you buy an EV, the chargers will come together. One will be in your garage 
and one will be mounted in your vehicle there you can just that. So, OEM will procure from 
the third party and they will do their own testing and approval. Like they do for lamps, like 
they do for silencers, like they do and they assemble and they approve.  
Vaibhav Shah: 
Got it, got it. So, on speaking about this topic only, so you have mentioned that you are having 
some tie-ups, strategic tie-ups. So, I don't want to understand and I don’t the name but is this 
Indian player or a foreign player with whom we have a tie-up? 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Niraj Gada: 
So, there are mix because for certain products, we have tie-ups with foreign where the major 
technologies involved, certain players are like the body part and all that we have developed in 
India. So, there is a mix. It's not a specific person is going to make specific. We have been 
connected with major other players who are developing this part for us and then we are 
assembling the prototype again at the third party which is in India. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay, okay. And my last question because I am in flight, it is about to take off. So, what is the 
growth you see in this segment for next like said two to three years down the line? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, currently you are talking about only EV or all type of chargers?  
Vaibhav Shah: 
Only EV. 
Niraj Gada: 
Only EV. So, EV is Very, sorry? 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Then EV charging segment that you are planning, that growth only I want to know. 
Niraj Gada: 
So, EV segment for four wheelers and two wheelers are going to be, as everybody knows EV 
is future. So, currently what I understand that roughly somewhere around 50,000 to 80,000 
organized sector is manufacturing and 20,000 vehicles are being manufactured by small 
players, that is EV. This segment is going to grow somewhere around 500,000 in couple of 
years per month. 
 
I am talking about all these figures per month. So, the demand for this would be somewhere 
around, you can anticipate every year it is going to grow by somewhere around 35% to 40% 
conservative or 70% optimistically. 
Vaibhav Shah: 
Okay, okay sir. Thank you so much. 
Niraj Gada: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Chinmaye Rane from Kojin Finvest. 
Please go ahead. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Yes, congratulations for the great set of numbers. I have two questions that you were 
discussing about the EV. So, the EV plan would be, will you be having the same, in the same 
current setup which we have in Mumbai or maybe in the Jammu and Kashmir or you are 
planning to have a separate setup close proximity to the clients which you are approaching to? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes. So, initially as I told we are targeting for next year somewhere around 5% of market share 
where we have enough capacity in the same area where we are located. So, some parts are 
going to be produced where we are developing prototype and some parts are then finalizing 
and finishing would be done. 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
And our Mumbai plant and some for North Indian segment, North India automotive, it would 
be done in our Kathua plant. So, that would be for only for the next year. Once we have and 
simultaneously we have enough area and land available in our Kathua where we are targeting 
our next expansion for EV. So, that would be our major hub for EV producing there for 
coming two years where we will be expecting around 20% more or 25% more market share 
compared to what we will have next year. That is about 5%. 
So, yes, initially it would be at some places where we will be making a prototype or then 30%-
40% and some places we will be finishing but eventually in couple of years entire production 
line would be set up in Kathua, J&K. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Do we have any tax benefits having a setup over there? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes, Kathua do have tax benefit. There is a GST benefit, then there is a capex benefit, subsidy 
is there, then there is a energy cost is less. So, these are the benefits, strategic benefits and they 
have got a major GST benefit as well. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Okay. And for this planned EV project which you are planning to have it in the next year, what 
kind of capex, you are looking into? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, as I told we have already done major capex and you need numbers? 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Yes, what is the quantum you are saying till date and what is your projected to do? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, now we have already done the capex like the tie-ups where we will be producing 
prototype. So, the capex would be somewhere around INR2.5 crores to INR3 crores for testing 
equipment which we have already identified and we are simultaneously trying to procure the 
same along with our prototype when it is being developed. And once the prototype is out and 
our testing order is going to be completed in couple of months, that would be our first capex 
for this accounting year, this financial year. 
And next financial year, where we will be producing or ordering mainly it would be 
somewhere around INR10 crores, where we will be having assembly line in Kathua. Those are 
the numbers in Indian Rupees. So, somewhere around, you say INR2.5 crores in this financial 
year and INR10 crores in next financial year. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Okay, and how it will be funded? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, we have couple of institutions who have given us primary note for investing and giving us 
this, of course by debt only. So, they are going to give us this. We will not be approaching any 
other institution or any other method currently. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Okay. Coming back to our existing business, I just want to understand that we have clients like 
Bajaj, we have TVS, we have Hero MotoCorp and Honda and all. So, how much of their 
requirement is met by us currently? 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Niraj Gada: 
Can you come again? I had understood, what you said is all these OEMs and their requirement 
and what you asked? 
Chinmaye Rane: 
What are their requirements? Like suppose they are manufacturing the 1,00,000 lamps, they 
require the 1,00,000 lamps. So, how much of their requirement is met by us like 40%, 50%? 
So, what is our contribution in their requirement? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, currently as I said, for instrument clusters, that is speedometer, you can consider us to be 
somewhere around 80% of the total market share of India. Indicator lamps, signalling lamps, 
we have somewhere around 50%-55% market share compared in India for all the two-
wheelers. And four-wheelers, we have very marginal because four-wheelers, they would be, 
they are mainly into LEDs now, not incandescent. So, for incandescent, it is mainly two-
wheelers now which are used. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Okay. In our revenues, how much the OEMs contribute and how much the replacement market 
contribute? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, replacement market, we are somewhere around 3% of our total turnover and 97% is OEM. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
So, generally we are into OEMs only? 
Niraj Gada: 
Yes, OEMs. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
So, would that cause any pressure on the margins or how are the margins outlook? 
Niraj Gada: 
So, when the volume is there, then like the margins are comfortable, we can say, with OEMs. 
In aftermarket, it is the replacement market, margins are there, but it is a product specific 
wherein some product margins are thin, some products the margins are high. So, it is average. 
And it takes time to grow the replacement market. We have just ventured last year and now we 
have introduced a lot of products and we have made dealers, distribution. 
So, I think within a couple of years, we will have a significant presence in each and every shop 
and you will be able to see, you will everywhere. Specifically, when we will start EV as well, 
EV chargers and we will do this LEDs for four-wheelers as well. Then you will be able to see 
our company's presence all across India. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
And the last question, are we looking to export like increasing our presence in the countries 
like the Middle East, UAE or Singapore like? 
Niraj Gada: 
Mainly, we have targeted South America as a major customer base where we have identified 
our product demand is going to be. So, what we have done is, we have started appointing 
somebody in North America and Canada where they will be able to -- agent kind of things 
where they will be visiting South American countries. As you know, all Indian OEMs in two-
wheelers, they have one or two plants in -- some are having in Brazil, some are in Venezuela, 

 
 
Uravi T & Wedge Lamps Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
some are in South Africa. So, there we have a good presence because they know what UL is 
and it comes with Indian bikes. 
Like you see Iran, Iran is a very major two-wheeler hub where Pulsar is a major selling bike. 
So, they know UL. So, these are the export but currently, let me tell you, we do have, we are 
developing Honda to be our next vendor. So, we are just locking our production capacity for 
Honda right now. Once we have adequate capacity for export, we will be targeting those areas, 
not currently. 
Chinmaye Rane: 
Okay, that's really a great information, sir. Thank you and I'll come back in the queue. 
Niraj Gada: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Kaushal Shinde for closing comments. 
Kaushal Shinde: 
Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of Uravi T and Wedge Lamps Limited. If 
you have any query, you can write to us at info@kirinadvisors.com. Once more, thank you 
everyone for joining the conference. 
Niraj Gada: 
Thank you. Thank you everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
