111J➔   1Q()'6tf c:06 !\,f1"4tf R;f ffl2# 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders 
& Engineers Ltd. 
(m«T -l-Rct5Fl cp( 34a5cFt, <"cffl" ct1?1lc1ll) 
(A Government of India Undertaking, Minis.try of Defence ) 
CIN NO.: L35111WB1934GOI007891 
SECY/GRSE/BD-69/AM/01/23-24 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: GRSE 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
28 Aug 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 542011 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst Meet/Con Call for Q1 FY 23-24 cf GRSE - Reg 30 
1.
Further 
to 
our 
Intimation 
Letter 
No. 
SECY/GRSE/BD-69/AM/01/23-24 
dated
16 Aug 2023, we wish to inform that Conference Call was held on Tuesday, 22nd August, 2023
at 15.30 Hrs. to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter ended
301h June, 2023.
2.
In this regard and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with para A of Part A of Schedule Ill of
the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Analyst/Conference Call for Q1 FY
2023-24 of the Company is enclosed herewith.
3.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully, 
For Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited 
Sandeep Mahapatra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. ACS 10992 
ci.:Jl<f>H ñ f,·-ttlHM cfi14lM4: '1ftam-t , 61,ò -ml m-, cfilMcfilHl-700 024 
Registered & Corporate Office: GRSE Bhavan, 61, Garden Reach Road, Kolkata - 700 024 
ó I Fax : 033-2469 8150,  !/Telephone :033-2469 8105 - 108 
Web : www.grse.in, E-mail : co.sec@grse.co.in
SANDEEP 
MAHAPATRA
Digitally signed by 
SANDEEP MAHAPATRA 
Date: 2023.08.28 
16:01:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 22nd, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
1. 
Cmde P.R. Hari, IN (Retd) – Chairman & Managing Director 
2. 
Shri R.K. Dash – Director Finance & CFO, Director (Personnel) (Additional Charge) 
3. 
Shri Sandeep Mahapatra – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited 
Q1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
August 22, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Michelle, moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to the conference call of Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers Limited arranged by 
Concept Investor Relations to discuss its Q1 FY2024. 
 
 
We have with us today, Cmde P. R. Hari, Indian Navy (Retired), Chairman & Managing Director 
and Shri RK Dash, Director (Finance) & CFO. 
 
 
At this moment, all participants are in listen‐only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-
answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on your touchtone 
telephone. Please note this conference call is being recorded. 
 
 
I would now like to hand the floor to Cmde P.R. Hari, Chairman and Managing Director.  Thank 
you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Michelle. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good afternoon to each one of you. I am 
Commodore P. R. Hari - Chairman & Managing Director - GRSE. And with me, I have here Shri 
R. K. Dash, Director (Finance) and the Chief Finance Officer, and Shri Sandeep Mahapatra, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
At the outset, let me thank each one of you for taking time out to attend our earnings call to 
discuss Q1 FY '24 results. FY '24 has started on a very vibrant note for GRSE with the shipyard 
recording the best ever quarterly results in the history of the company.  
 
 
Before I elaborate on the financial results, I shall touch-up on few of the highlights of our 
physical performance during the quarter. As far as ship deliveries are concerned, we have 
delivered one vessel, a passenger-cum-cargo ferry to the Cooperative Republic of Guyana, and 
the formal delivery was held on 23rd of April 2023.  
 
 
As far as the project milestones go, we launched three warships during the quarter with two 
ships being launched on a single day that is 13th of June 2023, the third Anti‐Submarine Shallow 
Watercraft and the fourth Survey Vessel Large. 
 
 
I am also happy to inform you that we concluded a contract with the Indian Navy for 10 number 
30 mm naval surface gun with an order value of approximately ₹250 crore.  
 
 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
 
We have also launched an all India start-up challenge competition GAINS 2023, GRSE 
Accelerated Innovation Nurturing Scheme basically to tap the start-up ecosystem of the nation 
to enhance the efficiency of the shipyard in new technology adaption. This was done on 22nd 
May 2023.  
 
 
Again, happy to inform you that we have launched an underwater autonomous vessel. This was 
done by the Chairman DRDO, Defence Research and Development Organization, and Secretary 
R&D during the last call. We have also signed a Memorandum of Understanding with 
Kongsberg, Finland for localization of Water Jets for the ships being constructed by GRSE and 
the other shipyard for the Navy and the Coast Guard.  
 
 
Arguably, the most important event in the history of the shipyard, the launch of a major 
warship by the Honorable President of India was held as recently as 17th of August 2023. On 
this day, the third P17 Alpha Ship ‘Dunagiri’ was launched.  
 
 
As far as our order book position goes, as on 30th of June 2023, our order book stands at a 
healthy ₹24,546 crore. This comprises of six projects including four projects for the Indian Navy. 
These four projects comprised of 19 warships, three P17 Alpha, 10 frigates, 8 Anti‐ Submarine 
Shallow Watercraft, 4 Next‐Generation Ocean‐Going Patrol vessel, and 4 Survey Vessel Large.  
 
 
In addition, as had stated during the last conference call too that we are constructing an electric 
ferry for the Government of Bangladesh and Patrol Vessel project for Government of West 
Bengal.  
 
 
As on date, the order book value of the P17 Alpha Project, which forms a major chunk of our 
order book, is ₹13,745 crore, ASW Shallow Watercraft Project Comprising of 8 Ships 
contributing to ₹5,438 crore and the Next‐Generation Ocean‐Going Patrol Vessels ₹3,400 crore 
and the survey vessel around ₹1,300 crore.  
 
 
Our ship repair segment has also taken off in a very positive manner, and we have concluded 
two refits of Coast Guard ships during Q1 of FY '24.  
 
 
As far as the execution plans of the ongoing projects goes, based on our build strategy and the 
current project progress, the P17 Alpha ships are expected to be delivered from mid - 2025 to 
mid - 2026. The first ship is planned to be delivered by August 2025, and the third ship is 
planned to be delivered during August 2026.  
 
 
As far as the Survey Vessel Large project is concerned, the first ship is currently undergoing the 
contractor feed trial. That means it is reaching a project maturity level wherein the ship is being 
ready for trial and delivery. We intend to deliver this ship by the end of this calendar year, and 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
 
the second ship during early 2024. The third and the fourth ships are expected to be delivered 
during FY '25.  
 
 
As regards to the ASW Shallow Watercraft Project is concerned, out of 8 ships, 3 ships have 
already been launched, and we intend launching one more vessel during the current calendar 
year and two more vessels during the last quarter of the current financial year, that is early 
2024.  
 
 
We intend delivering first ASW Shallow Watercraft during the current financial year. It is 
expected to be delivered between February and March 2024. As far as the progress of this 
entire project is concerned, we intend to complete this project by FY '27.  
 
 
The Next‐Generation Electric Ferry project is going on smoothly, and the vessel is planned to 
be delivered in the current calendar year, perhaps towards the end of the current calendar 
year. Both the projects, the Next Generation 
 
As we aware, the Next‐Generation Ocean‐Going Patrol Vessel contract was signed on 30th April 
of this year. We started on the positive note and we intend for starting production during the 
current quarter.  
 
 
The 30mm Naval Surface Gun project is also going on fine, and we intend to complete this 
project during FY '24-'25. This in a nutshell gives you an overview of our physical performance, 
our order book position and the execution plan of the current order book. 
 
 
Coming to our financial performance, as we had stated, Q1 results have been the best in the 
history of the company with both the revenue from operations and the profit after tax touching 
new heights. Year-on-year, revenue from operations have gone up by 30% from ₹579 crore to 
₹756 crore, and our total income from ₹620 crore to ₹826 crore, there is a rise of 33%.  
 
 
EBITDA, a 57% rise resulting in a value of ₹116 crore, and the profit after tax going up by 64% 
from ₹50.18 crore to ₹76.68 crore.  
 
 
Our margins during the quarter have also been encouraging, and the earnings per share have 
gone up from 4.3 to 6.69. From the investor perspective, the market capitalization has gone up 
from ₹2,568 crore as on 31st March 2023 to ₹6,590 crore.  
 
 
So, on the whole, both the physical performance and the results of the physical performance 
I.e. the financial performance have been good during Q1. 
 
 
So, with that, I end my introductory address. Now I am open for any questions that you have. 
 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask questions may please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on their touchtone phone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question que you may press ‘*’ and ‘2’. Ladies and Gentleman we 
will wait for a moment while the question que assembles. 
 
 We will take the first question from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Thank you for this opportunity, Sir, if you could help us on P17 Alpha, what is the physical 
progress for individual vessels? How is this expected to see the execution trajectory over the 
next two to three years? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Mr. Natarajan. P17 Alpha, as I had mentioned, is our main project. That is our main 
revenue earner. And as from 30th of June and I had mentioned, approximately ₹13,700 crore 
order book value was remaining for execution. As far as the physical progress is concerned, the 
first ship, that is the ship which was launched last to year has year now crossed 55% of physical 
progress, that is as on 30th of June. And currently, we are almost at 58% of physical progress. 
With the second ship is at around 47%, and the third ship, which was at 32% as on 30th of June. 
The 3rd ship has now been launched as stated on 17th of August with approximately 37 plus 
percentage of physical progress.  
 
 
Now, all these ships are in advanced stage of construction, and now we will move on to the 
outfitting phase where the equipment that has been lowered will be installed and buttoned up 
and the over next two to three years as now we are in 2023, the first ship is expected to be 
delivered in mid—2025, and the second ship in early 2026 and the third ship during mid-2026. 
We are targeting August, September 2026. So, this in a nutshell gives you an overview of the 
P17 Alpha project.  
 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, on the Anti-Submarine Shallow Watercraft, can you help us to understand, how the 
revenue execution expected this year and next year? Also, on NGOPV, what will be their 
numbers looking like? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
As far as the ASW Shallow Watercraft Project is concerned, now this project comprises of eight 
vessels and as I had mentioned, three of these vessels have already been launched. And as on 
30th of June, we have around ₹5,400 plus crore order book value remaining.  
 
 
Now, we intend to be delivering the first of these ships in the current financial year and two of 
these ships during the next financial year, and intend to completing this project by FY '27. That 
means between 2023 and '27, all the eight ships will be delivered. 
 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Now, the three ships which have been launched are currently undergoing the outfitting stage, 
and this is when the equipment get lowered and so will the revenue will increase. So, if you 
want a ballpark assessment of the revenue accrual, this ₹5,400-odd crore will be exhausted in 
the next four years with 2025 being the peak year from this particular project.  
 
Rohit Natarajan: 
But when I look at the quarter-on-quarter also some improvement as in it has not really moved 
as such, because last quarter we had ₹5,500 crore which is down only to ₹5,400 crore. So, it's 
not a 1.5% per month kind of a linear projections that we should build in.  
 
Shri R. K. Dash: 
Absolutely, it's a very interesting question. It doesn't work in a ship building which I have tried 
explaining that in ship building, the revenue accrual is not a linear, it doesn't follow a linear 
pattern. It depends upon what stage of construction the ship is. The maximum revenue accrual 
is when a ship crosses 40% and then moves up to 60% where the equipment gets lowered. Now 
we are in a stage where the three ships which have been launched already, they have started 
giving revenue. So, you are absolutely right when we have gone down from around ₹5,500 
crore to ₹5,400 crore. This means we would have just in the last quarter taken just about ₹100 
crore from this project which signals likely to remain the same even in the next quarter. But in 
the third and fourth quarter you will see a sharp rise in this when the next few ships come to 
this level of maturity.  
 
 
So, to answer your question, in shipbuilding, revenue accrual does not form a linear pattern. 
Purely depends upon the type and the phase in which the ship is under construction. Now this 
is an eight ships project. In those three ships launched, three ships are approaching the launch 
stage. So, in the next quarter I see similar results from this particular project but next to next 
quarter and the next quarter you will see a hike in the revenue accrual.  
 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Got it Sir, from a capacity standpoint, the yard utilization, I see that you are engaging even with 
subcontractors like L&T to outsource some work. Is it because you are already the hands are 
full, you may not really want to chase new orders, you want to complete the existing order 
backlog which puts a question to what beyond the current capacity you want to expand? Can 
you touch on those strategic aspects? That will be really helpful. 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Yes. Thank you. Again, an interesting question. As far as the capacity is concerned, now there 
are two, I would like to put it in this fashion. There is a pre-launch phase. That means before 
the ship is launched onto water, you need dry docks and slipways to undertake the work there. 
Once they are occupied, you will be able to, I mean, your building capacity is limited to the 
number of dry docks and slipways you have. Then comes the phase after the ship is launched 
where the ship is tied alongside berth from Jetties as we call where the outfitting happens.  
 
 
Now, in the case of dry docks and slipways, we have adequate capacity. Actually, we have spare 
capacity. In the case of berths, again, there is no shortage. Plus, we have taken, I am purely 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
 
speaking about the facilities available in Calcutta. We have taken over three docks which 
primarily at this juncture we are using for ship repair, but these are also captive dry docks with 
us which can be used for ship building also in case a situation comes where the order book 
exceeds our capacity or when it reaches our capacity.  
 
 
In addition, we had taken over a facility from the Central Inland Water Transport Corporation, 
that is called Rajabagan Dockyard where over the years depending upon our need, we have 
revitalized because this is a defunct facility. Now we are transferred into a full-fledged ship 
building facility, and we have revitalized the dry docks and slipways.  
 
 
Now, coming to utilization of the capacity of other shipyards as subcontractor, that is purely a 
business strategy that used to present their concurrent construction. The very fact that GRSE 
has been able to launch 3 Anti-Submarine Shallow Water Craft and all the 4 Survey Vessels is a 
testimony to the fact that we are effectively utilizing the spare capacity of other shipyards or 
other partner yards and the subcontractors to facilitate concurrent construction.  
 
 
Now, if, I mean, the order book in pipeline for both the Navy and the Coast Guard is well known. 
So, should any more order come, we have adequate capacity and spare capacity to take on this 
order. Another very general statement, but should a need be there, I can elaborate further. 
 
Rohit Natarajan:                      Thank you sir, I will get back into the que. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity Sir, and congratulations for the great set of quarter. 
My first question is in the line of current market scenario. So, can you throw some light on the 
current market scenario in terms of new order pipeline and opportunities going ahead? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Mr. Vakil. Yes, at the outset, thank you. We had a very good Q1, and we have been 
maintaining the tempo in the coming quarters also. Now, as far as the orders on the anvil, 
currently, there are two projects of Coast Guard for which we have submitted our bids against 
their RFPs. This one of them is the 14 Hospital Vessel project, which I had mentioned during 
the last earnings call that we were eagerly waiting for this. The technical evaluation of this 
process has been completed, and we expect the bid to be open sometime in the current 
quarter. This would approximately be around ₹1,200 to ₹1,400 crore. That's the assessment.  
 
 
And in addition, there is another project again from the Indian Coast Guard, again, around 
₹2,000 odd crore for 6 Ocean-Going Patrol Vessel requirement.  In addition, also the technical 
evaluation has been completed. A Polar Research Vessel for NCPOR, that is the DRDO 
organization, order value could be to the tune of ₹750 to ₹900 crore. So, these are the three 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
 
projects where we expect the bids to be open during the current quarter. These are what is 
immediately in the plate.  
 
 
What is likely to come up, thereafter may be RFP for two multi-purpose vessels approximate 
order value could be to the tune of around ₹1,500 crore. With the RFP is expected during the 
current calendar year. Plus 5 Next-Generation Survey Vessels, follow on Survey Vessels with an 
order value of around ₹3,500 crore plus 21 Water Jet FAC for the Indian Navy approximately 
₹2,500 crore order value. This RFI has already been published and we expect the RFP to come 
out during calendar year '24. Along with the Next‐Generation corvette which we are eagerly 
waiting for, 8 Next‐Generation corvettes of which AON was recorded in May 2022. We expect 
the RFP to come out in 2024 calendar year towards end.  
 
 
So, those in a nutshell gives you an overview as to what will be the pipeline in the immediate 
year, that is current year and the next calendar year. I would not go beyond that because there 
are many more projects both of Navy and the Coast Guard which are on the anvil including the 
Next-Generation Destroyer and the MCMV project. Surprisingly, the news came out in last 
week that, the NAVY will be going in for the MCMV project on a competitive basis. So, this gives 
you additional picture on what is in store for GRSE and other shipyards.  
 
Dipen Vakil: 
And my second question is in the line of, sir, you mentioned that you had delivered an 
underwater unmanned vehicle this quarter. So, is it a concrete order or it was more like a user 
trial? Can you give some light on that? So, do we have more orders on that? 
 
Shri R. K. Dash: 
See, yes, it is a technology demonstrator. It was not against a firm model. This is a technology 
demonstrator that we proved successfully in collaboration with the MSME. They are 
surprisingly, an MSME is our partner in this project. It's an unmanned autonomous vehicle, and 
this is actually good, and it has got the capability of multiple types of payloads and has been 
proven to a depth of 300 meters.  
 
 
Now, the Navy has recently stated in one of their interactions that Navy is going in for an 
unmanned, they have got an unmanned roadmap. That means they are looking for platforms 
capable of operating in subsurface, surface and aerial domains. In keeping with this 
requirement that is coming up with the Navy and of course, we are confident that the Coast 
Guard will follow soon. We have gone aggressive, and we do not want to lose the first mover's 
advantage, and therefore, we are moving again all three domains.  
 
 
You had mentioned this underwater autonomous vessel. That definitely would address with 
more fine-tuning and use of trials the underwater autonomous requirements of the customer 
that is Navy. We are also moving in towards autonomy in the surface and aerial domains also. 
That is aerial as in drones capable of marine platform operations and unmanned autonomous 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
 
vessels. This is going to be a future vertical that would have huge potential with the Navy and 
Coast Guard. 
 
Dipen Vakil:                              Thank you sir, that was very helpful and all the best for FY ’24. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Swechha Jain from ANS Wealth. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Swechha Jain: 
Sir, if you could help us giving us some sense on the revenue target for FY '24 and FY '25? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
I am just parsing what I have mentioned consistently over the last four Con-calls, that we have 
an order book of ₹24,546 crore as on 30th of June '23 and as per our build strategy and the 
current project execution program, this entire order book is expected to be completed by FY 
'27.  
 
 
And okay, I will give you just a background. FY '22, we had revenue from operations of around 
₹1,786 crore. FY '23, we have ₹2,561 crore. So, we are moving up, and you have seen our Q1 
results. We already passed the ₹756 crore. So, I reiterate what I stated earlier, that if FY '24, 
'25 and '26 are going to be our big financial year considering our order book position and the 
project maturity stay stable. I know the answer is a bit round the board, but I hope it meets 
your query.  
 
Swechha Jain: 
Yeah. No worries, sir. So, also, I have a follow up like you were, you know, in the earlier 
participant's question, you were giving the order pipeline, right, the bid pipeline. So, I just 
wanted to understand you were talking about three projects that you are expecting in this 
financial year. So, have you already submitted the bid, or the RFP is still to be out is what I kind 
of missed that?  
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Ma'am, all the three RFPs have been are out and we have submitted the bids for all three 
projects, two of the projects, so the sixth Ocean-Going Patrol Vessel and that the Research 
Vessels for DRDO, the technical evaluations have already been completed, and the bid opening 
is expected sometime during the current quarter. As far as the 14 FPV project is concerned, 
again the bid has been submitted. In our appreciation, the bid, the price would be opened in 
the next two to three months. So, all three, yes, bids submitted. The balance what I have 
mentioned is where we are expecting the RFPs to come out.  
 
Swechha Jain: 
Understood. And, so what would be the order value for 8 Next Generation Corvette? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
See, ma'am, the AON has been accorded by the Defense Acquisition Council in May 2022 for 
₹32,000 crore. So, that is an order value, expected order value.  
 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
 
 
Swechha Jain: 
And sir, you had also said that you are also expecting an RFP for Navy for ₹2,500 crore. So, what 
was that? I kind of missed that. I am so sorry.  
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
See, Navy is coming up with the project for which RFI is already out. This is for the Next 
Generation Water Jet FAC. That is a Water Jet Fast Attack Craft, 21 of them, and these are small 
vessels which is actually some of our niche products having delivered plus 30 Fast Patrol Vessels 
and 4 Water Jet FAC. So, we have adequate experience and here for this Next Generation Water 
Jet FAC, the order value is likely to be between ₹2,200 to ₹2,600 crore. So, that's why I stated 
a figure of ₹2,500 crore.  
 
Swechha Jain:                           Thank you so much sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Venkatesh Subramanian from Logic 
Tree. Please go ahead.  
 
Venkatesh Subramanian: 
Sir, actually my question has been answered just from the previous one.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kunal Mehta from Equirus Wealth. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Kunal Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity, Sir, can we just dwell a bit on the ship repair segment? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta. Ship repair is still in nascent stages. Positive point is that we have 100% 
occupancy of the three docks, dry docks that we have taken over from Kolkata Port Trust. 
Currently, ship repair contributes around just about, I would say, around 1.5% of our overall 
revenue. We have currently order book of about ₹70 to ₹80 crore from ship repair.  
 
 
As we had mentioned, we are starting in a modest fashion, but the opportunity here is 
phenomenal. Since most of the Coast Guard refits in this region are being undertaken by us, 
we have already made a foothold in this. What we are looking for is to stabilize here and 
enhance our revenue at least by 4x in the next three to four years. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you for the opportunity and Congratulations for good set of results, Sir, can you give us 
an order book breakup in terms of P17 Alpha, survey vessels, and ASW Corvette? That would 
be helpful. That will be the first question. 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
I will. Thank you, Mr. Harshit. As far as the order value remaining, I will cover that. Is that what 
you intend? Then I will cover that. The P17 Alpha we currently have an order book value of 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
 
₹13,745 crore remaining out of the ₹19,293 crore. Anti-Submarine Shallow Watercraft we have 
₹5,438 crore remaining for execution, and the Survey Vessel Large project we have ₹1,382 
crore. This is the order book value that is remaining for execution. 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And on the Next Generation Corvette, the AoN was supposed to be ₹36,000 crore. I think you 
mentioned ₹32,000 crore. Is there a revision in the AoN? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Yes. You are absolutely right. There is a typo which is in my handwriting. Yes, it is ₹36,000 crore. 
Correct. You are absolutely correct. The AoN was accorded for ₹36,000 crore for 8 vessels, 8 
ships.  
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And L1 will get 5 and L2 will get 3. Is that the same thing or there is no change in that format, 
right? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
No change. As per the Navy's requirements which they have indicated, the L1 will get 5 ships 
with the L2 getting 3 ships. 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And lastly, just probably I have missed it. The RFP document which you are supposed to submit, 
has it been submitted or when it is likely to be submitted and when the tenders are expected 
to be opened? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
You are talking about the Next Generation Corvette, right? 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Yes, sir, Next Generation Corvette.  
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Navy is in the process of formalizing the statement of technical requirements and the RFP 
documentation. We expect the RFP to come out during the latter half of 2024, which means 
almost a year from now, 9 months to 10 months to 11 months from now. The latter half of 
2024 only the RFP will come out.  
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
That was really helpful, sir. And I also wanted to check probably if somebody had asked this, 
but I missed it, but landing platform docks, what is the status on that particular order? Four 
numbers of LPDs were there, and I think GRSE was looking to participate in this new platform 
for them. So, any update on that? And would GRSE still remain to be a vital player in this 
segment? Or since you are adding new products in your categories on the UAV side, the 
unmanned vehicle side, do you think you will have a lesser attention to this category? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
I would like to clarify that as a defense shipyard, our focus was this and will be, primary focus 
will be on a domestic warship building. That is the purpose for which the government has set 
up this. But at the same time to remain competitive and also to gain first mover's advantage in 
segments like autonomous vessels or green energy platforms, we will be diversifying in these 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
 
areas, but without compromising on our core competency which has been built over the last 
60 years on warship building. So, what I am trying to convey is that our warship building focus 
will not get diluted.  
 
 
Now, as far as the landing platform dock, LPDs are concerned, yes, Navy from their perspective 
plan as we are aware Navy has the requirement of Landing Platform Dock. At this moment, we 
do not have a clarity as to when the RFP will come out. Yes, they have a requirement. The clarity 
is not there as of now as to when the RFP will come out, and when it comes out, definitely GRSE 
would be a participant in the bidding process. 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And I know, sir, you have recited time and again on the margin front that you would want to 
achieve a 10% PAT margin. But just wanted to, you know, check with you. As your turnover 
now is going to be at its peak in the next three years which you have also highlighted, do we 
expect EBITDA margin excluding other income should also move to a double-digit margin level 
or it would not be fair to assume that? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
See, and again like to put it in our perspective. As far as the income is concerned, the so-called 
other income was also an integral part of what translates into our profit. As far as the margins 
are concerned, be it EBITDA margin or be it the PAT margin, now we in ship building industry 
have for a conventional successful industry, the PAT margins are anything beyond 7.5% to 8%, 
and the dividend from our performance during the current quarter, we have been able to post 
margins beyond that. 
 
 
So, we based on our current order book and also fully understanding that the revenue will peak 
during the next two to three years based on our other book, we are confident of maintaining 
similar margins in future also. From the investor's perspective, we will be maintaining similar 
margins in future also. 
 
Harshit Kapadia:                      Thank you for answering all the questions and wish all the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Parimal Mithani: 
Good Afternoon Sir, thank you for the opportunity, and congratulate for the good set of 
numbers, So, I just wanted to know since there are four Central Defense shipyards, how do you 
differentiate yourself in terms of the ship business since it's a nascent industry right now for 
you? Can you highlight how? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari:                       Sir, could you come again from the beginning what was your question?  
   

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
 
Parimal Mithani: 
Sir, since there are four different shipyards in the country and in the Central PSU side, how do 
you differentiate yourself in terms of ship repair Compared to the Cochin shipyard, there is 
Mazagon Dock and what is the way that we are trying to go ahead? Because all of them have 
ship repair as the part of their strategy going forward. How do you foresee yourself in the future 
for that? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Parimal, for the question. Yes, there are five of us plus Larsen & Toubro 
Shipyard also, five shipyards in the play for ship repair in addition to ship building. I have stated 
this before that GRSE works, I repeat works and not focusing much on ship repairs because we 
have adequate orders in terms of ship building and other business verticals that we have, that 
is the building bridges, diesel engines and so on.  
 
 
But we decided that this is an area where opportunities were adding. So, we decided as a 
corporate strategy that we will focus on ship repairs. Towards that the steps have already been 
taken. We created a dedicated Ship Repair Division in the company and also taken over three 
dry docks from the Kolkata Port Trust.  
 
 
Now, both our counterparts in this shipbuilding or counterpart shipyards what we had 
mentioned before DPSU, the three more DPSU plus Cochin Shipyard and the LMP, they have 
vast experience in ship repairs, established ship repair facilities and the vendor base. 
 
 
Our advantage is that we have taken over these docks which have been completely segregated 
facility with dry docks ranging from 90 meters to 120 meters and which is away from our ship 
building facility, and yet located in Kolkata. So, the advantage is that we can use our vendor 
base and the OEM base as required to carry out the ship repairs. We are starting in a modest 
fashion, experimented successfully with the conductor of Coast Guard refits.  
 
 
What I stated before also, that our internal target is to quadruple our revenue from the Ship 
Repair segment over the next three to four years. So, we are starting in the modest fashion, 
stabilized ourselves. Now we are looking aggressively for more orders in this segment, but the 
other shipyards you mentioned are definitely more experienced in carrying warship repairs 
that perhaps at least in the couple of cases that was their major source of income because for 
them at that point of time ship building orders were far and few.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Amit Dixit: 
Thank you sir, Congratulations for the good set of numbers, I have couple of questions. Since I 
joined the call late, these might be a repeat of what you have already answered. So, please 
bear with me. The first one is that there was a news that, you know, we have outsourced a 
portion of ASW-SWC and a Survey Vessel Large order to L&T. Just wanted to understand the 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
 
key driver behind it? Was it to forge a public private partnership or was it a capacity constraint 
on our part at this point in time to execute the order? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Mr. Dixit. As you rightly said, I have answered this question. I will elaborate a little 
more. Both the projects, yes, part construction of a few of the ships of the Survey Vessel Large 
and the Anti-Submarine Shallow Watercraft projects have been outsourced to one of our 
partners, and this has got a two-pronged approach.  
 
 
One, we wanted to utilize the spare capacity of capable shipyards in India to facilitate 
concurrent construction, and it is not only for these two projects. As the business strategy, we 
have also within, of course, shipyard that you mentioned is not based at Kolkata. It is in the 
East Coast. We have also outsourced part construction of two more projects to a minor 
shipyard in Kolkata and successfully completed this project.  
 
 
So, the advantage is that we can leverage the spare capacity of these shipyards and facilitate 
concurrent construction so that the large projects that we undertake within the shipyard go 
concurrently and smoothly along with these partnered facilities. And yes, this also is aligned 
with the government's policy of encouraging public private partnerships. So, both prongs, yes, 
but it is not, I repeat on account no, it is not because of any sort of capacity constraints.  
 
Amit Dixit: 
Thank you sir, my second question is that if we look at this quarter, there was a very impressive 
growth in revenue and EBITDA or whatever parameter you consider from a Y-o-Y perspective. 
I just wanted to understand what was driving it? If you can just, you know, drill down the 
execution part of your order within Frigate and Survey Vessel Large surveyed and all? If you 
can just let us know the execution that how much did you execute in this quarter of each of 
these items, that would be very helpful. 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Yes, again, Q1 whichever the financial parameter that we take starting from revenue from 
operations to EBITDA or profit after tax, the results have been very encouraging, and it is on 
two counts. One, the projects, all three projects that you mentioned, that is the P17 Alpha, the 
Survey Vessel Large, and the Anti-Submarine Shallow Watercraft, all three projects have raised 
or reaching a level of project maturity wherein the equipment get pumped into the ships where 
they are integrated and these give us revenue.  
 
 
Now in a conventional ship building project, if you take nearly 60% to 65% depending upon the 
type of ship, the value comes from the equipment, and this equipment get lowered onto the 
ship when the ship goes between again depending upon the class of ship from 40% to 60% of 
construction. And we are currently in that phase. So, in FY '23, now '24, '25 and to an extent in 
'26, our revenue is likely to be on an upward trajectory. Q1 is an indicator. Q1 FY '24 is an 
indicator of what stage of project maturity that we are in, and what is on the anvil in the coming 
quarters and financial years.  

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
 
 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, last one from my side. There has been a news that, you know, from Russia we were 
supposed to get two frigates. Of course, two of them are under construction at Goa Shipyard 
currently. But two of them are getting delayed now because of obviously your payment crisis 
and all sort of things, and we don't know how much time it will take for Russia-Ukraine crisis to 
get resolved. Do you believe that the government can issue, can ask the domestic shipyards 
like yours to shoulder a part of that order, the frigate order at least two numbers of that class? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
See, you are right. Two of these, there are four frigates being built. Two of them are being built 
in one of the Indian shipyards, and two of them are being built at Russia. And for your 
information, these are the only two ships out of the 63 ships and submarines that are being 
built for the nation. 61 are being built in India, and two, those two frigates that you mentioned 
are being built abroad. Now, our appreciation, this is purely GRSE's appreciation that these two 
ships have already reached the stage wherein replication by building elsewhere would fetch 
any better results. The government is fully pleased of the situation, and I am very confident 
that they are doing the needful to get both these frigates completed ASAP. 
 
Amit Dixit:                                  Thank you so much and all the best.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Venkatesh Subramanian from Logic 
Tree. Please go ahead.  
 
Venkatesh Subramanian: 
Sir, I wanted to get an idea of the kind of market opportunity, the total addressable opportunity 
that is available for all the shipyards over the next three to five years, and what is the targeted 
opportunity for GRSE? For example, you might have an internal blueprint based on the total 
market eventually over the next five years. Do you have some sort of a vision that GRSE should 
be at this particular level by 2028 or 2030? If you could just give us a broad vision, that will be 
good for us to kind of plan for the long term, sir.  
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Interesting question, a leading question actually. See, both the Navy and the Coast Guard at 
any time it is open information that both the Navy and the Coast Guard are on a fleet expansion 
type and fleet expansion means naturally induction of new platforms that is the ships and 
submarines.  
 
 
Now, this is something which I have stated in many a forum that there are four defensive 
players, there is Cochin Shipyard, another PSU shipyard, the Larsen & Toubro Shipyard, a couple 
of shipyards on the West Coast. These are the players who are in the phase of getting these 
orders. Now I will give a glimpse of projects, major projects that arises for which the RFPs have 
been out are what are on the anvil as for our execution. As far as the Indian coast guard is 
concerned, two of the projects, that is the 14 FPV project and the 6 OPV project, the order 
value should be to the tune of ₹3,000 - ₹3,500 crore between both these projects put together.  

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
 
 
The technical negotiations are in progress, and the price is expected to be opened from next 
month to the next two, three months, plus there is the DRDO, there is a project for a research 
vessel, approximately ₹750 to 800 - 900 crore depending upon who will bid. That again, the 
price is expected to be open. These are the three projects for which the bids have been 
submitted by the Indian Shipyard.  
 
 
Now coming to the projects on the anvil, the 8, the Next‐Generation Corvettes, the AON 
already have gotten by the DAC, ₹36,000 crore, 21 Water Jet FACs for the Indian Navy 
approximately ₹2,500 crore, RFP expected to be out in 2024, 2 multi-purpose vessels, and the 
5 Next-Generation Survey Vessels. Both put together could be to the tune of around ₹5,000 
crore. Both the projects put together, the RFPs towards the end of this calendar year or early 
next year.  
 
 
One will be Fast Interceptor Craft for the Indian Navy, approximately ₹1,500 crore RFP likely 24 
LPD, it may come. Order value is high ₹25,000 crore to ₹30,000 crore. When it is going to come 
at this juncture, there is no clarity. Next-Generation Destroyer, the order value could be plus 
lakh crore. The RFP could come out in the next four to five years. 12 Mine Countermeasure 
Vessels for the Indian Navy, ₹32 crore will close. I think I have fashion showed you. That's a 
glimpse of what's going to come in the next few years.  
 
 
Now as I mentioned, we, GRSE, have a very, very clear internal strategy as to which are the 
projects that we should aggressively bid where our experience and expertise will fetch us, there 
is an edge.  
 
 
Also, I just stated about the Navy projects that were likely to come. Similarly, the Coast Guard 
has also got a blueprint with Next Generation Fast Patrol Vessels, OPVs and so on. So, there is 
adequate in the future for all the Indian shipyards and with the government policy focusing on 
total Make in India, so we expect at least 95% to 97%, whatever, close to 100% order going to 
the Indian shipyards.  
 
Venkatesh Subramanian: 
So, my understanding is, looking at the size of the opportunity over the next five years, even if 
our current order book gets exhausted by FY '27, there is enough visibility and prospects for us 
to have a repeat or a better performance say from FY '27 to FY '32 over the next cycle I am 
asking. Yeah. Would that be the right assumption? 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Absolutely, you are right. And just to give an example, as our book was getting executed and 
getting depleted, we got an order for the Next Generation Ocean-Going Patrol Vessels four of 
them as late as 30th of March this year. We also are totally different non-ship building segment. 
So, 30 mm naval standard gun, the value is not much. It's just about ₹250 crore, but that's an 
opening for us. We are also going for low value but large volume autonomous platforms which 
is going to be the future. We are also diversifying into green and that is the green energy vessel. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
 
So, in a nutshell, as the order book gets executed, considering the opportunities available, one, 
in the domestic warship building scenario; second, export opportunity; third, ship repair; 
fourth, our diversified products, that is the green energy product, our Bailey Bridges segment 
which often does not get discussed, all put together there is a good potential on the anvil for 
GRSE to maintain a healthy order book and accordingly good revenues.  
 
Venkatesh Subramanian:      Thank you sir, very helpful. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Commodore P. R. Hari, IN (Retired) Chairman & Managing Director 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Cmde P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Michelle. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I hope I have been able to answer most 
of your queries. There have been a couple of occasions where I have given you a roundabout 
answer, but that's very good and then, but hopefully I have clarified all the queries that you 
had both on our financial performance as of now and the future outlet. We have a healthy 
order book and I repeat very, very clear execution strategy, and our intent is towards new 
technology adaption. One, to improve our efficiencies, and second, to diversify into verticals, 
specifically technology-based verticals, that is the green and autonomous energy platforms, 
and we are very confident that our performance, both physical and of course, financial 
performance will continue to be good as what we have demonstrated during Q1FY24. Thank 
you, and I also thank Gaurav from Concept IR for steering this entire event. Thank you, ladies 
and gentlemen. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited, that concludes this conference. Should you 
have any further queries you can send an email to gaurav.g@conceptpr.com. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect.  
 
 
******* 
