 
 
October 20, 2023 
 
Ref. No.: HDFC Life/CA/2023-24/73 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
 
 
Sir PJ Towers,  
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,   
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East),  
 
 
 
 
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
NSE Symbol: HDFCLIFE                                       
 
BSE Security Code: 540777 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023 
 
We wish to inform that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings conference call with 
analysts and investors held on Friday, October 13, 2023, to discuss financial results of the Company for 
the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The said transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website www.hdfclife.com. 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
            
 
 
 
Narendra Gangan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                      
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer &                 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Narendra 
Gangan
Digitally signed by Narendra 
Gangan 
Date: 2023.10.20 21:31:46 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 13, 2023 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
Results Conference Call. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vibha Padalkar, MD and CEO 
of HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking part in this conference call 
to discuss the business performance for half year ended September 30th, 2023. Our results, 
which includes the investor presentation, press release, and regulatory disclosures, have already 
been made available on both our website and the stock exchanges. Joining me are Suresh 
Badami, Deputy Managing Director; Niraj Shah, ED & CFO; Eshwari Murugan, our Appointed 
Actuary, and Kunal Jain, from Investor Relations. I will provide an overview of our H1FY24 
results, and will be happy to address any queries thereafter. 
 
Starting with operating performance for the quarter: 
                                                Despite the recent budget changes that were perceived to be unfavourable for the sector, the life 
insurance industry has demonstrated remarkable resilience. Insurance companies have 
successfully harnessed their extensive distribution networks, tailored product offerings and 
favourable regulatory developments to address latent insurance needs of their customers. This 
has been exhibited by close to double digit growth in new business premiums and strong growth 
in policy count for private players. We affirm our belief in the medium to long term growth 
opportunity for the sector and HDFC Life’s continued ability to navigate through such 
disruptions, only to emerge stronger. 
 
With this as the backdrop, we recorded a healthy growth of 10% in individual WRP vs 8% for 
overall industry, for the half year ended September 30th, 2023. Our H1FY24 market share was 
15.7% and 10.3% in the private and overall sector respectively. We continued to grow faster 
than the overall industry and be ranked amongst the top 3 life insurers across individual and 
group businesses. 
 
We saw an uptick of 10% in the number of individual policies sold, beating industry growth. 
This healthy volume growth is in line with our stated objective of broadening our customer base. 
We have insured more than 3 crore lives across our individual and group businesses, which 
represents a YoY growth of 16%. 
 
More than two thirds of the retail customers on-boarded are new to HDFC Life and almost half 
of these are below the age of 35 years. Growth from tier 2 and tier 3 locations has been double 
than that of tier 1 locations. 
 
Growth in protection was robust at 28% on new business premium basis. Retail protection 
registered YoY growth of 46% in H1FY24. Sum assured recorded healthy growth, with retail 
and overall sum assured growing by 61% and 45% respectively. We continue to lead in terms of 
sum assured and our private market share based on overall sum assured stood at 18% for 
H1FY24. Annuity APE grew by 17% and the segment contributed to 18% of new business 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
premium. Annuity and Protection put together contributed to about 55% of new business 
premium in H1FY24. 
 
Our average ticket size has stayed intact, despite moderation seen in higher ticket size business. 
Policies of upto Rs 5 lakh ticket size issued have seen double digit growth, with improvements 
in average ticket size across various cohorts. While there is de-growth in the above Rupees5 lakh 
segment, we are seeing this get progressively better in some channels such as bancassurance. 
While the gap is wider in channels such as private wealth partners, we expect improved overall 
traction in this segment in the second half of the fiscal, on the back of product launches and, 
both the distributors and customers coming to terms with the new post- tax IRR reality. Despite 
the tax impact, the long-term guaranteed savings product proposition remains unique to our 
industry and returns offered continue to be best in class. 
 
Overall product mix remains balanced with non-par savings at 28%, participating products at 
30%, ULIP at 28%, annuity and protection at 8% and 6% respectively, based on individual APE. 
 
We introduced 2 new products in the protection category viz. HDFC Life Sanchay Legacy and 
Click 2 Protect Elite. HDFC Life Sanchay Legacy is an industry-first whole life, return of 
premium protection plan with increasing life cover and is designed to cater to a middle-aged and 
beyond customer segment. Our other term product, C2P Elite, caters to a more affluent customer 
category. 
 
Some of our other products launched in the participating, unit-linked and pension categories 
have gained good momentum across all our distribution channels. Further, we have been able to 
offer higher than the traditional 7-10x sum assured multiples on our unit-linked products, thereby 
bundling higher protection cover with our savings proposition. 
 
Moving on to key financial and operating metrics: 
                                                New business margin for H1FY24 was 26.2%, with value of new business of Rs. 1,411 crores, 
implying a 10% YoY growth. The total cost ratio has increased slightly from 19.3% to 19.7%. 
The increase in cost ratio is expectedly due to reduced cost absorption from slower growth in 
specific channels and should normalise as growth rebounds to pre-tax change levels. We will 
however continue to upfront manpower investments in channels such as HDFC Bank and other 
key Banca partners to capitalise on growth opportunities. 
 
Our Embedded value was Rs 42,908 crore as on September 30th, 2023, with an operating return 
on embedded value of 16.4%. Profit after tax for H1FY24 was Rs. 792 crores, i.e., a YoY 
increase of 15%, with a robust growth of 18% in profit emergence from the back book. 
 
Solvency as on September 30, 2023 is 194%, after factoring in the dividend pay-out of Rs 408 
crore in the last quarter. Renewal collections continue to be robust with a YoY growth of 14%. 
 
 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Next, on distribution: 
                                                We have registered a YoY growth of 23% across our bancassurance partners. Our counter share 
at HDFC Bank channel is progressing well with strong support from our parent channel. We 
continue to collaborate closely with HDFC Bank and invest in the channel. 
 
Our Credit Life partners have also delivered impressive performance, with Credit Protect 
growing by 28% in H1FY24. We are growing well across all our bancassurance collaborations, 
while steadily augmenting our portfolio of partnerships. 
 
We are also pleased to announce our partnership with Airtel Payments Bank, which has over 15 
crore customers and are excited about the possibilities arising out of this alliance. 
 
Our agency channel grew in-line with company growth. We added more than 37,000 agents in 
the channel in H1FY24. We have seen some moderation in business from the higher ticket size 
segment, but expect the channel to be able to re-coup the same in H2. 
 
Amongst other highlights: 
                                                We are proud to feature amongst India's Best Workplaces for Millennials 2023 by Great Place 
to Work and to be recognized amongst 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2023 by Avtar. 
We also ranked amongst Asia's Best Workplaces 2023 by Great Place to Work. This is a 
testimony of our endeavour to create an inclusive culture, be the employer of choice and invest 
for the betterment of our workforce. 
 
We are appreciative of the proactive engagement by the Department of Financial Services and 
IRDAI with life insurers to discuss initiatives for the benefit of overall sector as well as the 
customers. 
 
Moving on to our subsidiaries: 
                                                The AUM of our pension subsidiary has crossed 58,000 crores with a market share of 43% as 
on 30th September 2023, which is an increase of 370 bps over September 2022. HDFC 
International clocked revenues of over $10 million, registering a growth of 50%. Their retail 
insurance business out of GIFT City commenced in August, with the maiden launch of US Dollar 
Global Education Plan. 
                                                In conclusion: 
                                                Our focus on improving customer penetration is trending well and we expect this momentum to 
continue and be aided by a pickup in the higher ticket segments. We are also confident of a 
strong performance in the mortality and longevity space along with market share gains in our 
bancassurance channel in the second half of this year. We remain upbeat on the medium- to 
long-term growth potential of the industry and aspire to repeat our past track record of doubling 
key metrics every four years.  

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
                                                The detailed disclosure on our results is available in our investor presentation. We are happy to 
open the floor for questions now. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.  
Avinash Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. The first one is on margins. Of course, a part 
of it is understood that mix in this FY so far has moved in favour of ULIP from non-par savings. 
But at the same time, we see increase in retail protection. Credit life is still doing well and there 
is a pickup in annuity. So, there is some favourable development on product mix of high-margin 
products as well. And, in your base, there was low margin of Exide Life. So, net-net with these 
favourable factors playing out, protection and annuity picking up and with expectation of benefit 
from Exide Life, margins are flat. Is this due to growth being lower or expenses picking up? An 
explanation around what's happening with the margin and what shall one expect for FY24. That's 
the first question. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Avinash, all what you said is absolutely right. There are many things going on. We talked about 
Exide Life starting off with low single-digit margins. We said we will nevertheless move towards 
subsuming that into our business and reaching margin neutrality. 
 
Individual protection is doing exceedingly well. Credit life has always been doing well, and that 
continues to trend well. So that gives us that margin kicker. Our costs are reasonably under 
control despite some of the investments that I talked about. 
 
Unit Linked has seen a little bit of uptick to about 28% as against the 25% range that we would 
like it to be in. At the same time, counter share at HDFC Bank has gone up. Considering all of 
these, there are pluses and minuses which even out and that's why we are margin neutral. It is 
slightly better than Q1 margin but more or less flat is how we see H1, and that's what we also 
guided towards at the start of the year. This year is a mixed year, in terms of digesting tax 
changes and investing in people, so that we can grow number of policies, and all of that is 
panning out. 
 
We expect flattish margins, which would be a good outcome given everything that’s going on 
including the continued degrowth in the above INR5 lakh ticket size. Next year, this would be 
behind us as a sector, and we should continue on the upward trajectory on margins. Anything 
you want to add, Niraj? 
Niraj Shah: 
As we had spoken at the beginning of the period, large part of our VNB growth will come out 
of APE growth and a significant part of our APE growth we were expecting out of volumes. 
That's exactly happening the way we have thought about it as the year would pan out with 10% 
growth in volumes. And equally important is that our average ticket size has been maintained. 
That was one of the biggest fears going into FY24 in terms of what happens because of the 
higher ticket size business. Like Vibha mentioned, the greater than INR5 lakh business has come 
down, but it is still a fairly meaningful contributor. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Significant part of our position has been maintained because of our expansion into Tier 2 and 3 
markets. And similarly, while we would like to grow at 17%-18%, on a medium-term basis, the 
current growth is in the 10% range. That explains the fixed cost absorption gap. Product mix, 
like you rightly articulated, balances out each other, and there is a mild positive sitting there in 
terms of higher levels of protection written, both on a stand-alone basis in individual-group and 
on the savings products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA.  
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on non-par savings product. Can you help us understand how many 
rounds of IRR cuts have you taken? I believe that the G-Sec yield, which you map has turned 
around since rate cuts have happened. Any guidance, will the product offer even lesser IRRs to 
the customers? How do you see this product and the customer offering going ahead? 
Second is on the protection business. You said that Credit life grew by 28%. Is that new business 
growth or APE growth? Because group protection APE only grew by 7% in H1. Has the GTI 
business contracted as a result? Can you give some color on that? Thank you. 
Niraj Shah: 
Non-par product repricing is a continuous ongoing activity for us ever since we launched the 
product more than 4 years back. To your specific question, we have repriced it twice, in this 
period. 
Going forward, we will continue to look at the kind of yields we can get on a gross basis and 
then adjust our IRRs in the marketplace. Of course, we will keep in mind what is happening in 
the marketplace. We have seen certain players offer IRRs, which we believe are addressing 
different profitability and risk management objectives. 
We continue to maintain a fairly balanced approach. We definitely want whatever growth we 
can get, but it has to be sensible in terms of profitability and the risk we write on our books. Our 
repricing will continue, and it will reflect what is happening in the overall interest rate 
environment. 
As far as your question on group protection is concerned, credit life business has grown fairly 
meaningfully even in this period at 28%. And largely, business has shifted from regular premium 
to single premium in certain partners, which has resulted in the numbers that you are seeing. 
On an overall basis, nothing is really different. On the individual side, protection has grown 
more than 45%. On the CP side, for this period, it has been 28%. It's largely just a regular 
premium-single premium change that has happened. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And to add here, it has lesser to do with GTI business, which you alluded to. Economics of the 
credit life business hasn’t changed. It's just that, is it a single premium policy or a regular 
premium policy. That's about it. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay, understood. Thank you so much. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Two questions. You said the counter share has gone up. HDFC Bank’s counter share was up to 
56% last quarter from 55%. Can you share any numbers? How much has it gone up this quarter? 
Suresh Badami: 
We have seen a fair amount of traction, which has been happening post the merger. We have 
ended H1 at 62% market share. If you were to look at the 56.5%, which was there at end of Q1, 
we have been steadily trending upwards right through Q2. And across July, August and 
September, we have seen a significant uptick. In September, our counter share was greater than 
70%. We have ended at 62.2% for the entire H1. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
That is fantastic. Can you tell us what have you done? What has happened to have such a massive 
pickup? And how have you gone about doing this? 
Suresh Badami: 
In some sense, it has been a focused effort on both sides. We have invested in manpower over 
the last 5-6 months. There have been product innovations which have happened. There are some 
new products which have got launched and have picked up strongly at HDFC Bank. 
Vibha spoke about Sampoorna Jeevan, Sanchay Legacy was launched. There are few other 
products, which have got launched and have had a fair amount of pickup. There has been a huge 
amount of engagement and involvement from the Bank, across teams including support from 
TPP team. 
So, it is a factor of everything that we are building. But typically, our market share has been 
growing across most of our partnerships. And yes, there is better alignment and much more 
engagement at the strategic level with the Bank, and that support is coming in for us. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
But Suresh, this is not getting reflected in the overall APE numbers, right? Your H1 APE has 
just gone up 10%. Of course, Vibha has guided for a 15% APE growth excluding INR 1,000 
crores one-off business, the ask rate for second half is very high, both on APE growth as well as 
margins. We'll have to deliver 20% on the INR1,000 crores adjusted business in H2. Is that really 
achievable? And why is HDFC Bank better traction not getting reflected in APE growth 
numbers? 
Suresh Badami: 
We have to take a longer-term view. Quarter-on-quarter, things will vary. We have seen some 
slowdown in other channels like Agency and Broca, which had higher dependency on greater 
than INR 5 lakh ticket size. Our strategy is to ensure that we broad-base our growth on smaller 
ticket size NOPs, and we have started seeing that traction coming in. Additionally, there’s some 
bit of base effect which is coming. 
We will try to grow faster than the industry, which is really what we have been targeting every 
year. That has played out for us. In certain quarters, some products get launched, in other 
quarters, some contest ends, so quarter-on-quarter, numbers may vary. Our distribution has been 
growing, Vibha read out as part of the earlier note that our agency distribution has grown by 
more than 30,000 agents. As we build our distribution across tier 2 and tier 3 markets, as we add 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
more partners into our fold, the smaller ticket size will come in. The opportunity is large enough 
for us to grow on a consistent basis. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
To add here Suresh, further deconstructing some of the channels that have a lot more wealth 
customer bias understandably are slower. And we have seen degrowth in those channels, 
wherein the ticket sizes used to be very high. These channels have seen de-growth of about 20%. 
While growth in less than INR 5 lakh ticket size is about 18% at company level. 
It is all coming out. Some channels have a lot more focus towards higher ticket sizes. Our 
broking channel is one, wealth channel is another, agency in terms of the top agents. So, it's a 
mix of that. However, reason why it gives us a fair bit of confidence is that when we further 
deconstruct our numbers, one is very robust growth, like I said, close to 18%-19% on below INR 
5 lakhs business. Second, growth in tier 2 and 3 is 2x of company level growth, where we are 
making inroads. The channels that have a lot more distribution reach into tier 2 and 3 markets 
are relatively untouched by the tax changes. Tier 2 and 3 markets are contributing about 60%-
70% of our overall business. 
All of that mix and manthan that is happening, which we said at the beginning of the year when 
the tax changes happened, wherein growth will be a lot more broad-based across more and more 
customers, acquisition of new customers becomes important. Last point I want to make is that 
when I further look at our data, two-third of our customers are now new to HDFC Life. We are 
very happy about that because when you partner with a young life, then over the life cycle of the 
individual, we are able to do a fair bit of attachment at various significant life stages. Also, half 
of these new customers that we have acquired, are less than 35 years of age. So again, we are 
attracting young customers. Reason I'm quoting these numbers is that it's a little bit nuanced in 
terms of why the overall number is somewhat muted because of some of the other channels being 
affected. But at the same time, even in those channels, the growth in below INR5 lakh is touching 
almost 20%. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
You are still confident of maintaining 15% full year guidance excluding INR1,000 crores? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. Just to clarify, I have said mid-teens. So yes, mid-teens, reasonably confident. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
Okay. All the best Vibha. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers Private 
Limited. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
You were talking about HDFC Bank, and how we have gained more traction. Continuing that 
discussion, in tier 2, 3 cities and beyond, the bank has a fairly large rural presence. Even now 
they are opening up branches at a good pace. So, will that be the driver of volume growth in 
FY24 and beyond? And what products are these customers looking at, if you could give us some 
sense? That's the first question. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
The second question is on the GST notice which we received last quarter, it was of INR 942 
crores. We've paid some amount, INR 250 crores in dispute. Any updates on that? 
Suresh Badami: 
This is Suresh here. Let me answer the first question. Yes, you are right. I think HDFC Bank is 
doing a tremendous job, in terms of expansion and branch growth. The branch expansion in 
SURU has grown more than 1,100 in the last 18 months, so clearly, they're driving. 
Just to state, our approach to tier 2 and tier 3 as a distribution strategy has been playing out for 
many years. Along with HDFC Bank, we have been growing our agency presence. We took over 
Exide, which has a significant presence in tier 2, tier 3 and southern markets. 
Many banca partnerships, which we have tied up over the last 1 year, whether it is AU Small 
Finance Bank or other partners like Ujjivan, Utkarsh and Bandhan, have significant presence in 
tier 2 and tier 3 markets. We may not have build as much on our direct, but there is a lot of 
demand, which is coming through our partnerships and our agency network in these markets. 
We have seen tier 2 and tier 3 markets grow much faster for us, almost double of what we have 
seen at company level. Of course, tier 1 has had an impact this year because the greater than INR 
5 lakh ticket size normally concentrates in tier 1. However, the product range remains similar, it 
is the ticket size which changes. 
There are certain features which are more favourable in tier 2 and tier 3 markets, and we will 
continue to innovate on that. APE growth in tier 2 and tier 3 has been almost 17% for us in H1. 
So, you will realize that it's a stated strategy to expand and get into these markets. We don't see 
any reason why this segment will not grow for us going forward. Of course, the opportunity in 
tier 1 continues to remain, and we will capitalize on that. 
Niraj Shah: 
Just to add a couple of bits on that, we found the customer segment being more amenable to 
buying protection differently from the way they buy in tier 1. That's something that has really 
done well at scale in HDFC Bank in tier 2 and tier 3 towns, in terms of buying protection 
behaviour being different. Additionally, we have seen that there is more willingness to take 
slightly longer-term policies in these markets, which again is a very good indicator of being able 
to keep the business longer on our books and get more profitable business out of that category 
which is fairly encouraging. 
To your point on GST, no further update. We have seen the show-cause notice, as we mentioned 
in our exchange disclosures. We are in the process of responding to that, and we will do that in 
due course. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thanks for taking my question. The growth in bancassurance seems to be coming up nicely with 
around 20% and it looks like this is slightly ULIP heavy. But in other channels, probably ULIP 
is not picking up as much. So, when we are looking at higher growth in other channels in H2, 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
do we envisage ULIP to pick up? Or will it still be non-par heavy? In that sense, how do you see 
the product mix for the year evolving? 
Suresh Badami: 
Let me start and Niraj can add on. We have mentioned in earlier sessions that we have always 
tried to maintain a balanced product mix. One of the approaches has been to ensure that each 
channel remains profitable. In some sense, looking at the opportunity, we have tried to ensure 
that our mix remains in the 25% range for ULIP and the rest between par and non-par at 30%. 
We have always managed ULIP contribution which comes from other channels because 
typically, ULIP needs to have high persistency, for it to be profitable. So, in agency, we have 
ensured that ULIP is managed well with some of our vintage financial consultant partners, who 
give us very high persistency on ULIP products. 
You'll find that our agency is one of the few channels, which is near 90% persistency at an 
overall level. That is because we have tried to maintain certain ULIP to select set of partners 
with a focus on par and non-par. There is always an expected volatility in equity markets given 
what's been happening, we will look at the Unit Linked (UL) opportunity and growth, if markets 
continue the way it is. 
In tier 2 and tier 3 markets, there's a little bit of UL demand. We have seen what's happened on 
the MF and SIP space. So, we don't want to lose out on that opportunity. But we will be calibrated 
in terms of how much UL we allow through some of the other channels. But at an overall level, 
we will maintain the mix across all our channels. 
Niraj Shah: 
To add to what Suresh mentioned. A lot of times, product mix is also a function of new product 
launches. In this period, we have had two product launches on the protection side which reflects 
the momentum in individual protection growth. 
We have also had a launch on the UL side with a slightly different protection proposition 
attached to it. That has also done very well in the bank channel and some of the other channels 
as well. In H2, we expect to launch products in the other categories, which will then reflect in 
the product mix. 
Like Suresh mentioned, by and large, we would like to stay within 1/4th to 1/3rd for each of the 
categories, while continuing to grow protection and annuities. It will also be dependent on the 
product launches that we have in the market. Of course, how people respond to the economic 
environment in terms of volatility in equity markets, can then change things on the UL front. 
Similarly, when there’s more concern about the geopolitical environment or of equity markets 
that can drive buying behaviour towards more traditional and conservative products. That's 
something that we see, from time to time. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
In the first quarter, it appeared that there was some fatigue in selling non-par post a very strong 
March. Do you see that having a tail in the second quarter and business again eating up towards 
the end of the year? Or is it something that is not a concern anymore? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
It's not really a concern, but couple of things here, Nischint. One is that, it has to be priced right. 
There's always a temptation to give very aggressive pricing. Right pricing is something that we 
really want to follow. So, we keep away from some of that situation that does happen in multi-
tier situation. 
Second is that versus where fixed deposit rates are. More than fatigue, I think it's a little bit of 
kicking the can down in terms of taking a decision on non-par policy. It is because you say, let 
me park my money in a six-month FD or one year FD and then take a call down the line. Some 
of that could be happening. Of course, it is due to change, as and when rates start falling, 
transmission happens. So, it's a matter of a cycle rather than anything fundamentally that is 
different. And point three is that, there is awareness that there is reinvestment risk in any product 
other than a long-term non-par product and that has been very well socialized amongst customers 
at large. The proposition as such, nothing at all has changed on it, but some of these more macro 
forces, plus and minus are at play. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities.  
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. First on growth, for 
slower growth in H1, you alluded that in several channels would have five lakh-plus products in 
their base last year, which is impacting. So just wanted to understand that as we move in H2, 
what would be the situation in those channels again for the second half of last year? Would 
smaller ticket size growth be sufficient to cover up for that and meet the ask rate? The strong 
growth in banca that we have seen at 19%, if you could break it down into what is the growth at 
the HDFC Bank channel vis-a-vis other banca partners? What is driving the growth? 
So that is one. And secondly, if you could highlight in terms of the EV walk that you have given. 
If I strip out second quarter from the numbers that you have given for H1, the economic variance 
numbers appear to be negative. What is driving that given the market conditions and how the 
yield curve has moved over the last three months, if you can give some color? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. We are reasonably confident that we will continue on this trajectory. What’s happening is 
the ticket sizes have been maintained. So, what we had feared was that overall ticket sizes would 
start falling and that has not happened. That is one. Second is, like I mentioned to an earlier 
caller that we are acquiring more and more customers. The number of policies we are writing is 
growing. With both of this together, we should continue with mid-teens’ growth.  
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Just a follow-up on that. The fact that, we have started to see strong growth in tier 2 and tier 3 
markets. Moving into FY25, do you think that such a growth rate would be sustainable given 
that we again will have a reasonable base of that and other competitors would also be focusing 
on that market, given similar scenarios we were facing in the tier 1 market. Is that number 
sustainable as per your view? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. Absolutely, I think so. And the reason is that, we ourselves were not very present. If you 
were to look back three years ago, this was a white space for us and the sector by and large, we 
have only focused on top 10 cities and so on. 
As Niraj alluded to it earlier, wherein it is not just that we have feet on street now, it's a whole 
proposition on what products would work in tier 2 and tier 3, what measures we would have in 
place for underwriting, what kind of document is required and so on, because increasingly, the 
percentage of non-salaried customers in tier 2 is going to be meaningfully high. How do we get 
past the underwriting hurdles, what are the reinsurance arrangements that we suture up because, 
for reinsurers, these would be lower ticket, higher volume, lighter touch underwriting or a 
different underwriting conundrum. It is many things like that. 
And of course, people training, having products that are simpler in terms of give and get, having 
local regional languages in terms of outreach, the advertising and the tonality has to appeal in 
tier 2 and tier 3. So, it is a whole package, and that has taken us a couple of years ever since we 
started looking at Exide Life. 
That was a turning point. And then tax changes happened, so we just accelerated on that. But I'll 
give you another example. We do have a fairly high hurdle rate on persistency, which to some 
extent, was limiting our foray into tier 2 and tier 3 because inherent persistency is generally 
lower than top 10 cities. But for us to be comfortable with that as long as the pricing is right. Of 
course, down the line, we will showcase you how in various buckets we see persistency panning 
out. Mix could impact at a headline level. But within those cohorts, you will still see an 
improvement in persistency. Persistency will be different, mortality experience will be different 
and how do we price all of that and how do we get increasingly comfortable with that? 
I think that's the journey. This is just the tip of the iceberg, and I'm reasonably comfortable and 
confident that, the journey will continue. We will, of course, piggyback on all our partners. 
Suresh mentioned this, HDFC Bank of course, but also many other partners that we have, that 
have been operating in these segments. And we also learn from them. We learn from a lot of our 
partners that extend credit to tier 2 and tier 3 customers because they also have to do at least 
financial underwriting. That's the hack they are donning to help us with the financial 
underwriting piece. We are looking at younger lives, lesser sum assured, so that we are able to 
take initial steps into that. As regards to your question on embedded value, Eshwari, you want 
to take that? 
Eshwari Murugan: 
If I understood the question correctly, you want to understand the movement in investment 
variance that we showed last quarter and this quarter. I will explain the investment variance that 
was in June at around INR 810 crores, broadly split between impact of equity of INR 500 crores 
and interest rates of INR 300 crores. 
In Q1, equity markets had gone up by almost 10%, which was higher than the expected return 
of around 2.5% and that resulted in a positive variance of INR 500 crores. Interest rates at the 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
shorter end had fallen by around 20 bps. And since the value of our shareholder and VIF assets 
increases as interest rates go down, we had a positive variance of around INR 300 crores. 
In Q2, equity markets performed slightly better than expected at around 3%, which resulted in 
INR 50 crores increase in positive variance. But interest rate cycle has actually reversed. The 
fall that was there in Q1 reversed out in Q2. So, this almost nullified the interest rate impact that 
we got, which is why on a six month basis, majority of the investment variance of INR 650 
crores is coming from equity. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Understood. And ma'am, the question on the banca growth 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I'll give a very quick answer. Both HDFC Bank and other banks are very similar in terms of 
growth. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal.  
Prayesh Jain: 
What is the share of return of premium products? And is there a change where the share of return 
of premium products is increasing? And secondly, on VNB margins for the second half, do you 
think that you will be able to attain the margins, which will allow you to have a flattish VNB 
margin as compared to FY23? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
On the second question, yes. While it's always a challenge just given the kind of changes that 
have happened, we should be able to end at a flattish margin. We are there at the end of H1 and 
in H2 as well as on a full year basis, very similar kind of margins with mid-teens growth and 
hence, mid-teens VNB growth. Niraj, you want to give the number on the other one. 
Niraj Shah: 
Yes. So, on ROP, it's been steadily going up over the past few quarters as our presence in tier 2 
and tier 3 markets has been expanding. Currently, the number stands close to around 30%. It had 
been close to 20% in the previous period. So, it has moved in that direction. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And that also explains my earlier commentary on tier 2 and tier 3 because the products that we 
sell also have to be simple over-the-counter relevant products for that category. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And that is also the reason why possibly the overall protection margin could be weaker than 
what we had earlier? 
Niraj Shah: 
No, not really. As we mentioned in the past, the return on premium margins are not very different 
from pure term margins. It's really how the products are priced, as of course there are market 
participants choosing to price their products differently in the market. But as far as we are 
concerned, there isn't any significant difference. In fact, return of premium is not margin dilutive 
at all on protection. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth Management. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Banca channel continues to do very well. And one of the main reasons that you mentioned is, 
for the other channels a little bit weaker performance. If you look at individual APE growth 
numbers, I think agency direct, brokers and other channels, all three have declined on a year-
over-year basis. And INR5 lakh-plus ticket size business in these channels seems to be the major 
component is what I get. Are there any other big factors that are playing out there? And then you 
gave that number of INR 1,000 crores, if I remember correctly, this was only the March impact 
of more than INR 5 lakh ticket size, or maybe Feb and March. But for the full year what would 
be the contribution of more than INR 5 lakh ticket size, to get a sense of what we need to 
overcome in second half? 
Suresh Badami: 
Let me just quickly answer. Firstly, agency is not degrowing. On an H1 basis, we are growing 
at almost 10%. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
No, I meant on a Q2 basis 
Suresh Badami: 
Q2 basis, it is flat 3% growth. But like we mentioned earlier, I think agency and broking have 
been affected a bit from the greater than INR 5 lakh business. Broking, we had a significant 
presence in the wealth segment, our partnerships at many of the well-focused corporate agencies, 
and most of them had worked with us on almost exclusive or high market share basis, but we 
don't really have a problem because somewhere the distribution will attune itself to the less than 
INR 5 lakh ticket size. And agency, in some ways, takes a little more time. It is more retail, it is 
more distribution oriented. It will take some time to grow in more than INR 5 lakh. And it has 
been growing fairly well in the less than INR 5 lakh business. 
Of course, the product mix is also moving to some pension products and some other products 
where ticket sizes are high. So, we don't really see a challenge in being able to grow agency. 
One of the reasons is that we are focusing heavily in terms of building our new base of financial 
consultant, more than 30,000 agents got added, which is significantly high. We are looking at 
activation. And we do believe that those may not probably be able to catch up in some specific 
verticals like wealth, which are greater than INR5 lakh focus. But the distribution should be able 
to scale up. 
In the greater than INR5 lakh, as mentioned earlier, while there was a hiccup in what was pre-
budget and post budget, the proposition is fairly strong. Customers are also coming to terms to 
say, if you compare what’s available on debt mutual fund side, what's happened on fixed deposit 
rates, the product still remains fairly competitive. There is no reason why over a period of time, 
if you were to look at it afresh and have money in terms of asset allocation, a certain amount of 
money will continue to flow into these products, while we'll get the higher ticket size from some 
of the pension annuity products. 
Our focus is to make sure NOP grows, tier 2 and tier 3 grows, less than INR5 lakh grows, but 
there's no reason why greater than INR5 lakh should also not pick up towards the end of the 
year. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Niraj Shah: 
Just to add to that and link it back to a couple of things on the call. One is in terms of our H2 
strategy on margins that all links back up to how the topline will shape up. If we see more growth 
than what we are anticipating at this point in time, our first objective will be to ensure that our 
VNB growth is in line with what we want and margin is going to be subservient to that. We 
clearly are in a position to be able to maintain margins for the rest of the year, but if the growth 
projections are ahead of where we think at this point in time, we will strive to maintain VNB 
growth, and we can review our proposition on how we're looking at VNB margins. 
Suresh Badami: 
I'll just add. As a product strategy approach, all the products that we are designing will help us 
scale up, whether it is in tier 2 and tier 3, whether it's on the par or non-par side. We may believe 
that non-par is a product which is more price sensitive, yes, from an IRR perspective. From a 
customer proposition standpoint, we need to look at what kind of IRRs, what kind of surrender 
values. The way our products are defined, it's best-in-class for the end customer. These 
considerations gives us the confidence to say that, even with this product proposition, we are 
best in class. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Can you clarify the INR 1,000 crores number? Was that only for Feb, March? And 
what would that number be for the entire year, last year? 
Niraj Shah: 
INR 1,000 crores number was the post-budget business that we had alluded to, which we said 
was a onetime business. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Which is largely March, because Feb hardly had moved. 
Niraj Shah: 
And the overall number for the year on a total APE basis was about 12%. That is not just the 
INR 1,000 crores in March, but through the year. And that's also what I just mentioned that 12% 
equivalent is close to 6% now. So, all the conversations that we just had is that, it is not that the 
product category has died above INR 5 lakh, it is still very much there. Of course, it will take 
time to crawl back up to levels that we have seen in the past. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Vibha, the simple question I have is that given our HDFC Bank 
market share has gone up to 70%, and if I do a back calculation assuming 55% market share, 
what you had last year, I see banca as a channel.. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Sanketh, just to intervene, the share has not gone to 70%, it is 62%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes, sorry, I mean to say exit is at 70%. It is 62.5% for H1. So, if I do a simple math, what I 
conclude is that HDFC Bank as a channel for all insurance companies put together, the growth 
has been less than 10%. It's rough math, but HDFC Bank’s challenge to mobilize more deposits, 
is having some kind of an impact on their ability to grow third-party products, including 
insurance? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Vibha Padalkar: 
HDFC Bank and the team at the 7,000 plus branches are used to selling all kinds of offerings to 
their customers based on the bottoms-up need. Customers also are increasingly aware, at least 
in tier 1 and 2 towns of the concept of reinvestment risk. It's not that it is a switch and someone 
having disposable income is agnostic. Even if the RM were to pitch an FD, the customers are 
reasonably aware of reinvestment risks. They might split their disposable income in some ratio 
between fixed deposits for liquidity and for guarantee over many years, decades, in fact, to buy 
a non-par product or a protection product. 
So that's why you are seeing that overall growth being there, not only for us but for the bank as 
a whole and we expect that to continue. Would it be in the range of 20% plus? I don't know. But 
certainly, in terms of double digits, that trend should continue. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And second, from a margin point of view, if ULIP remains, because demand of the 
product is also there. If ULIP remains at the current level around 25% to 30% of the total APE, 
which is higher compared to last year, then the strategy of attaching higher sum assured in ULIPs 
can improve margins of ULIP by how much percentage? I also want to understand, high sum 
assured as a percentage of ULIP you have sold, it contributes how much to the total APE mix? 
That's point number one. And second, on non-par business, given the yield curve is very much 
flat, is the product itself seeing margin pressure compared to what you have experienced last 
year, because IRRs are demanding and supply side market is not favourable, so is non-par at 
product level seeing any margin pressure? 
Niraj Shah: 
On Unit Linked products, yes, a significant amount of business is now getting done at higher 
sum assured, which is meaningfully more profitable than what we have on a minimum sum 
assured multiple that we traditionally have on Unit Linked. But of course, it is still lower than 
company average. Can we maintain our margins while the Unit Linked mix continues in the 
25%-30% zone? We can, because we already have. In the first half, we managed to do that. 
Large part of the pressure on margins is on account of 2 things, as we discussed. One is that we 
are capacitized for high-teens growth, which we have delivered in the past periods and the 
current growth is in the 10% zone. So that is the biggest delta in terms of the margin trajectory. 
Second bit, to some extent, is product mix. But as you have seen on an overall basis, product 
mix has balanced out changes, whether it's higher protection, higher annuities or otherwise. So, 
at a portfolio level, we don't expect to see any challenge in maintaining our margins with the 
Unit Linked mix being where it is right now. On non-par, like we mentioned in the past, our 
pricing is not really dependent on which way the interest rates are. It is more in terms of our 
pricing discipline, in terms of what we are able to generate. So, if you're talking about on the 
FRA side, again, it's a pass-through from our perspective. When we were making a spread, that 
was being passed on as yields and some of it was being retained. While it is a cost now, that's 
also getting factored into our returns to the customer. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. The reason I'm asking is that because macro is in favor of other products, so to hold up 
the growth in non-par whether we will see a margin pressure in non-par at product level because 
of spread compression? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Niraj Shah: 
No, Sanketh. Honestly, I think different people have taken different calls on how to run non-par 
business. Even when the environment was different, people were offering 40 basis points higher 
IRR than we were, even today, they are doing the same. So, it's really a call that management 
takes in terms of how to price the product. As far as we're concerned, we try and stay away from 
that. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Also, some more nuances on the pricing of the product, one has to look at customer centricity in 
terms of what surrender values one gives. And devil is in detail, one can give much higher IRRs 
if the surrender value even after 10 years is abysmally low. We want to attempt to continue 
triangulating between various objectives and to also be fair to the customer. 
And you will see us repricing wherever we have to reprice. At the same time, not exiting the 
game, so to speak, we will continue to be in there. There’s usually a lag but others’ repricing 
follows. I think that will continue. It is not new. It is not only for non-par. It also very much 
applies to protection and some of the other segments. We are used to that.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Two questions. One, when you say your high-ticket non-par mix is around 10%-12% for the 
first 10 months, can you give some color on whether it is more front-loaded or back-ended? 
Some colour on what would be the mix, be in the first six months versus the last four months? 
Second, on your non-HDFC Bank, banca channels and your broker channels, is there any payout 
changes or unit economic changes across credit classes that you're seeing? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
No major commercial changes, very much business as usual. On non-par, while I don't have the 
numbers, but it is reasonably flat. From memory, if I can recall, there was no heavy back-ending 
or front-loading. It was reasonably flat except in the month of March. 
Niraj Shah: 
And just to clarify, this 12% number that we quoted was for all business above INR 5 lakh, not 
just non-par. So that's what we had called out immediately after the budget when we have done 
a call. And of course, numbers were different in March. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Naredi Investment  
Abhishek Agarwal: 
I had only one question. You said in last con-call your focus is on strengthening our partnership 
with HDFC Bank, enhancing collaboration and maximizing customer engagement within our 
group. So, has there been any improvement or is it the same as before? 
Suresh Badami: 
There's a lot more synergy in terms of our strategy as well as for HDFC Bank. We are working 
closer in terms of how we expand the market, get incremental business, both for the Bank and 
for us. We have seen improvement in our market share, and we hope we will be able to sustain 
this. A lot of this is based on certain new products that we had launched. There was a certain 
amount of synergy that came in this particular quarter. Given the open architecture, our ability 
to invest in people, look at new innovative products, look at more support, we will see a lot 
more. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Can you give a ballpark number, how much improvement in the overall relation with HDFC 
Bank after becoming subsidiary? 
Suresh Badami: 
We have grown to 62%, as our market share, is what we have declared. We have to look at it on 
a long term basis because from quarter-to-quarter, depending on either a contest launch or 
depending on new product launch or depending on something that we are doing differently on 
the ground, these things can keep going up and down. But yes, we have started seeing this going 
up at 62%. We have seen almost a 4-5% increase in our market share than prior to merger. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhuvnesh Garg from Investec Capital. 
Bhuvnesh Garg: 
Just on the APE growth. So if I understand the APE growth by ticket size, so you said that 18% 
growth in lower ticket size Y-o-Y and 20% decline in high ticket size. Is that correct, sir? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Less than INR 5 lakhs was about 18% to 20% growth and more than INR 5 lakhs, we had a de-
growth. 
Bhuvnesh Garg:                 Considering 12% of your APE comes from high ticket size and if you had 18% growth in low 
ticket size and 20% decline in high ticket size, basically blended growth should have been 13%, 
14% Y-o-Y in H1, but we had 9% growth in H1. So, I just want to understand what's the 
disconnect here. 
Suresh Badami: 
I think 18% growth was on NOP. Sorry, it was value wise. 
Niraj Shah: 
So the 12% number that we had spoken about was last year. That was our total APE percentage 
over INR5 lakh in that period. Right now, like I mentioned, that contributes to about 6% of our 
business. And that's where on a lower base, degrowth is what we're seeing at greater than INR5 
lakh. On more than 90% plus of our business, which is less than up to INR5 lakh, has seen an 
18% growth. And the ticket size on that is something which has expanded, which has neutralized 
the overall impact on ticket size. We are flat on ticket size and basically the APE growth is 
similar to volume or NOP growth. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And also, the 12% was average over the year. So, one quarter if you look at or a certain part, it 
will vary by 200 basis points here and there, but it is more in terms of average over the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
My question was more on your direct channel, where you have been pretty strong. And these 
channels would not have much of above INR 5 lakh contribution, but that channel has slowed 
down in the first half. Is there some change of strategy in your direct channel? Are you focusing 
more on HDFC Bank? What has happened to the direct channel? Because your online, offline 
both have been very strong in the past. 
Suresh Badami: 
It has been. One is that given technology and a lot of it, there are lower branch walk-ins. A lot 
of our business used to come in from the direct business. And online business also is picking up. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 13, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
The other piece is, some of our larger partners like Policybazaar, which were quoted under direct, 
are now reflects under the broking channel. That's the way we have kind of classified it. And 
one thing we need to realize is that in a lot of our partners and channels, online is actually 
becoming more horizontal because more and more people are adapting to tech, websites and 
online. 
 
Direct-to-customer is there but the interface to the customer is moving more directly. It's 
mapping change in Policybazaar and there has been a little bit of a slowdown in direct. But going 
forward, we do expect both the online business as well as the branch business to expand. We are 
expanding a certain set of branches. We are probably going to add another 75 branches. We will 
see expansion even in the direct channel as we go forward. 
Avinash Singh: 
But Policybazaar technically turned into broker much before, it was already a broker last year. 
And if you have chosen to change Policybazaar from direct to broker this year, then the broking 
channel adjusted for this has even declined much sharply. Is my understanding correct? 
Suresh Badami: 
No, I think the channel got remapped in Q3. So over a period of time, it has shifted into the 
broker channel. 
Avinash Singh: 
So you are saying that in H1 last year, Policybazaar was not part of broker. This year, it’s part 
of broker and yet broker channel has declined? 
Suresh Badami: 
Yes. Because we had significant partner presence in broking channel. Over last few years, we 
have built significant presence in the wealth channel. All the large partners like IIFL, ASK, there 
are many such wealth partners with us who had done significant business on the greater than 
INR 5 lakh. There has been a fair amount of degrowth, which has happened there. So that is 
something that we will counter in terms of retail NOP growth even through broking channels, 
and that should come back. But yes, it's had an impact for us on the broking channel. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay, clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take that as a last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Vibha 
Padalkar for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. On behalf of HDFC Life, I wish you all 
happy festivities. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team in case of any further queries. We 
look forward to connecting with you again. Good evening. 
 
 
