 
 
 
Building No. 8, 2nd Floor, Tower A 
DLF Cyber City, Phase II 
Gurugram – 122002, Haryana 
 
Tel.: +91.124 .4545300 
CIN : L749999DL1991PLC042749 
 
Website: www.icra.in 
Email: info@icraindia.com     
Helpdesk: +91 9354738909 
Registered Office: B-710, Statesman House, 148, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001.            Tel. :+91.11.23357940 
R A T I N G 
 
R E S E A R C H 
 
I N F O R M A T I O N 
 
 
  
 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
October 26, 2023 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 532835 
  
  
  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: ICRA 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Sub: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of earnings conference call 
  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings call held 
on October 23, 2023. We have uploaded the transcript on our website and the same can be accessed 
through the below URL: 
  
https://www.icra.in/InvestorRelation/ShowAnalystPresentationReport/?Id=58&Title=Investor%20Cal
l%20Transcript&Report=ICRA_H1FY24%20Investor%20&%20Analyst%20Conference%20Call%2
0Transcript.pdf 
  
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Regards, 
 
Sincerely, 
 
 
 
(S. Shakeb Rahman) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
SYED SHAKEB 
RAHMAN
Digitally signed by SYED 
SHAKEB RAHMAN 
Date: 2023.10.26 20:36:46 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
“ICRA Limited's Half Yearly FY2024 Investor & Analyst 
Earnings Conference Call”  
October 23, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMNATH KRISHNAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ICRA LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH VISWANATHAN – GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER, ICRA LIMITED  
MR. L. SHIVAKUMAR – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT & CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, 
ICRA LIMITED 
MR. K. RAVICHANDRAN – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
& CHIEF RATING OFFICER, ICRA LIMITED 
MR. SHUBHAM JAIN – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER, ICRA LIMITED 
MR. JAYANTA CHATTERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ICRA ANALYTICS 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICRA Limited Half Yearly FY2024 
Investor and Analyst Conference Call hosted by ICRA. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director 
and Group CEO, ICRA Limited; Mr. Venkatesh Viswanathan, Group Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. L. Shivakumar, Executive Vice President, Business Development and Chief Business 
Officer; Mr. K Ravichandran, Executive Vice President and Chief Rating Officer; Mr. Shubham 
Jain, Group Chief Strategy Officer; and Mr. Jayanta Chatterjee, M.D., and CEO, ICRA Analytics 
to discuss the performance of the Company during the call followed by a Q&A session. 
Before we begin today's conference call, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve some risks 
and uncertainties. Please refer to Slide #20 of investor presentation for detailed disclaimer. ICRA 
or any of its subsidiaries or the directors, officers or employees of ICRA or of its subsidiaries 
shall have no liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from any forward-looking 
statement or use of the investor presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in connection 
with this conference call. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director and Group 
CEO – ICRA to commence the proceedings. Thank you and over to you. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Thank you, Zico, and good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to ICRA's First Half 
FY24 Investor and Analyst Connect. 
Let me provide you with broad highlights of our financial performance in the first half of 
this financial year: 
The ratings business delivered a strong revenue growth of 11.8% year-on-year. And our 
subsidiary, ICRA Analytics, delivered a growth of 4.4% year-on-year. Overall, the top line 
growth was at 8.6% reflecting in a robust PBT growth of 17.6%. 
ICRA ratings revenue continue to grow despite headwinds in the bond market and in the bank 
credit market. ICRA Analytics business continues to be one of the strong pillars for growth and 
diversification as we continue to invest in critical partnerships and infrastructure to accelerate 
growth. We continue to stay focused on enhancing our technological footprint to better serve 
our clients and to drive growth. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 3 of 23 
I'm excited to inform that we have recently entered into a definitive agreement to acquire a 
majority stake in D2K Technologies India Private Limited. D2K is an established provider of 
software solutions to banks and other financial institutions. The proposed acquisition subject to 
closure of customary conditions is in line with ICRA's growth and diversification strategy and 
will enable ICRA to accelerate growth in the risk and analytics space. 
Other highlights for the first half include: 
1.
The appointment of Mr. Jayanta Chatterjee as the M.D. and CEO, ICRA Analytics
Limited. JC, as he is commonly called, will be responsible for shaping business
strategies aligned with the group's objectives, product and revenue diversification
within ICRA Analytics and business transformation. JC has been a part of senior
leadership in ICRA over the last 28 years in a number of different roles.
2.
We have recently applied to SEBI for license to commence ESG ratings business. This
is consistent with the framework announced by SEBI in the early part of this year. So,
at the present time the approval from SEBI is awaited.
3.
ICRA is now part of the MSCI India Domestic Small CAP Index.
Coming to the outlook for the rest of the year: 
Domestic economic activity witnessed a healthy albeit uneven momentum in Q2 of this financial 
year. While there was an improvement in urban consumer confidence levels with continuing 
demand for contact in intensive services, the demand for goods was mixed, as were the trends 
in private sector investment activity. There was an encouraging front loading in CAPEX by the 
Government of India and the states even as we remain circumspect that momentum could slow 
as we approach general elections. Further, an uneven monsoon, external headwinds and 
resurgence of geopolitical tensions pose some risks. ICRA continues to project FY24 GDP 
growth at 6% with risks evenly balanced. 
Finally, in terms of flow of events: 
We will cover the group financial performance, overview of our ratings, analytics businesses in 
that order, and then open it up for Q&A. 
I also take this opportunity to wish everyone here a Very Happy Dussehra, Diwali and a 
Prosperous New Year in advance. 
I will now hand you over to Mr. Venkatesh Viswanathan – Group CFO, to talk you through the 
first half’s performance in greater detail. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Ram. Hello, everyone. 
I will be covering the financial section of the presentation starting with Q2 FY2024: 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 4 of 23 
Consolidated revenue from operations for the quarter increased 6.4% to Rs.104.9 crores. ICRA 
rating revenue grew by 7.8% despite headwinds in the bond market and bank credit market. 
The securitization market continued its growth trajectory and saw a strong pickup in volumes in 
the current quarter. Overall expenses increased over the previous year on account of salary cost 
and technology investments. 
Profit before tax for the quarter was Rs.47.3 crores. 
For H1 FY2024, consolidated revenue from operations increased 8.6% to Rs.207.6 crores. ICRA 
ratings grew 11.8%, whereas Analytics growth was 4.4%. The overall growth for H1 was 
positive for bond issuances, bank credit and securitization market which reflected in a robust 
performance for rating business. ICRA Analytics’ growth was led by knowledge services. 
Overall expenses increased over the previous year on account of salary cost and technology 
investments. Profit before tax increased 17.6% to Rs.97.0 crores. That was the update on the 
financial section. Thank you. 
I now request L. Shivakumar to take over the balance part of the proceedings. 
L. Shivakumar:
Thank you, Venkat. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Shivakumar and I head the Business 
Development Functions or Ratings Business. I will talk about the rating business in two parts. 
The business environment that we that we have seen in H1, FY24 and the outlook for the same 
for the rest of the current financial year. 
Firstly, the Business Environment: 
In H1 FY24, bond issuances and bank credit showed a good growth. Bonds were up by 43.5% 
year-on-year and bank credit outstanding at the end of September grew by 6.5% over that in the 
end of FY24. This growth really came about in Q1, helped by a transient dip in bond yields and 
a good demand from the industries and services segments for bank credit. Q2 however faced 
headwinds in both the bond and the bank credit segments. The former due to volatile yields and 
the latter due to tight liquidity. 
RBI had imposed incremental CRR in the August monetary policy as you would all recall, which 
got reversed subsequently though. 
CP outstanding too saw good growth in Q1, but a sluggish Q2. The sluggish credit market of Q2 
was far outstripped by the surge of Q1 to support the H1 growth numbers. 
Securitization volumes, however, were strong in Q1 as well as in Q2. Need for diversified 
funding avenues due to tighter liquidity, need for cheaper funds, which was made possible with 
credit enhanced, cherrypicked pools supported securitization volumes, coupled this with good 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 5 of 23 
investor appetite for pools from NBFCs both large and small in this healthy securitization 
business. 
ICRA's revenue growth for both Q1 FY24 and Q2 FY24 reflect these trends observed in the 
bank credit and bond market with the swings somewhat moderated for ICRA by its consistent 
market position in securitization segment. 
I will now move to the outlook. We do not give future guidance. Government infrastructure 
spend, working capital requirements from industry and demand from NBFC will continue to 
spur growth. These would to some extent get tempered by the prevailing credit market conditions 
including uncertain yields and tight liquidity. The latter being a result of attempts at inflation 
management. Overall, for the rest of FY24, we believe that credit offtake would happen on 
expected lines. 
Thank you. That's all from my side. I would now hand you over to K. Ravichandran, our Chief 
Rating officer. 
K. Ravichandran:
Thanks, Shiv. Good afternoon to all the participants. 
Over the next few minutes, I'll be covering the performance update on rating operations: 
We finished the half year rating September '23 with further improvement in the rating accuracy 
metric, namely, Average Default Position or ADP. We ended the half year with an ADP of 
95.1% as compared to 93.3% as of FY23 end and long period average of 76%. The higher the 
ADP, the more accurate are our ratings collectively. 
Other rating accuracy metrics, namely cumulative default rate and rating stability also seen 
significant year-on-year improvement. You can refer to our website under rating performance 
for granular details. It's our endeavor to maintain such rating accuracy levels in the coming years. 
Moving to other performance trends: 
In H1, the proportion of entities whose ratings were reaffirmed or remain unchanged was at 81%, 
closer to the long period average of 80%. The credit ratio in ICRA's ratings are two times in H1 
reflected the persistence of the momentum in rating upgrades and continuation of the trends seen 
in the previous two fiscals even as the net upward pressure on the ratings was seen to be on the 
path to normalization. 
In a similar vein, the upgrade rate of ICRA's line ratings moderated to 14% in H1 after peaking 
at 19% in FY22. This reflects the normalizing upgrade momentum forced to consecutive years 
of tailwinds in the operating environment that had followed the trough induced by the COVID-
related process on credit quality. Likewise, the downgrade rate is seemed to be on the 
normalization path, and which upwards in H1 vis-à-vis the previous two fiscals. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 6 of 23 
ICRA continues to expand its research and initiate strategic market outreach and events in Q2. 
The Company hosted a high-profile market event on electric vehicles and renewable energy in 
New Delhi where Shri R.K. Singh, Hon'ble Cabinet Minister for Power and Renewable Energy, 
shared his insights as the keynote speaker. 
We also organized a joint conference with Moody's with the theme, India Credit Conference. 
Both the conferences saw high quality panel discussions resulting in positive feedback from the 
audience. 
The Company initiated 11 webinars on various focus sectors and participated in 20 market events 
with thought leaders during the quarter. Some of the notable webinars were on banking, NBFCs, 
pharma and outlook for FY24, which saw overwhelming participation from the investors, 
lenders and industry participants. 
With these remarks, let me hand over the floor to Jayanta Chatterjee, M.D. of ICRA Analytics 
Limited. Thank you. 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everybody, and I shall take the opportunity to share an overview 
of the business of ICRA Analytics Limited, (IAL) for short, which we refer to as the non-ratings 
business for the group. 
For each of the three businesses IAL, I will cover the current environment in H1 FY24 and also 
briefly touch upon the outlook. Knowledge services is our largest vertical and in H1 FY24 it 
continued to drive growth for ICRA Analytics. Although inflationary pressure continued and 
geopolitical concerns remained unabated during this period, we were able to further expand our 
value-added services for our anchor client. The outlook for the business remains strong, driven 
by trend towards digitization and AI-driven automation. We expect that focus will remain on 
business transformation, data analytics and technology services. Our client’s businesses would 
be driven by refinancing requirements, post high volume issuances in the pandemic ramp, which 
is expected to also benefit us in turn. 
Moving on to our second business vertical, which is market data: 
The regulatory push for risk management, data transparency and reporting continued to drive 
volumes in H1 FY24. We expanded our coverage during this period to provide newer services 
like stress testing and also enter into tie-ups with global data providers such as FactSet, 
Bloomberg and ICE to service other large markets, including global markets. The outlook 
remains robust, driven by trend towards cloud-based information tool and related data products 
and more of value-added services rather than pure data. This is expected to drive consolidation 
of our services and products. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 7 of 23 
Coming to our last business, which is the risk management business: 
It saw growing demand for risk solutions from banks, financial institutions and also the NBFC 
segment in H1 FY24. 
As regards outlook, we expect demand and risk management vertical to be driven by emerging 
credit decisioning and monitoring norms based on more real-time data, expected credit loss 
provisioning norms for banks as and when the sale is announced by regulator and increased 
focus by large banks to integrate various systems and have a common data and analytics factor. 
This is the update from ICRA Analytics side. 
Thank you all very much, and I now hand over the call to the operator. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from the line of Rajiv 
Mehta from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, my first question is on the domestic ratings growth. So, we have seen sequentially some 
moderation in growth. While you've outlined the macro reasons behind the same, but can you 
give us more color whether there were any reasons specific to ICRA, like any market share 
movement, any pricing movement, any change in segmental mix, etc.,? 
L. Shivakumar:
I will respond to that. I'm Shiv Kumar here. Yes, you are absolutely right and we did point out 
the macro movements which had a bearing on our revenue for Q2 both on the bonds as well as 
on bank credit. Essentially it has indeed been the market environment which had a deep influence 
on our revenues. If we look at our own position, I would say, by and large our position remains 
stable. Our strategy, our approach also remains stable, which is we are very mindful of what 
kind of business to pick up, in the sense the business has to be profitable enough. And as we've 
been maintaining over the last couple of quarters, our trust is focusing on growth segments, 
which is infrastructure, and NBFC where we have by and large maintained our share. And these 
are the segments where we've also been endeavoring to push our yield up, which is in line with 
the premium position which we enjoy in the debt market segment specifically where we are 
surely one of the preferred rating agencies. So, I would say by and large, our position is stable 
and our approach too has been very stable. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
I know that you don't guide specifically, but since we have seen some choppiness, I mean, the 
first quarter the revenue grew by 16% YoY, this quarter the revenues have grown by 8%. Do 
you see more hangover because of tighter liquidity conditions, I mean I think you just spelled it 
out, but how should we pivot our growth expectations in the future? 
L. Shivakumar:
See, I would say you look at FY24 as a whole. As I mentioned in my remarks that we are on 
track and our expectation of credit pickup which is the same as we mentioned in the earlier 
investor call. To some extent, you are right, Q1 saw a little bit of front loading, particularly 
because there was a transient dip in bond yields, so most borrowers would have made good use 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 8 of 23 
of that which possibly the one way of looking at that is that got reflected in some bit of a dip in 
Q2. I would say look at FY24 overall. We still maintain that the credit offtake should happen on 
expected lines. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
And Rajiv, just to add, probably maybe to look on a standalone Q2 basis maybe not a fair 
representation. H1 would be a better representation than Q2. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
The second question is on ICRA Analytics and specifically knowledge services. Now, this is the 
second consecutive quarter where we have where we have seen moderated growth. And when I 
say moderated, in the context of the way we grew in the past two years, the current growth rates 
are much lower. If you can spell out what has changed in the environment? I think macro you've 
given out that spending has slowed down. But specific factors to us because we've sourced a 
bulk of this revenues from our parent Moody's so if you can highlight few specific reasons for 
this lower growth coming and when can we expect this to revive? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
So, you're right, there has been a moderation in the growth rate that you have seen. And as we 
have mentioned in our call also, the reason primarily is the global slowdown that we are seeing 
and that is having an impact in terms of the way the business is flowing. We are working on two 
levers. One is the increased value-added segment and that is something that we keep sourcing 
as and when we interact with our clients. And whenever we get that opportunity, we do proof-
of-concept and those are the ones which will move it further into the value-added domain going 
forward. We do expect that the overall global slowdown will continue for some time given the 
uncertainty. But this strategy is something we expect should play out as we move along. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Just lastly a broader question on margin. Now that we are now set on the revenue growth run 
rate that we are looking forward. What are the margin levers available for us to pull up margins 
from where we are over the next four, five quarters? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sorry, is this a question for ICRA? 
Rajiv Mehta: 
I would say it's an aggregate question. So, if you can just highlight margin levers both on the 
rating side as well as the admin expense? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
From a lever perspective, I think if you look at the analytics side, it is largely the headcount and 
utilization. There will be some level playing that we will have on the headcount if we are not 
able to get an uptick on the business. As far as the rating side is concerned it's largely linked to 
revenue. With the kind of investments that we are looking in technology, I think that will 
eventually get us an operational efficiency and process efficiency. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
If you look at the margins, you have to look at obviously at a business level. If you look at 
ratings, despite our continued investments in technology and in people, we've maintained our 
margins in the ratings business and for the reasons explained by JC the non-ratings business 
housed in our subsidiary ICRA Analytics. there has seen some dip. But as things stabilize, as we 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 9 of 23 
go forward, we expect that to improve as well and then we expect overall margins to also start 
improving as the benefits from our technology investments start delivering as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Balaji from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Balaji: 
I have two questions. So, first is on this recent JP Morgan announcement of inclusion of Indian 
bonds in the emerging market index. Could you talk a bit about how this would be positive for 
Indian markets in general and how this would help deepen the Indian bond market? My second 
question is on the knowledge services segment again. So, if I look at it, most of it is related to 
your parent Moody's and your annual revenue run rate is somewhere around 150 crores or a little 
below $20 million. Now, while we have talked about inflationary pressures impacting this in the 
short term, shouldn't this be largely immune to macro slowdown considering that this $200 
million is miniscule compared to the segmental revenues of both Moody's Analytics and 
Moody's Investor Services, both of which I understand are north of two and a half billion dollars 
of annual revenue? A related follow up is that even if one were to assume that you are susceptible 
to slow down at Moody's, Moody's own numbers as I look at their financials appear to have 
bottomed out in late 2022 and early 2023. And they have been largely recovering since. Of 
course, we have only one extra quarter of data, but at least that seems to suggest a recovery. So 
how should one reconcile this and the slowdown that we have seen in the knowledge services 
segment? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
I will start with the second one. So, you are right that on a broad level, definitely the macro 
should have limited impact as you say. But nevertheless, one must keep in mind that ICRA 
Analytics is not the only service provider to this client. There is also insourcing which is done. 
So, they have a center which does the similar kind of work in India and there are also centers 
across the globe to which this work is outsourced. So as a result, it's a competitive business 
where IAL has to compete with other providers of this business. And while we have been able 
to maintain our position in this market, definitely, stability of our processes and the way in which 
we have scaled up the business is testimony to the fact that we have been able to derive a lot of 
efficiency, which is also driving business this side. But I would also emphasize that it's not like 
every business from Moody's would come to us. So, there is a competition there as well. So that 
is something that would explain the way in which the trends that you are seeing. Coming to your 
other question regarding inclusion of India in the JP Morgan emerging bond market index, I 
think starting from June, this is to the extent of 10%. This inclusion is expected to drive more 
and more investment into government securities bonds. We are already seeing that some 
discussion has started around this factor, and we expect that as we move into the next year that 
is FY25 there should be increasing interest in government securities and government bonds, 
investment in Government of India securities, which should definitely help our own bond 
markets grow from the way they are at the current moment. So, this is a positive. The overall 
10% may not be reached immediately, but it will scale up over a period of time. So, we expect 
that gradually as we move into the third and 4th Quarter of FY25, this trend should be more 
prominent. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 10 of 23 
L Shivakumar: 
Just to add to that, we've always been saying that the GSec or the government borrowings tend 
to crowd out the corporate bond market in India. So, this is one factor which will give some 
headroom for development of bond market and over a period of time this should definitely be 
helpful to development of bond market in India. 
Balaji: 
So, just basically on the first response on the analytics, so if I understood it right, since the macro 
conditions are a little unfavorable, it would be fair to say that Moody's has also insourced little 
bit of work, right, is there. Did I hear you right in addition to the other competitive factors that 
you just outlined? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
That's correct, Balaji. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
See, to some extent, Balaji, what actually gets diverted to us is the service provider is a function 
of the business flows that Moody's themselves. see globally. If those business flows actually 
slow down, then what gets actually diverted to us or outsourced to us also will reduce. So, it's a 
function of the throughput that they see and what gets actually diverted towards us. So, it's a 
leverage play on their revenue or their business clause as well. So, if they are facing headwinds 
in terms of business flows, then naturally the level of business that actually get diverted to us 
will get impacted as well to some extent, but I mean obviously it's something that we hope and 
expect to sort of get back to near normalcy sooner than later. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments. Please go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the rating business. Is it possible to get some insights on 
how the pricing works when any client comes to enhance its bank loan facility? Hypothetically, 
let's say if there is 50% enhancement in the value of rated debt, how much would that translate 
into incremental revenue fees for us? I'm sure there will be multiple angles to look at it, but how 
should one look at it, can you please help me understand this as well? 
L Shivakumar: 
See, at a very broad level, the pricing is a function of the volume of debt being rated. This holds 
true for bank credit, that is the bank loan ratings as well as for the bond ratings, including 
commercial paper, etc., So that broad principle holds. So, whenever an existing entity comes to 
us with an enhanced requirement, there is an initial rating fee and an annual surveillance fee 
applicable on the enhanced fees as well. So, that's the broad principle which holds true. 
Varun Bang: 
Is it possible to get revenue split in the rating business again between large corporate and 
MSME? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
To maintain parity of information, we don't disclose that specifically, so we can't give that 
information. 
Varun Bang: 
But let's say it's large corporate has almost 74% share in the total industrial credit, is that ballpark 
same holds true for us on the BLR side? 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 11 of 23 
L Shivakumar: 
No, it's difficult to say. Let's see. You are looking at RBI segmental credit to arrive at this 
number. See, as far as we are concerned, our overall revenue mix comprises debt market ratings 
as well as bank loans. Now, smaller entities mostly would be rated for bank loan, the larger 
entities would be rated for both, debt market as well as bank loan. So, we've not looked at it the 
way you've addressed it or rather you have had a look at that particular number. So difficult to 
comment on that ratio as such. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
But I can respond to your question slightly differently at an industry level. At an industry level, 
if you look at the composition of volume of debt rated, typically, your market instruments would 
account for a fairly significant portion. When I say a significant portion, I'll say upwards of 60%. 
So, 65:35 would broadly be the mix between your market instruments and your bank borrowings. 
So, the bank borrowings will be a smaller ticket relatively speaking and the market instruments 
will be a larger ticket. 
Varun Bang: 
Second one is on the ESG rating provider. I mean ESG providers are now regulated under the 
provisions of CRA regulations and most of the rating companies including us have incorporated 
a separate subsidiary. What in your opinion is the regulator’s thought process here and what is 
our sense of the opportunity and how do you think this should evolve? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sorry, I didn't get your question. Can you repeat it please? 
Varun Bang: 
Yes, so this is on the ESG rating provider. A question was what is the regulator thought process 
here and what is your sense…how could it evolve? And I think the framework is quite 
comprehensive. Would that mean the industry would have decent opportunity in this space? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Yes. See, I think it’s still early days yet. I mean at the moment in fact, I mean like what has been 
prescribed by the regulator just the framework within which every ESG rating provider has to 
operate. But I think the way to look at it is not to look at this in isolation, you will have to look 
at ESG as a whole… as an area which can be addressed not necessarily through the ERP 
Company, but through our risk analytics franchise as well. So, we will be looking at it 
holistically. So, it remains to be seen as to how it plays out. But generally speaking, given the 
attention that is receiving from the regulators, from the international investor community, etc., 
so we expect this to actually evolve quite considerably overtime, but I think it will be a journey. 
Varun Bang: 
If we see initial years of Moody's post separating from Dun & Bradstreet for many years, they 
heavily bought back shares from the market and eventually forfeited a large chunk of share 
capital raise and over a period of time had no significant impact on earning per share. I would 
like to hear your thoughts on the same. Are we open to look at such options? I mean, Moody's 
current holding in our Company can give us liberty to look at such options. Can you please share 
your thoughts? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
See, the issue is we cannot comment on this because it's a UPSI information. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 12 of 23 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nitesh Reggae from Chris Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Reggae: 
Just following on the question from the earlier participant, what would be the current market 
size of the ESG rating market? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
See, at the moment, it has to essentially be a function of how the regulatory expectations are and 
how the regulator expects these to be managed. At the moment it's not mandatory, right? So, it 
is not essential for any entity to get themselves rated from an ESG perspective. So, there is 
obviously a voluntary solicitation that takes place, but that is purely voluntary. So, therefore, to 
determine the market size from the point of view of how much of this can be monetized, I think 
it is still difficult to determine in a country like India. You can probably hazard a guess to 
determine what the addressable market might be in terms of how many corporates and based on 
the size of their debt might have ESG implications. But how much of that is likely to be 
monetized or could be monetized is difficult to tell because at the moment it's not actually 
mandatory. So that's why I said, I mean, this is an area I think that will evolve over time. So, it 
is an interesting area, it's very topical, receiving a lot of attention, I think there are baby steps 
that are being taken, but how it will evolve as a business proposition, I think only time will tell. 
Nitesh Reggae: 
Could you highlight who are the other players in this segment? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
See, at the moment you have obviously a few international entities like MSCI and you have 
Sustainalytics. And locally, at the moment obviously there are voluntary gradings provided by 
a few Indian entities, but internationally essentially, it's just a handful of them. And this is outside 
of the ratings community internationally, obviously our parent, Moody's is involved in it and so 
are the some of the other international credit rating agencies. 
Nitesh Reggae: 
So, we have a substantial amount of cash on our balance sheet. Could you highlight any capital 
allocation plan? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
We constantly evaluate our capital allocation and you would have seen in the past we have 
increased the dividend payout, we have also had a recent announcement about the acquisition of 
D2K and we assure you that we will continue to relook at this on a periodic basis and ensure that 
we maximize value to all stakeholders. 
Nitesh Reggae: 
Could you also highlight the synergies you're looking at from this D2K acquisition and any 
thoughts on it? 
Shubham Jain: 
Thanks for your question. So, this D2K acquisition is in line with our growth and diversification 
strategy. So overall ICRA revenue you know is well diversified currently between ratings and 
research and analytics. Now, this acquisition of D2K further helps us to accelerate growth and 
risk and analytics space. So, what we see is ICRA's brand, sectoral expertise, existing client 
engagement, very strong in-depth infringement in BFSI coupled with D2K's domain and 
technology will create significant value to clients in the risk and analytics space. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 13 of 23 
Nitesh Reggae: 
How large is this segment and who are the other major players? 
Shubham Jain: 
This segment if you see is very large and there are a lot of like fintech companies also who are 
growing very, very rapidly in this risk and reporting and compliance domain serving the BFSI. 
So, there is no like sizing asset, there are no reports, but market remains very large. We have 
similar products like EWS which is the flagship product of D2K with the brand of CRisMac. So, 
we have competing products from the Arbitree or a Crediwatch, Probe42, etc., 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
To answer your question a little differently, the addressable market is essentially the entire 
lending community. So that's your entire BFSI space and this is again constantly expanding and 
naturally this is an area that's constantly and rapidly evolving. There are a number of new 
regulatory requirements that actually keep coming into play. So therefore, these analytics tools 
will also have to be up to speed in keeping with the market developments. So, I think as an 
opportunity, I think it's enormous and I don't think I mean that's going to be a limiting factor at 
all. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment Management 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
So, basically two questions. One is I think we mentioned margins and we were able to kind of 
maintain margins, but that's like more on a YoY or a QoQ basis. But if we look at the overall 
rating margins profile compared to with last 10 years average versus last two years, we are 
probably at the lowest margin profile that we've ever been in our history, right, 10, 15 years of 
history. So, we are at the bottom of that margin. So, if any color that you could kind of share on 
where do margins go from here, is it the new norm, is it the new level that one should expect or 
there are enough levers for us to kind of up the operating leverage growth or whatever that we 
are working with and that we could expect some normalization of margins to happen in the 
ratings business? And second is this reorganization of costs between ratings and analytics that 
we have done, which I think we've mentioned for the last two quarters, and also, we've 
emphasized on this tech spends that we are doing right now. So, if you could just elaborate a 
little bit more as to in what nature are these tech spends, what is this all reorganization, is this 
something that is long been needed at the firm level and we are doing now or is it some kind of 
a reorganization that we are doing, if you could just spend a little time and share some insights 
as to what and what are the things that we are doing, it will be helpful for us? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
On the first question, which was on the rating margins. On the rating margins as an organization, 
I think there is some way for us to go and we are cognizant of the fact that the margins has to 
improve. I do understand that the peak margins which you're quoting, they may not essentially 
what we are looking, but having said that, we are aware of the fact that couple of years back we 
were at 35% margin and most of the rating business has a higher level of margin. Though, we 
don't give any forward-looking guidance, but our endeavor is to keep on working on operational 
efficiencies. There are two levers essentially in the rating business. One is obviously the pricing 
and what you call increasing up the revenue and the second is mostly on the cost side which is 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 14 of 23 
operational efficiencies. I think these two are a focus area for us as management and we are 
working towards that, and our aim is to improve the margins year-on-year basis.  
Ravi Purohit: 
So, the reason actually I asked that, when I look at, let's say, CRISIL from last 10-15 years point 
of view, right, it's not like CRISIL has faced some immense margins drop in the last two years 
or three years, right? So, their margins are actually pretty much right at the long-term average 
side. So, it looks like it is a Company specific issue. So is it something that we need to solve for, 
because pricing should then impact everybody else, right, not just us alone in that sense. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan 
No, I think when I said pricing, in the sense, pricing was one aspect of it. I also did mention 
about the operational efficiencies, which is on the cost side we are working as a strategy. That's 
where the tech spend will also come into play. So, it's not a single strategy purely linked to price. 
We also need to, if you ask me go for more client acquisition. It is pricing ,  client acquisition as 
well as working towards operational efficiency. This forms a part of our strategy as well where 
we actually look into all of these. We are working in many of these areas and are hopeful that 
we will be in a position to move needle there. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
The second question was in terms of the allocations between the ratings and the analytics side. 
From the current year we are using, and this also addresses in one way or the other when we 
were talking about the first question, group resources to take on more responsibility, which 
means with the same set of resources we will be serving, let’s say, analytics or any other entities. 
We have put a framework wherein some of the costs which were being earlier essentially sitting 
in one particular entity, with the better utilization of resources, we are also passing on this cost 
to the other entity. So, at a group level, I do agree that at the initial stage, you will not see any 
impact, but eventually this will lead to consolidation, and we will see some kind of an efficiency 
flowing in a couple of years. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Just to elaborate further on the corporate functions particularly, like your finance, compliance 
and legal, secretarial etc., so we had duplication of infrastructure if you like, we had 
infrastructure at the parent level and then we had similar infrastructure established in some of 
our subsidiaries as well. So, what we did at the start of this financial year was to agree a shared 
services framework where all the corporate functions were essentially managed centrally and to 
avoid such duplication and with a view to deriving better operating efficiencies and naturally 
this shared services framework that we got into also would result in a cross charge being applied 
based on how the resources are allocated. So, it results in better operating efficiencies and 
segmental profitability what is actually getting reflected or what will get captured going forward 
will be a truer reflection of the actual profitability. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
The third was some color on the tech spends. I will bucket this into three or four category so that 
you get a clarity on how we are looking at this. One is there is some amount of a catch up that 
we actually need to do an investment. So, that is a component which is out of the overall scheme 
of things, it is small, but there is an amount involved which would largely reflect the info controls 
and those kinds of stuff. The second piece of technology investment looks at investing more in 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 15 of 23 
products or client related assignments or delivery where we can enhance delivery of our products 
or solutions to the client. The third bucket is largely trying to get operational efficiencies. This 
involves a relook at the process and automate the current process that we have and see if we can 
generate any efficiencies there. And the fourth part of this investment is a bit futuristic where 
we are actually relooking at the model and see if we can adopt some of the latest technology, 
something like AI at a faster pace. So, to address the tech spend, it's three or four areas that we 
are looking now and there are spends happening across these areas as we speak. 
Ravi Purohit: 
So, would we spend more like we spend, so if I have to share an analogy, it's like you're running 
on a treadmill for you to be at the same place you keep running, right, so are these spends in the 
nature of that for us to be relevant, we need to kind of keep spending these every year or do we 
actually see some monetization benefits out of these either in the form of higher business or 
higher margins? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
One of our core strategies is to use this and obviously enhance the margins. So, when we spoke 
about ratings earlier, technology investment should play a significant role in helping us meet 
that journey or the margin aspiration that we have. There is a fair amount of that recurring 
treadmill running but there are some things which is definitely is going to be margin accretive. 
There is an amount of time that it will take and so that is something which we want to call out. 
Ravi Purohit: 
The second part of my question is basically on the outsourcing business, the ICRA Analytics 
part. How does one kind of look at evolution of this thing, right? So, there was a phase where 
we kind of grew fairly nicely many years back, then, there was again a phase of lull, where for 
2-3 years we did not grow and then again post COVID there has been a very strong three-year
period when we virtually doubled our business in the outsourcing piece over the 3.5-year period, 
right, and now again we've hit like two quarters where the growth has kind of come off 
dramatically. So is it like project-to-project or do you have to kind of keep looking for newer 
projects within the Moody's universe, because I mean the scale is like really small even now, 
right, it's like aggregate basis, it is not even 200 crores per annum, right. So, there is a large 
opportunity. So how does management look at growing this business or evolving this business 
over a period of time? And how should we as investors kind of assess and say that look, things 
sometimes you may have a few quarters or a year or two where it may consolidate and then you 
can have another leg of growth coming in from different divisions or segments, if you can just 
give some color on the path growth to this business? 
Ravi Purohit: 
It's like a random thing, right? Every quarter we see the numbers and that's about it, right. There. 
Is absolutely no connection that we can make as outside investors, right? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
I think there are three or four questions built into that. I will try to answer a few and I will also 
then pass on this to JC. One is I think most of our business including the rating I think to look at 
on a quarter basis may not be correct I think we should look at it from a full year basis because 
we get a full flair of the numbers. The last three years this business has given a very strong 
growth because we did get opportunities to work on the ESG segment. To answer your first 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 16 of 23 
question, this business depends upon two-part ,  One is you have a very steady stream of revenues 
which is we call it as an FTE, the Full Time Equivalent. So that gives you stability for the 
business. And the second part of this is the project. So, it has got a combination. 80% to 85% of 
the revenue from this will largely be on an FTE model. The second part of it, which is on a 
project basis, it depends upon how the projects you get from the host Company or the parent 
Company. This again is dependent upon the policy of the Company, how they want to look at 
outsourcing and the second is obviously the global economic factors that they are in. In the last 
three years we had a good run. In the current year as outlined earlier, there was some challenge 
in the global economy itself and we did see an impact of this in the projects that we have. I think 
most of the time the question comes here is how to size or create or see how this business grows 
in future which i think JC did cover this. We have to compete with other service providers to get 
business. So, there is no free lunch from Moody's and also from their governance perspective it 
is more than fair for them to ask us to price ourselves well and be competitive. We compete like 
any other service providers with them and win business. We have a track record and in the last 
four or five years we have delivered well and we have a continuing relationship with them and 
we are confident that this will help us grow. Coming back to the next question, the forward-
looking is a bit tricky that we don't get into that space, but I think I've answered most of the 
questions. JC, you may want to add any points here. 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Venkat, I'll just add a few points to what you mentioned. While the growth that you are seeing 
in the last three years has been robust. what has driven this growth and the capabilities that we 
have imbibed, which are helping us to grow is basically very strong process capabilities in data 
extraction, data analysis and very specific verticals of Moody's which has helped us to grow the 
business. Now, as we mentioned earlier, certain business in ESG which came to us has grown 
quite a lot and that's something which has supported us in the last two years, I would say. Going 
forward, our endeavor always is to look at these kinds of segments where value- added 
component is high. As you know the way financial markets are evolving, these businesses will 
keep coming in the fold of our client and the way in which we can capitalize on it is our proven 
expertise in process excellence, which is very well recognized within the system. So, I would 
say that, yes, I mean a project can have a certain volatility around the baseline of FTE. But these 
projects we expect we should be able to capitalize more, more and more as we go forward. So, 
to answer your question, you would see a certain volatility, but there would be areas where we 
can capitalize on our excellence, and we are very sure. Not only that, but we are also looking at 
non-Moody's options and we are exploring the market to see both on domestic as well as on 
global front as to where we can go with our capabilities in process excellence and data analytics 
which can service the financial markets in US very well. And it's a question of finding and 
growing those clients as we move along. 
Ravi Purohit: 
This is basically regarding this acquisition that we've made of D2K Technology, right. This is 
probably one of the few acquisitions we've made in a long time in the listed Company, right. So, 
if you could just spell out or share our strategy behind what kind of areas are we looking and are 
we looking to acquire skills or are we looking to acquire clients when we do M&A, right? So, 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 17 of 23 
something like a D2K, will it add skills to our capabilities or is it going to add clients because 
when so happens that you have a lot of cash and you get opportunities. Even if the opportunity 
is not as attractive or as let's say profitable as our current existing business, we may still end up 
doing it. Does it really make sense to do it? We only know after like three years or four years or 
five years of having acquired the Company. So, if you could just share what goes into our minds 
with regards to this acquisition? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
First and foremost, the first box that needs to be ticked is to see whether the business that we are 
acquiring or we're looking to acquire provides synergistic fit to what we do as a business and 
what we want to do as a business. So essentially to answer that differently, it has to be related to 
risk analytics and which is core to our franchise. So that's point #1. Point #2, we naturally would 
like to invest only into those businesses that are either profitable already or where we have a 
clear visibility into when the operation might become profitable. So, we're not looking to invest 
for the sake of investing. So, it has to bring value to our franchise, it has to be synergistic to what 
we do at the present time or for that matter, areas that we want to get into. So, it has to be 
essentially at the present time, we're only looking at risk analytics as an area where we would 
like to expand. Naturally, when we actually make such acquisitions, first and foremost, it needs 
to be an established operation, it needs to have pretty good acceptability in the market and 
naturally the expectation is that we will take over the customers that they have as well. And what 
we additionally look for is the value that they can bring from a tech stack perspective, which we 
can use across the board in our various group entities. In this particular instance, we believe that 
all these boxes have been ticked and which is the reason why we have signed this definitive 
agreement. But whenever we look at such opportunities in the future, all these parameters will 
be evaluated in detail and only if these boxes get ticked… and of course I'm not for a minute 
discounting the cultural fit, that's obviously very, very important. That's something that we look 
at as well. But these are the parameters that we will typically look at whenever we look at 
opportunities in the inorganic space. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
I had two questions. First was on the employee cost. When we look at our employee cost, it has 
grown at a faster rate than our revenues and it has been growing for a while. Can you throw 
some light on what's happening there, is it like we are restructuring our teams, or we are seeing 
upfronting in terms of employee addition or it is normal wage hike, how do one look at the 
employee cost growth rate for both analytics business and the ratings business? Second, in terms 
of the investment phase, when we look at our OPEX both on the technology side and employee 
side overall, we've seen there's been quite a few moneys going behind both of these aspects. And 
you touched upon the technology side. But if we were to think on the phase of the investment, 
where would we be ICRA as a Company is in the phase like, are we in the middle of the phase 
or we are towards the back end of the phase in terms of this OPEX investment so that that can 
help us understand incrementally how much growth we will see in cost compared to the revenue 
growth? 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 18 of 23 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
There were two questions. One is on the employee cost. How do we look at it? We are pretty 
much done in terms of correction. If you take an H1 cost, I think it will give you a fair 
representation of how our cost will be at least for a full year. I'm not saying that from a forward-
looking perspective, but it will give you a fair representation. The second part is from a tech 
perspective, I think we have done a fair amount of leg work. I did mention that there are four or 
five buckets and each of them are in a different phase. I would say we have reasonably spent and 
from a journey perspective but it’s very difficult to put whether I am in the mid because there 
are five different initiatives that we are looking at. But if you really want to get a sense, I will 
say around 25% or 30% is where the journey has been. I'm not saying the cost because that is an 
outcome of multiple factors, but from an overall journey perspective. There is still a journey and 
there will be some more investments, but we are sure that these investments will help us build 
some of those process efficiencies and help us to get those margins where we want to be. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
On the knowledge services business, like when I look at the number of employees or the 
headcount that get added for the last six to eight months, we're not seeing addition in the 
headcount for the ICRA Analytics as a whole, while our understanding was that that would be a 
lead indicator for the growth in the entire ICRA Analytics. Secondly, since we are kind of trying 
to scale the non-Moody's business in India and globally also like what's the disconnect there like 
ideally should we see like headcount increase in the ICRA Analytics because we're trying to 
grow both the Moody's analytics business and non-Moody's business in India? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
I think we have not added much incremental headcount during the year and that’s a correct 
assessment. As I mentioned in my earlier conversation, there are two parts to this business. One 
is the steady state of headcount which gives you what you can call it as a fixed run rate, and the 
second part is the project. Every year what typically happens is your 80% to 85% of your revenue 
comes from full time equivalent or an FTE and there's a leverage that we have wherein on 15% 
,depending upon client budget, how their economy works, you will be able to leverage and get 
more out of it. In H1, we did see some challenges in the global economy due to which we have 
seen a muted growth in the knowledge services. We do believe that Moody's did have a good 
last quarter and that gives us some hope for opportunities. It's not the same that if the headcount 
addition doesn't happen, we have challenges and you still have an ability depending on how we 
are able to tap opportunities to leverage and grow.  
Ramnath Krishnan: 
And also, in the knowledge services business, particularly even as you rightly said, the headcount 
or the addition to headcount is the lead indicator. You must also understand that there is a lag 
between the headcount build out and the actual business delivery because the way these contracts 
typically evolve is, first, we get an indication as to how many people will be required. We go 
through proof-of-concept which could be a four months affair, or it could be six months or eight 
months. Once that is actually done and depending on the results and the efficiency of our 
delivery, the actual contract gets awarded. So, the monetization of that could take place either 
four months or six months or eight months after initiation of the headcount build out. So, there 
will be a lag. So, it is a lead indicator, yes, but the lag could actually be some months. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 19 of 23 
Kunal Thanvi: 
So, does it mean that for the project that we would be expecting say in the H2 we have already 
built out the head count last year itself because the lag would be say 6 to 8 months in some 
project, is that the right understanding? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
It's entirely a function of when the proof-of-concept actually exercise starts. So, it could happen 
at the start of the year, it could happen in the middle of the year, it could happen towards the end 
of the year. So, it's entirely a function of when the need actually gets expressed to us by the other 
party. It could be Moody's… at the moment is Moody's, but it could be anybody else as well. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Last question again is on the non-Moody's part of non-rating business. In one of the interviews 
earlier we had said that in next five years we expect that business to grow at a much faster rate. 
So, can you throw some light on that part of the business both in terms of the revenue trajectory 
and also in terms of profitability, because if we look at the last three, four quarters the profit drag 
from ex of knowledge services in non-rating has been increasing. So, if you can talk about the 
growth trajectory part and the profitability part in non-rating business ex of Moody's or 
knowledge services? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
So, ex of Moody's as you mentioned, there are two businesses, one is market data and one is 
banking and risk management. So, in market data, we are providing valuation to AMCs in India 
and this is going on a daily basis and that's something which is used by the fixed income business 
for valuing their portfolio. The other services that we have started in market data is in terms of 
rating trackers and trading solutions, which are seeing traction as we move along and not only 
in the mutual fund segment, but also in the corporate and the AIF we are seeing good traction 
coming from these products. So, while you did mention that there is some kind of a slower 
growth that you are witnessing and some margin pressure there that you are witnessing there, I 
would like to mention that the segments that we are addressing now and the areas of growth that 
we have selected, we should see much better performance in this market data as we move along. 
We have also mentioned that we have tied up with certain global data providers like Bloomberg, 
FactSet and ICE and that should also see increasing revenue as we move forward into the coming 
quarters. The other thing is on banking and risk management. I would agree with you that traction 
has been a bit slow, but we do expect that with impending regulation coming from banking 
segment on ECL provisioning, there is a big opportunity which is lying there. In addition, 
NBFCs already have moved into ECL norms and we are seeing good traction in that business as 
well. So, even in the banking and risk management part, we expect that traction should be much 
better as we move forward. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
And this is an area again where we believe that the current acquisition that we've announced, 
D2K, that will add significant value. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
This D2K they were Rs.15 crores of revenue last year what would be the ballpark profits that 
they did or it was not making profits? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
It has been profitable since the time it was set up. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 20 of 23 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Will you be able to share some quantum of progress that they've made in FY23? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan : 
At this point in time this has not been disclosed to the exchange, so we are a bit cautious, but 
having said that, we can just say that it has been profitable till last year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Paresh Sangani from Club Millionaire. Please go ahead. 
Paresh Sangani: 
First question is on the rating margin. It is surprising with the sequential drop simply because 
this quarter we would have had the highest securitization volumes ever. So obviously there's 
been a high margin product, ideally a margin should have been held up or gone up. So just 
thoughts on that, Venkat. 
V Viswanathan: 
Just one thing typically if you look at rating margins as such, the rating revenue growth has been 
a bit lower in Q2 outlined by Shiv earlier. We did see that there was a degrowth in both the bond 
market and bank credit. So, we did see a lower percentage revenue growth, which in a way had 
some impact on the margins. But I think the better way to look would be at an H1 level where 
we have seen at least a slight uptick in the margin and we do hope that in the next six months, if 
the credit growth holds up I think the numbers should get reflected somewhere. But the Q2 was 
a bit dampener, especially at the market level. 
Paresh Sangani: 
Within the rating space itself in terms of revenues, a couple of factors. We see huge interest rates 
hitting all-time highs with the 5% yield over there and the rupee depreciation happening, would 
you expect a lot of refinancing to happen from Indian corporates from being booked on the 
resources. So therefore, would you have a faster banking credit growth asset? And the second 
aspect within that was we had seen about 20,000-odd companies across the credit rating space 
who had stopped rating completely about four or five years back or maybe even six years back, 
right. With the credit scenario being very benign. Are you seeing any signs of them coming back 
to the credit market, I mean in terms of credit ratings? 
L Shivakumar: 
We agree with you on this point. Domestic borrowings would be more economical very clearly. 
That's a trend we've seen for more than a year now ever since the Russia-Ukraine conflict broke 
out. That trend continues. On your second point, yes, you are right that lot of corporates had 
deleveraged significantly right through the pandemic phase. We do expect them to come back 
and borrow, but at the same time, these corporates are a lot more cautious today in terms of the 
investments they do, the timing of investments, all this is a function of what kind of demand 
they see. But we are indeed seeing a pickup or the early signs of a pickup in the private sector 
CAPEX. Some sectors are already seeing it, for example in steel, and there are entities which 
have enhanced the borrowing limits. On both the points you are right, it will play out over the 
next couple of quarters. 
Paresh Sangani: 
Within the analytics space, right, I saw in the presentation you mentioned that there has been a 
collaboration or you're looking for a collaboration with leading global data providers for value 
added services, right, within the knowledge services space, which is apart from Moody's. So, 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 21 of 23 
were you referring to Bloomberg, FactSet and something like this? And can you talk a bit more 
about this in detail? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
So essentially in the case of FactSet, we are providing them with validation data, which will be 
firing their attribution tools, FactSet as a lot of attribution tools which are used by their 
customers. So, in order to use those tools, they need valuation data. So, we are providing that 
data to them and this will be used by FactSet clients tools at their end. So, this is something that 
the utilization of this will pick up as we go along. The trend might be a bit slow initially, but as 
and when the familiarity grows, we expect this to pick up quite well in the coming quarters. So 
that is on FactSet. On Bloomberg, similarly, our valuation data for fixed income securities is 
now being made available through the Bloomberg terminals for all their users. And that's also 
something which we expect will add to our revenues as we move along because Bloomberg has 
a good market share in this space and moving forward that should be something which will add 
a lot of traction to our own market data, services, and products that we. As far as ICE is 
concerned, we used to provide ICE with security level valuation for corporate bonds. We are 
now moving into state development loans as well and that's something that should get formalized 
and usage of that we expect to pick up quite well going forward. So, these are the three tie-ups 
that we have done. And while we were very strong in the AMC space domestically, we expect 
that these tie-ups should take us into the global markets as well through these data and service 
providers. 
Paresh Sangani: 
So just to clarify, this tie-up that we have with them, is it both for domestic as well as your 
international business, how is it normally? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Yes, all the terminal users, both global and domestic. 
Paresh Sangani: 
Final question is regarding the D2K acquisition, right. From what I saw within the presentation 
and the disclosure, it looks like it was a product offering which similar to what we already do 
within our RMS site. So how is it very different? I mean, I'm sure we would have had a product 
something on these counts already. So how is it really different? In that sense. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
No, it's only complementary to what we do at the moment. So even if you look at the two main 
products that are there in D2K, one is the early morning alerts that they provide to the lending 
institutions aggregating number of multiple data points. We don't have that in our product suite 
at the moment though we've been thinking of actually developing it, now we don't need to. The 
other one is they have the income recognition and asset classification identifiers. Again, that 
they provide to lending institutions, primarily banks and NBFCs. Again, something that we do 
not have. So, they are complementary to what we have, and they will not cannibalize any of our 
existing revenue streams. 
Paresh Sangani: 
Just one final clarification. These will be on what on SaaS basis that will be provided to the 
customers? 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 22 of 23 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Sorry, come again. 
Paresh Sangani: 
The pricing will be on SaaS basis or something similar to our customers. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Software-as-a-service as well as on-premises, both of them will be there. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mahesh Purohit from H J Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Purohit: 
My first question is regarding the analytics business. We did an acquisition this quarter. So, is it 
proper to understand that in the analytics business, especially the non-Moody's side, will we be 
doing more acquisitions in the coming years? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Sorry, we can't answer that. 
Mahesh Purohit: 
But will that be one of the strategies for growth in the future? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
I think it's fair to say that, I mean, we will constantly be on the lookout for opportunities. And 
as I said, like if it ticks all the boxes, both organic and inorganic that I had actually talked about 
earlier, then naturally it will receive serious consideration. 
Mahesh Purohit: 
My second question is about the ratings business. So, we are seeing decent growth in the Indian 
GDP and also the government CAPEX on infrastructure and also, we're expecting private 
CAPEX to pick up. So, considering all that and also the expansion of the bond market, so could 
we expect better growth rate in the ratings business over the next five years? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Ratings business is a leverage play on how the market activity pans out, right. So, it's a function 
of how this pans out and it's entirely a function of that. I think at the at the present time as we've 
seen in the first half of this year, the ratings business has seen revenue growth of just a little 
north of 11%. But it's always going to be a function of how the market activity, how the credit 
offtake, how that actually builds out. So, the spends will have to kick in. In the first half of this 
year, it has been largely state-led and the private sector spends have been still fairly muted. And 
once that also kicks in. I mean, I think it should play out quite well, Shiv. anything else that you 
want to add? 
L. Shivakumar:
I agree with you. We've seen this play out in the last couple of quarters very clearly. We do 
expect these two segments, particularly infrastructure and led by infrastructure, domestic 
consumption and hence the BFSI space to grow quite significantly in the coming quarters. But 
that's again as laid out by the government in the union budget for this year and going ahead it is 
logical to assume that these segments will pick up well. So as Ram mentioned, we do look at 
these segments and growing well and ICRA leveraging on these opportunities. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, the last question for today's question and answer session is from the line 
of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

ICRA Limited 
October 23, 2023 
Page 23 of 23 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I just have one question on the India rating business, and I don't know if it was asked earlier. So, 
for the quarter gone by have you lost any market share or was there any pricing pressure in the 
market, if you could comment on this? 
L Shivakumar: 
Yes, this question was indeed asked earlier and answered. I'll just repeat it in a brief way. The 
difference largely which you see between Q2 and Q1 is because of the market headwinds, 
particularly the bond issuances as well as the bank credit. Our approach has been stable and our 
position also largely has been stable. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Any incremental pricing concerns or anything that you see in the market? 
L Shivakumar: 
There is nothing which differentiates this quarter from the previous quarter. As I mentioned, 
those drivers are by and large the same. It was more the market headwinds. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer session. As there 
are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatesh 
Viswanathan, Group CFO for closing comments. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
We have come to the close of the analyst and investor call. On behalf of ICRA management, I 
thank all the participants for their time and the insightful discussion that we had today. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICRA management, that concludes this conference call. I 
thank all the participants for joining us. 
