 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 04, 2023 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Call - Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2023 
 
Scrip Code: BSE - 500304; NSE - NIITLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Transcript 
of Investors / Analysts Call organized on October 31, 2023, post declaration of Unaudited Financial 
Results of the Company (Consolidated & Standalone) for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The same shall be available on our website i.e., www.niit.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For NIIT Limited 
 
 
 
Arpita Bisaria Malhotra 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
ARPITA 
BISARIA 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by ARPITA BISARIA 
MALHOTRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=412e0f5b014bb85a9a548a6c80
df4b72b9daae85d02d1b2bf3efcb2b689a7f3
5, postalCode=110065, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=5c26c699cfa559245cd198e25
7744f354cc92228dbf96e2754cd60b70de7ba
02, cn=ARPITA BISARIA MALHOTRA 
Date: 2023.11.04 22:06:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“NIIT Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA SINGH PAWAR – CHAIRMAN – NIIT 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VIJAY THADANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
VICE CHAIRMAN – NIIT LIMITED 
 
MR. P RAJENDRAN – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
NIIT LIMITED 
 
MR. SAPNESH LALLA – DIRECTOR OF THE BOARD– 
NIIT LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NIIT LIMITED 
 
MR. KAPIL SAURABH – INVESTOR RELATIONS – NIIT 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to NIIT Limited Q2 FY'24 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Thadani, Managing Director and Vice Chairman 
of NIIT Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much for joining this call. I have to 
reiterate that we appreciate your time given that it's a busy results season, and you decided to 
spend this one hour with us. We truly appreciate. Obviously, we thank you for your continued 
interest in NIIT Limited and for asking us the questions, which also indicate us as well as from 
us to go forward in the right direction. 
Today, the agenda is to provide an update on the second quarter of the fiscal year 23-24. And 
therefore, Q2 FY '24 is the call. And I would start with some highlights. I have our full team 
here, Mr. Rajendra Pawar, Chairman of the Company; Mr. Sapnesh Lalla, Director of the Board, 
Mr. Rajendran, Joint Managing Director; Mr. Sanjeev Bansal, our new CFO; and Mr. Kapil 
Saurabh from Investor Relations as well as other senior members of the team. 
So, before I get into the details, I just want to talk about the seasonality of the business that we 
are in NIIT Limited, which is also what earlier called of the Skills and Careers business. We 
basically look at two kind of learners, those who are in early career and those who are 
professionals. 
And the business has seasonality because there are certain quarters of the year when each of 
these two are not available in as much as many numbers as we would like them to be. And 
therefore, a little bit of seasonality does crimp in. Quarter 2 is typically a very good quarter for 
us, and it is in that context that we are talking of this business. So, we normally talk of the 
business on a year-on-year basis -- year-on-year growth because that takes away the seasonality 
impact. 
However, given what we saw happening in the last 2 quarters, quarter 4 of last year and quarter 
1 of this year, when there was a total hiring freeze on -- from Tier 1 global systems integrators. 
This time, we are in a recovery phase, and therefore, we decided that the best thing to do is to 
talk about the results on a Q-o-Q and talk about the recovery process that we are seeing. 
And of course, also share the Y-o-Y number, where the volumes have recovered to an extent, 
but not to a full extent and I'll talk about that. Revenue for quarter 2 was INR814 million, which 
was up 30% quarter-on-quarter, but down 13% year-on-year, which is compared to last quarter's 
results when the revenue was down 33% year-on-year. 
Right now, this -- we have recovered from there to quite an extent. This recovery in volumes, 
even though volumes is there despite the environment remaining very challenged and is driven 
by a 69% growth in enrolments quarter-on-quarter. We saw a healthy uplift in both technology 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
and BFSI programs, and the growth is also across Early Career and in Work Pro numbers. So, if 
you were -- considered ourselves at the metrics, which as Technology and Work Pro on 1 axis -
- Technology and BFSI on 1 axis and Early Careers and Work Pro on the other, then in all four 
quadrants --- in all the row totals and column totals, we have seen growth across the quarters. 
However, in Technology segment, the year-on-year growth has not recovered to the levels that 
we were there last year, though we made a significant progress quarter-on-quarter. We'll discuss 
more about that as we go forward. This was contributed by a deliberate focus, which we had on 
Tier 2 global systems integrators who welcomed our contributing to improving their talent 
profile. 
Higher GCC penetration. GCC is rather segment, which has been growing. Our own focus on 
GCC has been increasing. And I think in this quarter, we saw it had the GCC penetration, which 
contributed to the quarter-on-quarter growth. And the one which actually contributed very 
significantly for this was the significant expansion that we had in BFSI. This resulted in 
StackRoute & TPaaS, the two stacks that we track, growing 93% quarter-on-quarter and is now 
contributing 32% to quarter 2 revenues. 
At the back of this, however, the volume of trading by Tier 1 GSIs, which typically contributes 
a very significant portion of the revenue remain compressed. This explains the Y-o-Y shortfall 
and upon recovery represents very meaningful growth opportunity because we do believe that 
the Tier 1 GSI hiring freeze is temporary. 
We don't know whether it's for a couple of quarters or more. But as soon as that recovers, that 
recovery will sit on top of the sustained growth that we have -- we are beginning to experience 
in the segment that we focus on. 
Revenue mix from Early Career learners was INR398 million as compared to INR 300 million, 
which was 21% Q-o-Q. Contribution from Early Career learners was 49% to quarter 2 revenue. 
In Work Pro segment, we saw a revenue of INR416 million, which was 41% Q-o-Q. The 
contribution from Work Pro segment increased to 51% as compared to 47% last quarter. 
It contributors to this Work Pro segment was some very interesting programs whether it was full 
stack developers for working professionals, digital architects, digital versatilists as well as 
pivotal roles in banking, which were to do with digital transformation, branch management and 
wealth management. 
Overall, BFSI showed growth both in revenue and enrolment for Early Careers as well as 
working professionals, both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. While in Technology, all 
round growth in enrolments, revenue growth, however, was in working professionals. And 
overall, I think quarter-on-quarter it probably was up, while year-on-year, there was a decline. 
Also, we've been able to take advantage of the uncertainty in the environment and have been 
able to rationalize our cost structure and increase our operating efficiency. As a result of this, 
along with recovery in revenue, EBITDA improved by INR86 million quarter-on-quarter from 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
a negative INR64 million last quarter and this was driven by, obviously, a higher revenue level 
as well as significant cost rationalization initiatives that the company took. 
EBITDA margin was at 3% compared to minus 10%. Net other income in quarter 2 was INR137 
million. This includes the impact of treasury income of INR112 million. PAT was at INR106 
million as compared to INR22 million in quarter 1 and INR47 million last year. 
The company is continuing to invest in new products and new channels for growth. capex for 
the quarter was at INR89 million. We are seeing some early signs of success in training on 
artificial intelligence and in using generative AI and AI for training. 
Company is investing in products to equip customers with AI skills. So, during the quarter, the 
company introduced new specialized programs in AI for its customers and is also adding 
components -- AI components across its portfolio programs such as full stack development and 
digital marketing. 
Company is also investing in the use of AI in our pedagogy and platform to improve learning 
effectiveness and learner experience in addition to contributing to overall efficiencies of the 
organization. For balance sheet, the balance sheet metrics remained strong. DSO was at 53 days 
as compared to 63 days last year and 41 days last quarter. 
Net cash at the end of the quarter stood at INR6.974 billion. So, despite the challenging 
environment, we seem to have arrested and have arrested the decline in quarter 1 fairly 
substantially and I've seen strong sequential improvement in both enrolment and financial 
performance in quarter 2. 
We expect to sustain this sequential growth in subsequent quarters barring seasonality effect, in 
fact, which may happen in, for example, quarter 4, a little bit. We expect, therefore, H2 FY '24 
to go significantly over H2 FY '23. However, given the delay in pickup of hiring in Tier 1 GSIs, 
we are expecting the full year revenue not to reach our guidance of single-digit growth, but 
maybe just flat or marginally lower. 
Of course, the pickup in hiring happens, of which there are some early signs at least in Tier 2 
GSIs, which would benefit substantially. We do expect to sustain profitability in the second half 
of the year and therefore, expect the earlier projected single-digit margins for the full year. 
Overall, as a summary, I would like to say Tier 1 GSI stopping hiring has had a major impact in 
the last 2 quarters, that is quarter 4 and quarter 1. However, this year -- this quarter, success with 
the Tier 2 GSIs to increase penetration in GCCs and special focus on BFSI, especially on large 
pivotal roles has contributed to a robust quarter-on-quarter growth. Also, rationalization and 
efficiency gains led to positive EBITDA, even though it is at a lower revenue run rate. 
Sequential growth will sustain across quarters and barring seasonality impact in quarters like 
quarter 4. Hiring resumption by Tier 1 GSIs will definitely result in significant benefit whenever 
that happens. New products, new initiatives will contribute to acceleration next year. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Many of these new products and initiatives are in the final stages of completion, but we will be 
able to see the benefits only during next year. We remain committed to our long-term vision and 
the stated aspiration that we have shared earlier. So, I would like to stop right now and open the 
floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Ganesh Shetty, an individual investor. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Congratulations, sir, for good set of numbers and especially the EBITDA and bottom-line 
numbers in a bad macro. My question is regarding our TPaaS and the StackRoute offering. So, 
these are very distinguished offering we have in the market. And I just want to understand 
whether we are having enough marketing initiative to understand the significance of these 
products to our prospective clients. Can you please throw some light on this, sir? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Sure. Thank you very much. First of all, thank you for your nice words. Yes, StackRoute and 
TPaaS both have done exceptionally well over the years, if you noticed and have always risen 
up for the occasion whenever the opportunity demanded so. In StackRoute, we have a very 
specific and differentiated offering and that is really appreciated by our users, whether they are 
consumers themselves or even corporates to get their fresh hires trained on these boot camps. 
We have increased our focus on marketing to a number of initiatives so that the success that you 
saw it coming through Tier 2 GSIs because those are -- have to be approached to a number of 
below-the-line initiatives. And a lot of investments were made in below-the-line initiatives, for 
example, special seminars, which we did for Work Pro to get digital architects, digital architect 
once framed are the bosses of future full stack developers. 
And therefore, they also opened doors for us. And so higher-end technology programs using AI, 
creating a large engagement base, participating in various forums where we get an opportunity 
to be visible, including some very proprietary initiatives that NIIT has had over the years, like 
Confluence definitely improve our visibility. 
Having said that, is that enough? Not at all, but we have to balance that with our ability to service 
them with our product range as well as balancing of multiple other initiatives, which are in focus. 
But thank you very much for your suggestion. We'll definitely keep that in mind. 
As far as TPaaS is concerned, the reach is through individual meetings and again, we visible on 
multiple forums. I think in that, we have been a little better off. And certain important clients, 
we were able to add this year, which have contributed this more momentum. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Sir, my second question is regarding our initiative to enter into new segments. And during the 
quarter, can I please know some details whether we have progressed in this regard, at least some 
progress has happened in entering new segments? Can you please throw some light on this, sir? 
That's all from me. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Certainly, new segment, there is a lot of work which is happening. I think new edge programs 
like AI is one area. E-R&D is another space, which we are addressing. We do believe that there 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
are certain trends which have to be caught early at the early stage of the adoption curve. And 
those are areas like decarbonization. 
In my opinion, this is the huge opportunity in future, though its impact will be very minimal. 
But I think in organization readiness, I think we would place ourselves a little ahead of others, 
given the significant investment that we also made in [inaudible] in the erstwhile NIIT CLG, but 
the benefit of that cooperation will also be available to NIIT Limited. And we are looking for 
that as I'm just giving you as one of the multiple opportunities that we are in. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Darshil from Crown Capital. 
Darshil: 
Congratulations on a great set of results. Sir, I just wanted to understand, like I'm a bit new to 
the company so what is seasonality role, how does that impact us and why would Q4 not be as 
strong? So, could you just explain that in brief, that would be very helpful, sir? 
Vijay Thadani: 
I couldn't hear you very clearly but let me demonstrate my hearing and understanding. I think 
your question is how does seasonality play in StackRoute and TPaaS especially in quarter 4, 
overall? 
Darshil: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. Yes, so I said there are 2 -- let's look at it from the following -- the same metrics -- 2 x 2 
metrics that I drove for you. Technology, BFSI as 1 axis, Early Career and Work Pro as another 
axis. So Early Careers are the most available at the time of graduation and are least available at 
the time of exams, okay? 
At the time of exams, they are not joining organizations or coming and attending courses. After 
the exams -- and therefore, in second quarter, end of first quarter, early the -- so the whole of 
second quarter is then maximum joining happens in organizations and maximum placement 
happens. So, at that time, Early Careers have a high momentum, right? 
Now whether that is technology, typically very high in technology because they're new hires just 
typically join in July, August timeframe. BFSI, by and large, works across the years -- I'm first 
in Early Careers. By and large works across the year, except in fourth quarter, banks typically 
take a fall and to that extent, slow down their recruitment and therefore, for us, the training 
opportunity because of the -- being the last quarter of the year. 
And to that extent, in the fourth quarter, you do see some softness. On the Working Pros, similar, 
3 quarters of the year typically, it's good and is consistently growing. Fourth quarter, there is a 
softening because companies are focused on completing their financial year and are not able to 
free up their people. Those are the roles which play. 
So, I would say quarter 4 is typically a slightly slower quarter. For product companies that used 
to be a very high quarter because that's when the maximum budgeting used to take, as people 
had reached their budget. But in services, where individuals have to spend time in helping the 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
organization to close their year. I think we find a little bit of slowing down in training 
consumption. 
So therefore, fourth quarter is definitely one in which there is a small dip. First quarter, it starts 
picking up. Second quarter, it peaks. Third quarter, because of festivals and all, it kind of 
stabilizes. Fourth quarter, there is a small dip. So that's roughly the way seasonality works in our 
business. 
Darshil: 
That was very helpful. And sir, now if we can see FY '24, we might expect a bit flattish. So, 
anything -- do we see the recovery maybe playing in FY '25? Would that be the growth that 
we've not been able to achieve in FY '25 or might come with a spring in FY '25? Is that the right 
way to look at it? And what kind of margins can our business do on maybe when the demand is 
good? Like what would be the average ratio margins that we expect going forward? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. I'm again trying to understand what you just said. First, whether in FY '25, we see a strong 
recovery? That -- the answer to that is, I think, the strong recovery will -- the economic condition 
of -- economic position in the country stands very good. However, the global uncertainty and its 
impact on the Indian economic condition, that part I will not comment on. 
But at domestic level, the situation looks good. And if that happens and on global systems 
integrators, the assumption of hiring happened, then I think we should see good results in FY 
'25 because the efforts that we have made in this year will, of course, sustain themselves, and 
the recovery will sit on top of that. So, I think we should see that. The second part of your 
question was to -- did you understand, Kapil, second part of the question? How will the margins 
work? 
So overall in the -- this business is capable of generating a margin of 15% to 20% in steady state. 
There are parts of the business, which are even now delivering north of 15%. But as I said, 
overall, the business is in an investment cycle. So, to that extent, I think a number of initiatives 
do consume part of that margin, which is, all thought, overall good. We obviously, on top of 
that, have inorganic opportunities that we pursue from time to time. And I think the cash balance 
that we have would also get utilized for that. 
But overall, on the margin front at organic level, 15% to 20% in steady state is a good mix. And 
why I use 15% to 20%, if the retail part versus the consumer part of business picks up faster, 
then you are in for much better margins because economies of scale benefits with them. 
Darshil: 
So, sir, any -- maybe 3 years vision that you would like to share, like what would be our targeted 
revenue in something that maybe not a short-term, something that we aspire to do so maybe in 
FY '27, '26 vision, anything that would be very helpful, sir. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. So, this is a question which we have been answering for, I think, now 4 or 5 quarters and, 
no, maybe more when it was -- what is -- as we pivoted from a brick-and-mortar delivery model 
to a full digital model, question was what is the long-term growth that we see for this business? 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
And we had said that in -- on a 5-year trajectory, which will now end, I think, in '27, we would 
-- we should see ourselves at a revenue level of about INR1,200 crores. And the question has 
also been how? We said that it will come through the benefits of the investments that we are 
making in acceleration in -- in accelerating the revenue, adding new products, new segments, 
new ways of doing business as well as inorganic activity that we foresee in the future. 
At this point of time, where we stand right now, this quarter -- at the end of this quarter, we are 
a little ahead of numbers. But over the next 2 quarters, we also see that there will be a bit of 
softness given Tier 1 hiring has not yet started. We don't see any reason for us to revisit that 
projection that we had made. Of course, there is lots of work to be done, and we are at it. 
Darshil: 
Perfect. Perfect, sir. One last... 
Vijay Thadani: 
Sorry, which is '28 -- which is FY '28. 
Darshil: 
Okay, okay. No, no, sir, that's perfect, sir. Sir, just so how much would be inorganic in that -- 
maybe contribution that we are looking forward to? In the -- our target of INR1,200 crores, how 
much would inorganic be? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes, see, there are in the overall strategy as it unfolds. We have a number of folks, at which we 
have to take buy versus make decisions. So, it will be difficult to comment on that. But I think 
you can take about 1/4 of the growth will come through -- or 1/3 of the -- 1/3 to 1/4 growth will 
come through inorganic. 
The only addition I want to talk about was the fact that the Board did consider an interim 
dividend this quarter. And given that we are still figuring out the next set of questions, I thought 
I'll talk a little bit about the dividend policy of the company. And dividend policy in its earlier 
avatar and in the coming avatar. 
So, from 1993, that the company has been public, we have followed a consistent dividend policy 
which is of giving a consistent dividend, which increases slightly every year and which does not 
vary significantly up or down based on results because the results can go up and down based on 
the state of economy as well as many other considerations. 
And therefore, over the period of time, we have maintained a consistent track record, which 
where dividend on an average has increased by maybe 5% over the previous year, barring some 
special years when either there was a bonus or something else might have happened. 
We intend to follow a similar policy. But this is the first year in which NIIT without the CLG 
business, which is now housed in NLSL will be -- has completed 1 year and in this year, we did 
want to set up a baseline. Baseline was set through the interim dividend of 25% to start with. 
And then over a period of time, we would see based on the performance of the company and the 
way the cash is to be utilized and the most effective way of returning the benefits of the growth 
and cash balances to our investors, we'll take appropriate decisions. So that I just thought is an 
additional point that I would mention in this course. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. Thank you very much each one of you for giving us your very precious time and 
participating in today's brief. We did have some very interesting questions. And as usual, the 
questions contribute to shaping our future strategy and to that extent, we are thankful to you for 
your contribution. 
We do know it's a busy time for everyone. And for having spared your time for this briefing, we 
are truly grateful to you. If there are any follow-up questions, please do not hesitate to contact 
Kapil Saurabh, who's single point of contact to answer and to coordinate any meetings or answer 
any further questions that you may have. 
So, at this point of time, I would like to bring this call to a close. Wishing the very best for the 
festival season and looking forward to our next set of meetings. 
Just on a separate note, next week -- early next week on 7th, some of us will be in Mumbai for 
one of the investor conferences but we would also be available off-line in case somebody wants 
a one-on-one meeting or any other -- possibility for any other discussion. So, with that, we close 
this call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of NIIT Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
