` 
 
 
November 16, 2023 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
Quarter ending 30 September 2023. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
https://youtu.be/AQPLYnCVrOY?si=thRLbKS_TVL‐uLH8 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
MURUGESH 
C
Digitally signed by 
MURUGESH C 
Date: 2023.11.16 12:10:06 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Page Industries Limited 
 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. GANESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPANJAN BANDYOPADHYAY – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Page 
Industries Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.S. Ganesh, Managing Director, Page Industries for his 
opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Ganesh. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Thank you. Thank you so much, and good evening, everyone. Thank you all for joining us in 
our earnings call today. I'm also joined by our CFO, Mr. Deepanjan, for the call. I hope you had 
a chance to review our press release and results. 
Before we dive deep into the numbers and specifics, I would like to provide an overview of the 
quarter that has just concluded. Though, we are seeing some positive trends in consumer demand 
in the economy and rural segments aided by the onset of festivities, we are yet to witness any 
noticeable improvement in the urban and mid-premium segment. However, we firmly believe 
that these challenges are temporary and will continue to invest in technology, brand promotion 
and expanding our reach while ensuring comfortable operating margins. 
 
However, macro headwinds and market conditions continue to pose some challenges leading to 
year-on-year de-growth reflected in an 8.4% decline in revenue and an 8.8% decline in volume 
in Q2. In H1, de-growth in revenue and volume were 7.6% and 10.2 percentage respectively. 
Demands in the innerwear and athleisure industry remains subdued in Q2. This was in line with 
our anticipated expectations which contributed to lower sales volumes. It's worth mentioning 
that our industry has witnessed an accumulation of excess inventory, which has had 
repercussions on the overall ecosystem, resulting in certain unsustainable business practices in 
the market. 
 
We continue to focus on sustainable sales practices while taking measures to maintain our 
operating margins and working on optimizing our inventory. In line with the objectives, we will 
stay invested in enhancing consumer reach and experience. In diversifying and enriching product 
offerings, in operational excellence and digital transformation. To navigate through this 
temporary phase of market conditions, we have taken adequate measures to safeguard and 
improve our market share. 
Additionally, diligent control over expenses have been instituted to protect our margins. 
Speaking on some key updates for the quarter, we are focused on improving productivity in our 
supply chain with clear focus to optimize operating expenses. I would like to highlight that our 
EBITDA margin for Q2 FY '23 was maintained at 20.8%. 
 
Our distribution network expansion remains in line with our plans. As of end of September, we 
have a network of over 112,000 MBOs and 1,370 EBOs and more than 2,400 large-format stores. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
We are strategically directing our attention towards Metros and Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. Our e-
commerce channel witnessed a substantial growth of 31% in H1. This actually reflects evolving 
consumer purchasing habits and a commitment to bolstering our online presence. We have taken 
several initiatives, some of which have been executed to further strengthen our D2C channels. 
 
We continue to invest for attaining our long-term objective. Our strategic focus encompasses 
multiple trends, which includes intensifying general trade distribution, expanding large format 
stores and exclusive brand outlets, growing D2C business, improving customer experience, 
strengthening product portfolio, partner and consumer engagement, international business and 
brand building and also ensuring a very robust supply chain. While we acknowledge the 
cumulative volume and revenue de-growth challenges, we are committed to maintaining our 
strong margins and optimizing our inventory. 
 
We will remain vigilant and agile always, seeking the right balance between short-term 
adjustments and long-term strategic investments. We remain optimistic on the long-term outlook 
and we appreciate your continued support and trust in Page Industries. We look forward to 
addressing your questions and sharing more insight into our performance during this call. Let 
me also take this opportunity to wish you all season's greetings and a prosperous year ahead on 
behalf of all our associates. 
 
Thank you. And with this, I would request our CFO, Mr. Deepanjan, to take you through the 
numbers for the quarter. 
Deepanjan B.: 
Thank you, VSG. Good evening, friends. I hope you're all keeping well. Thank you for your 
participation this evening. I'm pleased to report that Page Industry has delivered a reasonable 
performance in Q2 of FY '24. To take you through the key financial highlights for Q2, we 
recorded sales volume of 51.8 million pieces, which is lower by 8.8% Y-o-Y and resulting in a 
sales revenue of INR11,251 million. Despite the lower revenue by 8.4%, EBITDA achieved was 
INR2,335 million, a de-growth of 1.8% Y-o-Y. Q2 EBITDA margin was maintained at 20.8% 
due to the operational expenses optimization and the stable raw material costs. Profit after tax 
was INR1,503 million, a de-growth of 7.3% Y-o-Y. PAT Margin is 13.4%. 
Coming to the first half, H1 revenue was INR23,575 million, a de-growth of 7.6% Y-o-Y, and 
volume de-grew by 10.2% at INR107.7 million. EBITDA was INR4,754 million, lower by 
11.2% Y-o-Y. Profit after tax was INR3,086 million, lower by 16.4% Y-o-Y. Inventory stood at 
INR13,619 million as against INR15,953 million at the end of Q4 FY '23. 
Inventory days have improved to 105 days. We saw 150 days in the end of Q4 FY '23. This 
improvement in inventory base is in line with our efforts to reach optimal inventory levels by 
year-end. Net working capital was INR8,799 million as compared with INR7,680 million at the 
end of Q4 FY '23. Our working capital days was 68 days, which was 59 days in the end of Q4 
'23. The increase is due to improvement in our bank and cash balances. 
To summarize our financial performance, we remain focused on driving operational excellence 
and capitalize on growth opportunities. Our stable operating margin highlights our commitment 
to prudent cost management and it's subdued demand. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
With this, we can open the floor to any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question comes from the 
line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sir, my first question was that if I look at the volume growth, it is still deep in negative 
territory. And while you did highlight the market situation versus last quarter, has there not 
been even some improvement in terms of the trajectory being improvement. What is leading 
such kind of stress that even say, six months down because I think this issue started at the start 
of the year that we are still under so much of impact. And also, if you could highlight of the 
three segments, is there any one sub-segment that is leading to more stress than the other? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes. Market generally has not been very buoyant. And we should also keep in mind, if you look 
at the quarter 2 last year, we actually performed well, and we were one of the few brands who 
actually grew very well in Q2 of last year. So we also have that base impact. However, we have 
taken enough action to boost our sales and we also have been taking enough measures to bring 
in discipline, we have never taken shortcuts to achieve sales. We have been working hard on 
having better treasuries, improving our secondaries, keeping a close eye on the distributor 
inventory, and we are helping the distributors in having a better health as far as inventory is 
concerned. And this is very important in the long term of the business. 
 
And these may have some short-term impact. But basically, if you look at it, we are now seeing 
that we have crossed those bridges and things should -- most probably, we are all looking at the 
festive season. If you again look at it last Q2, the festivities were during that time. Now we have 
a delayed festive season. So that has also had an impact from a baseline point of view. So we 
are looking forward to better days ahead. We have taken enough measures to bounce back, the 
moment the market recovers, and we are very confident about that. 
Regarding your question as to any particular category has done well, okay, The impact has been 
across categories because as I told you in the very beginning in my opening statement, we have 
had seen the pressure as regards the economy and the rural segment, though, we are seeing some 
positive signs, it's all early days. And there has not been any noticeable improvement in the 
urban and mid-premium segment.  
But we are very sure this is not going to be a long-term thing. And we can already see that this 
can't last longer, and we are prepared to encash when the opportunity comes. Comparatively, I 
can say, our women's innerwear has done comparatively better, especially the inner wear and 
bras categories. But the growth has been impacted across all categories. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my second question was, we've obviously had the benefit of low-cost 
inventory, I think for the last six months. But despite that, I think our gross margins are lower 
versus last year. Is this a case of maybe higher incentives given how the situation is in the channel 
at this point in time, which you're highlighting why we have improved, but there will be a view 
from our side also to increase incentives? Just your comments on that. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes, Mr. Nihal, when it comes to schemes and incentives, we have not done anything extra. We 
have been staying put with what we usually do. We never succumb to the pressure of the market 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
to sweeten anything and go over and beyond what we usually do. So we have always done what 
is need-based, keeping a sustainable and growth oriented hygienic sales practice and long-term 
interest of the brand in mind. So the margin improvement which you are seeing is actually 
because of all the measures we have taken as far as cost controls are concerned. I don't see much 
benefit as far as low-cost inventory is concerned because if you see, we have not touched price 
for a long time. And therefore, we don't have that benefit of low-cost inventory, actually. 
Deepanjan B.: 
Just to add, I mean, while the raw material prices has been reducing over some time, but given 
the fact that our entire costing is based on weighted average costs, The benefit takes certain time 
to flow into our P&L. So that's why as a material cost level, we are yet to see any significant 
difference, but as VSG pointed out, there has been improvements in our sewing efficiency, which 
is resulting in a better gross margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ravi Naredi with Naredi Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, thank you very much to give me opportunity. You changed the company from underwear to 
full-fledged company for wear of youth and girls with a lot of reach to population of India   did 
it with supply chain. Since last few quarters, I'm observing our main profit margin going to raw 
material  holding the raw material of a store then finished goods. So now everything settled? Or 
we may face more margin on these obsolete stock or raw material stock? This is my question. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Well, we don't have much obsolete stock. We do have inventory, which are on the higher side 
because the sales which we planned in the beginning of the year before the start of the year when 
we did our budgeting andplanning and what later transpired the marketplace didn't help. So the 
inventory bloated, but we have reduced. If you see this quarter, there is a reduction. We have 
been taking measures on that. 
 
So we don't have any concern as far as the health of the inventory is concerned. And as you 
know, as a brand also, we make products which are relevant across the year. So we don't have 
that pressure of seasonality as far as our products are concerned. And we have taken adequate 
measures to control the inventories. And you can already see those results flowing in. And as 
Deepanjan rightly said, as far as the price benefit is concerned, we take that three months 
weighted average. So there is always a quarter lag effect. And therefore, many of these benefits 
will keep flowing in as we move forward. 
Ravi Naredi: 
So we may assume now no obsolete inventory line with any distributor or in pipeline? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Distributor inventory is bit high, but it has come down from the previous quarters. This is also 
because we had a very, very buoyant quarters in Q1 and Q2. In fact, it started from Q3, Q4 of 
the previous year and Q1, Q2 of last year. So with that, they were stocking up and then we took 
measures to bring in health and it's where our ARS initiatives have also helped. So the 
inventories are normalizing there, and we can already see that. So this will all help the primaries 
as we move forward. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. So quarter 3 onwards, we may see growth in profitability, is it so? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
That depends on how much tertiaries we can get and how the market bounces back and how the 
festive season would be. So we need to wait and watch for that. 
Ravi Naredi: 
But Deepawali is three days away. So no growth is there in the market for the demand of the 
product? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
You would not immediately see that because it will be the tertiary sales and then the distributor 
will have to fill the retailer, and then it will come to us. So there will be a small lag. So I don't 
think it will be appropriate for me to give you some insights about the last two weeks, three 
weeks. But what I can tell you is, to your question as to whether there will be a huge growth or 
good growth in top line and bottom line, though we remain optimistic, it all depends on how 
quickly the market bounces back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Avi Mehta. Mr. Mehta, please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
I just wanted to better understand the initiatives that you have taken to ensure that our market 
share doesn't get impacted by these unsustainable sales practice, if you could kind of just give 
us some ideas? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Sure. So what we have done is, you might have seen that we have not come down on any need-
based expenses. So what we have done is we have made sure that we have expanded on our 
retail footprint, our marketing spends has been done in line with what is required. So we are no 
longer media dark and these are very important things to do. And there has been good 
engagement with the partners, be it our retail partners or our distribution partners. And we don't 
see any loss of shelve space or market share. 
 
In fact, our secondaries have done well so secondaries have done well, and there is a marked 
improvement in the distributor inventory so going forward, all this should benefit the brand. 
 
So we have continued to invest in enhancing the consumer reach and experience. We are also 
diversified in the interest of product offerings. We have taken enough initiatives on operational 
excellence and digital transformation. This also helps the market because this will help us to 
maintain prices by bringing in operational efficiencies, and that is one important aspect. And 
additionally, we have also taken all other initiatives to keep our sales force motivated and 
engaged. 
 
And we don't have much, be it distribution, attrition, our sales team, they're all motivated because 
they all understand the long-term prospects of the brand. They're all fully aligned. So we have 
taken enough initiatives on those aspects as well. And quite a lot of initiatives have been taken 
on the CRM side of the business as well. So today, I can say we are like any new age D2C brands 
when it comes to customer relationship management. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Very clear, sir. It's heartening to hear that we kind of [inaudible]. Just a second bit, better 
understand this discounting, so how long in your view, how much is inventory is – is this to 
relating discounting pressure versus 1Q? Or how long will inventory take to settle down because 
industry inventory -- it's been almost six months now. Do you think we are at the end of this 
pressure? Or how -- in our opinion, how should we look at this, sir? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Mr. Mehta, it’s anybody's guess because we don't have full insight on the inventory of our peer 
brands. But I don't feel it is something which is a very sustainable long-term business practice. 
It can't last for long. So I hope we have gone past all those challenges and things should 
normalize as we move forward. That is my take. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sir, have you seen any moderation. from  the first part, if you could just  have you seen any 
moderation from 1Q levels this quarter or no  there is no change to it? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Mr. Mehta, it was not clear. I couldn't hear you properly. Can you please repeat? 
Avi Mehta: 
Have you seen any moderation from the 1st quarter in the discounting pressure that was what 
was the first part -- if you could just give some understanding? I hear you that it's difficult to 
take a call, but on how long it will last… 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Even as we speak, it continues to be intense. It is not only the promotions and discounts, it is 
also the schemes, which are being deployed in the marketplace. So it continues to be that way. 
But there is always a demand for our products. If you see our de-growth has been in line with 
the general economy and the market trend, we are not lost out to competition because of that 
because the brand has a respect, and we also powered by amazing products and we also enjoy a 
very good distribution network, and have a good shelf space and our consumers always see our 
products. In fact, if you see even in online, we had a 31% growth in H1. So mainly shows loyalty 
to the brand. So for us, we will continue to remain disciplined and for us it's just question of time 
before we come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ashish Kanodia with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sir, the first question is on the distribution side, right? When I look at your MBO network, it has 
declined versus last quarter, there's almost a 2,300 touch point reduction and similarly, when I 
also look at the number of distributors that has also shrunk over the last two quarters, three 
quarters continuously, right? So any specific strategies that you are driving? Because post-
COVID, there was a time when there was a rapid expansion in this retail touch point, distribution 
touch point. So what is driving this change? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
So there is no substantial reduction Mr. Ashish as regards the MBOs are concerned. It remains 
more or less there. There has not been a much rapid expansion also because there has been some 
rationalization happening. During the COVID, the market situation demanded that rapid 
expansion, how consumers actually went to the hometowns to Tier 2, Tier 3 cities. And we had 
to be there, we have to expand and when it became back to office, they got back to metros or 
wherever their offices are. 
 
So what happened was those outlets, even though it was bringing some, though it was recording 
some sales, it was not as profitable or viable for us to service those markets. So there has been 
some rationalization. There has been no other exits. And as far as distribution is concerned, 
attritions are normal. There has been no abnormal changes there. In fact, as we move forward, I 
hope, we all are sure and that's what we get to hear from the partners also. This will reduce 
because with ARS kicking and the distributor help inventory health is going to really improve 
and that is going to help them financially and from a viability point of view. So for us, our take 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
is that the attrition will reduce moving forward. But as of now, as we speak, it's normal, there's 
nothing abnormal about it. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, sir. That's helpful. And the second question is when I look at the base quarter numbers, it 
seems that the number has been reinstated on the revenue and cost side, so what led to this 
reinstatement, so this was  2Q '23 there was almost a 2% reinstatement. And secondly, on the 
cost control side, right? When we look at this quarter number, there's a significant decline in 
other expenses. So on your earlier part, you said that you continue to make investments, so 
maybe you have not kind of bought on the marketing spend, etc.,. So I'm just trying to understand 
what cost controls initiatives you have taken in the last one quarter, two quarters? 
Deepanjan B.: 
So first question on the regrouping of the revenue from operations. The revenue from operations 
used to include what we typically sell to our outsource partners. So we typically supply raw 
material, which they convert into finished goods and  send them back to us. So earlier, we used 
to consider that as income from operations, which now we have removed part of our -- we have 
netted  it off against the cost of the goods that we have supplied. So that's why we see a reduction 
in our reported revenue. 
As far as cost rationale in the business that you're telling other expenses, the other expenses has 
a component of subcontracting expenses, which is a conversion charges that we pay to our job 
workers and for our subcontractor. So in line with our reduced production to manage our 
inventory and demand, There has been lesser subcontracting in the current quarter. So that's 
some of the reasons why other expenses each time lesser. 
 
At the same time, the marketing expenses, there has been some certain deferral marketing 
expenses, it's not exactly a saving. But yes, compared to the Q2 of last year, there has been a 
lesser marketing expense in this quarter. So combination of these factors have eventually -- other 
expenses reduction as a percentage of net revenues. Other major factor is our reduction in 
workers' wages, because while we do not let go of our employees under any circumstances, as 
far as workers are concerned, there is a natural attrition. So that has happened, and that has 
benefited our EBITDA percentage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tejash Shah with Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
The first question, you've highlighted in your presentation that the online business has done very 
well. So just wanted to know the nature of the business that we have in terms of B2B, B2C and 
D2C breakup, if you can broadly give. 
Deepanjan B.: 
We are present in all the three segments, that is B2B which is  outright sell to partners like 
Amazon and Flipkart. We are also present in the D2C segment, which is jockey.in, which is our 
own store, and within marketplace as well. So within these three segments, the largest share is 
B2B segment, where there is a direct sell followed by the marketplace presence and then the last 
is our jockey.in. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it. Sir, second question was -- and this is like just want to understand, that we noticed in 
some of the value retailers in the last three, four years that whenever they discussed market share, 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
it was largely among themselves. And then suddenly an online player came from nowhere and 
this was below the radar in the market share discussion. And then obviously, mostly they have -
- all have pivoted to kind of fight with that challenge. So in our case also, when we look at offline 
numbers, then definitely, we have not lost market share to anybody that's visible. But if we have 
to compare ourselves with, let's say, some below the radar online players or emerging players, 
are you sensing some part of our premium customers we would have lost in these strata. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Tejash, we don't see that because there has been a lot of initiatives taken by us also in customer 
acquisitions. And our D2C arm is very, very strong. And therefore, it has really had -- we 
recognized the significance of D2C space. And we are dedicated to nurturing our D2C business 
segment. So we are very sure of having much better customer acquisitions as we move forward. 
What we see is most relevant. The competition will be there. It is good. It keeps us in our toes. 
We are not left in white spaces as far as the product range is concerned and -- we have come out 
with very exciting products. We keep upgrading them without touching prices. 
 
And we stay relevant to our consumers as far as our offerings are concerned. And we have been 
actually taking a lot of initiatives in improving the customer experience. So that has been central 
to our strategy in enhancing the overall customer experience. and the product portfolio, as I told 
you, and the consumer reach through marketing is something which we are working very hard 
on. And the kind of spend we can afford to have is much better than many of those brands which 
are coming up. So we have enough muscle to tackle it, and we are making all the right move to 
manage the situation, and we don't see any threat. 
Tejash Shah: 
And sir, last one, if I may. Sir, you spoke about that we had to respond in a certain way during 
COVID and post-COVID in Tier 2, Tier 3 areas, both in terms of numeric footprint and perhaps 
expanding inventory also in those areas. And now once we last two, three quarters, as the things 
started normalizing, we would have kind of called back on some of those initiatives because 
they're not profited. You highlighted that as well. Should we believe that most of those kind of 
reversal is done? Or do you believe there is still some more reversal spending as we go? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
No, most of it is done. And what I meant is it's not that we are not there in Tier 3, Tier 4, but in 
less than 50,000 population city or 25,000 city, maybe you can have three or four outlets. There 
is no space for eight or 10 outlets. So there is a rationalization required, and that is what has 
happened, and we are done with it, more or less done with it. 
Moderator: 
Next is Ankit Kedia with Philip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So on the employee cost while you alluded that the normal attrition has not been again bought 
back from the manpower front. But there is a significant portion of the variable cost, which you 
started a couple of years back at the organization. Now given this performance, has the 
provisioning for the variable costs not taken care in the employee cost? Or that comes at the end 
of quarter four. So how does that variable cost move? 
Deepanjan B.: 
No. The variable cost based on our budgeted performance we do provide certain variable costs 
on a pro rata basis. The actuating of the variable cost of course takes place in the last quarter. 
But otherwise, the provisioning of the variable cost is very much in place. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Ankit Kedia: 
And sir, given this performance in the first half, can partly the decline in employee cost also be 
attributed to lower variable cost? 
Deepanjan B.: 
No, nothing to do with that. Employee cost reduction is because of two reasons. As we said, 
when we allowed the natural attrition in our workforce. At the same time, given the -- I mean, 
considering all the conditions that we exist now, we have stopped recruitment. The recruitment 
freeze currently. So the normal increase or the normal increment that has happened during the 
year that has anyways flown in. Major reason for the reduction is the normal attrition in the 
workforce. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. Sir, my second question is regarding the high inventory by competition. That inventory 
predominantly for athleisure, right? And not for innerwear. So if you can just break down the 
growth separately for athleisure for us versus innerwear it will be helpful for us to understand 
how much pain has already happened for athleisure versus innerwear? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Ankit, we see that inventory -- actually, the problem of the bloated inventories across, it's there 
in innerwear also. And there you can see in the marketplace also, if you talk to the distribution 
partners of peer companies and others. There are a lot of schemes to liquidate  those stocks. 
There are a lot of promotional activities, which are happening. So it is not specific to a category. 
It is across category.  So it is there innerwear and outerwear. 
Ankit Kedia: 
And sir, my last question is regarding the commodity prices. Now with the prices stabilizing, do 
you see the need to take price action in the next six months this year? Or you think you'll take a 
call on the next financial year for any price action. 
Deepanjan B.: 
I think with our current stability in product prices as well as the operational cost optimization 
that we have done, and also is ongoing, we don't see any requirement of any price touching in 
the current financial year. Of course, if the inflationary pressures across different parameters are 
beyond what we are planning, then there can be a different call. But as of now, we don't see any 
requirement of any price touch up. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. And sir, one last question, if I can squeeze in on, A&P spend. We are seeing your 
advertisement on the Cricket World Cup now. So if you can just say second half of the year, can 
we see higher A&P spend in the system versus the first half? 
Deepanjan B.: 
Yes. So there are certain advertising expenses planned in the second half. And with that, we will 
be in the usual range of 4% to 5%, which we have been doing in the previous year. The first half, 
yes, our advertising has on the lower side, but yes, second half there is will be on the higher side. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Let me also clarify that all expense on marketing has been in line with our budget, which we 
have kind of realigned, recasted the outlook which we have for the year. So as I told you, we 
have taken enough measures to protect the margins and all these relevant expenses, we are not 
going to tighten, but we are taking enough measures to protect margin. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So between volume growth and margins, your first focus will always be on margins than on 
volume growth? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Of course, we are looking at volume growth, but we don't want to buy sales. We want to have 
sustainable sales. So we are taking actions on that trend. So as I told you, if the market recovers, 
we will be the first one to bounce back. However, it is always better to plan for the worst, and 
deliver more than what we plan. Otherwise, our spends and other initiatives may go on a very 
optimistic mode. We would like to tighten our belt by considering that it may take more time for 
recovery, but we are prepared to bounce back to the market at the moment the buoyancy returns. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sheela Rathi with Morgan Stanley. 
Sheela Rathi: 
My first question was with respect to the salience of online sales has been strong this quarter at 
30%. Is it fair to say that we were under-indexed on the online side, and that's why the growth 
number seems to be stronger on online vs. off-line? And are there any particular categories which 
are actually doing well for us on the online side of things? If you could give us some more idea 
as to what's happening there? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Well, the growth -- online growth has been across categories. There is no specific category, 
which has shown acceleration. It's good to see it is across categories. And it also shows the 
changing behaviour of the consumer. Of course, many of the actions which we have also taken 
to bolster the D2C is also giving its results, and there is much more to come. There is a lot of 
work which has been done on that side of the business. 
Sheela Rathi: 
How should we think about you in general the growth road map for the overall business, will 
the online be a much superior growth business for us going ahead. What I mean to say is that in 
the next five years, should we think that online will be 20% of revenues or something versus 
where we are today? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
With the changing consumer behavior, I think we should be prepared for it. And I think as an 
organization, we should remain agile. That's how I will look at it. I won't be surprised if online 
is in high teens or late teens in four, five years' time. And we should take enough measures in 
taking and nurturing that channel to take care of that opportunity. But for me, I will say we need 
to remain agile because it is very volatile out there. So we are ready, in fact, the initiatives we 
have taken on the D2C side, we are very happy with the initiatives taken, both the quality of the 
initiative and the speed or the pace at which we have gone ahead executing it. And we are already 
seeing the results, and there is much more to come on that side. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. And the second question was in respect to the women's innerwear you talked about that 
selling better. So if you could give us some more insights in terms of any particular market or 
what is driving a better growth there? And what is the delta in terms of growth of women's 
innerwear versus men's innerwear? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
I think multiple reasons. I think one is the product and the price we have positioned also very 
sweetly there. The second is the campaign, which we did. The Knows me campaign, all these 
were -- are paying results. And I think we did create that awareness among our consumers on 
the category. Thirdly, we have done a lot of work as far as the store associates are concerned 
because this is one category where you need your sales associates to be more of solution 
providers rather than sales winner and especially for the bra category. And I'm proud of what 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
the efforts our sales team and our learning and development team have taken collectively to 
make them a solution provider to a consumer. And all these are showing results. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Okay. And the final question was to Deepanjan with respect to the EBITDA margin. We believe 
that a lot of variable costs are not there at this point of time. So how should we think about the 
trajectory on margins once we start seeing some green shoots on growth recovery? Because I 
believe we still have uncertainty with respect to when growth will come back. But how should 
be the path for margins going ahead? 
Deepanjan B.: 
See, as we have always mentioned, we are very comfortable in the range of 19% to 21%. 
 
And given all the operational cost optimisation measures that we have taken and with the 
stability of the raw material costs, we are quite sure that, that range will always be maintained. 
But yes, at the same time, there are certain marketing initiatives being planned. There are also 
digital initiatives being planned, which are long-term benefits, but the investment phase  will be 
starting now. So these expenses can impact the margins to some extent. But yes otherwise, we 
are very sure that the margins will still be in the range of that 19% to 21%. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Manish Poddar with Invesco Asset Management. 
Manish Poddar: 
Yes. Just a couple of questions. So first one is, have you given the reason for rebasing the 
numbers? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Pardon? 
Manish Poddar: 
So you've rebased the sales numbers in the base quarter, right? So I'm just trying to understand 
what is the reason for the same? 
Deepanjan B.: 
As we explained that, I mean, our revenue from operations number that we report has an element 
of sales through our outsourced partners. So we typically supply raw materials to outsource 
partners, which they use and convert to finish goods and selling back to us. So earlier, this part 
of the operation that is sale of raw materials to outsourced partners was captured as other income 
from operations. So that has been regrouped as -- and netted off against the cost of those supplies. 
So that's the reason. 
Manish Poddar: 
And why is it done now, and not done earlier? What has changed as an -- why do you change 
the accounting? 
Deepanjan B.: 
It's more of an internal discussion and accounting standards applicability because at the end of 
it, it is raw material costs which we have sent and it has come back to us. So it makes more sense 
that it is grouped under cost of goods and  netted off thererather than showing as part of the 
business. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And the second one is in terms of inventory. Have you given a split of RM versus FG in 
inventory? And how much of FG is in, let's say,athleasure? 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Deepanjan B.: 
Yes. In the balance sheet, we do have a split of RM finished goods and work in progress. Yes, I 
think in the published financials that will not be there. But yes, in the annual report, we do give 
a breakups. 
Manish Poddar: 
So would you be able to help me on the first half basis, what is the split between the three 
variables, lets suggest RM and FG, WIP is not or what is of concern. I'm just trying to understand 
end products which are not sailing and how much is, let's say, the inventory in the system from 
because of that? And both this is RM the margin benefit for that? 
Deepanjan B.: 
Part of it is INR1,361 crores inventory that we have reported, finished goods is around INR698 
crores, and raw material is around INR270 crores. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. And just of this of FG, how much is of athleisure? 
Deepanjan B.: 
No, that breakup we don’t give 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Sir, it would be helpful given the environment where we are in, and 
just a feedback probably, and it will be great if you take it on positive -- from a positive feedback 
response loop. A lot of numbers all of the place because of our interventions and the external 
market environment. 
 
And given that we are also seeing attrition at different levels, would be helpful if you can just 
give us clarity on certain category level trends or channel level trends, region level trends, some 
sort of data on a quarterly basis or a half yearly basis so that you -- one could appreciate the 
results much better. Because as investors, we are -- it just roll over to be very honest. I understand 
I don't want to do it on the earnings call, but it just roll forward of expectations, frankly. So it 
will be great if you can give some clarity there, that would be helpful. 
Deepanjan B.: 
We take your feedback. We'll deliberate on that. And if that helps in a better presentation, we'll 
definitely consider it. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta with India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
I have two, I'll be quick here. So first of all, historically, you've seen kind of a seasonality in 
volumes that tend to be higher in the first quarter and then they decline sequentially. Typically, 
in 3Q, it is 5% down versus 2Q. Now my question is that post ARS implementation, which is 
now broadly complete, would you say that, that seasonality element in volumes have now 
reduced considerably? Or it is just a reflection of the end consumer demand, which is still likely 
to be there in our primary volume that we sell. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes. So there are two and yes, you are right, historically Q1 is the highest quarter. And I think 
it will remain so for some time to come. But even if there is ARS -- because that is when the 
distributor actually primes up inventory and that will continue, but it will be more democratic, 
as far as this spread is concerned. So in the past, most of the money flows in some of the core 
products and it has affected the discoverability of our hidden gems, the winners which have not 
got the field of play. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
So now it will be much more democratic. And on your second part, yes, ARS is more or less 
done, but it will take time to for the hygiene to kick in because even though every -- almost 
majority of the distributors have signed into ARS and have made substantial progress, and it 
varies from category to category, the progress which we have made, but first is to correct the 
bloated inventory they have on hand, and it will take time for that correction to kick in. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got sir. Second question, and this is on men's innerwear particularly for a category, and you said 
that trends are similar across the board. So basically, for a category such as men's innerwear for 
a whole year now, I mean volumes have been quite under pressure for a whole year. And even 
this is adjusted for the ARS impact that we had reported in the last two quarters of FY'23. Now 
unless consumers have downgraded or we are, as a company losing market share what exactly -
- what else can this decline in volumes be attributed to? And if you could just help me the sales 
growth or volume growth for the EBO channel this quarter. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes. Yes. So again, there are two parts on the -- innerwear side of the business, I don't think the 
consumers might have downgraded. I think the ticket size or the quantities they are buying has 
reduced because if you see even our peer companies are under pressure as far as volumes are 
concerned, so there is generally a control on the spend, and we can see this across from CG and 
many other industry because many spends have gone up, the health, the education, rentals 
without a substantial increase in their salaries. In fact, IT sector is also under tremendous stress. 
So all this is having an impact. 
 
But again, with the overall economy and overall growth story, this can't last. So it's just a 
question of time as I keep telling, but I don't think it is definitely not the question of losing 
market share. In fact, we're also seeing some premiumization happening. So people who have 
the money actually spending. So it will come back, and you can see the peer companies also on 
the equal pressure and it's an essential product. So it should recover faster than any other 
category. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vikas from Equirus. 
Vikas: 
Just only one question from my side. While in a few quarters back, we were -- one of our key 
drivers was the distribution expansion. But given the current environment. And of course, the 
numbers also -- where you in the earlier comments, you said that some of the areas that we did 
enter into earlier was rolled back because now the office work and others have resumed. So what 
is our view with respect to the expansion on those addition right now, given the environment we 
are in. And yes, that is my question. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
We have tremendous scope for expansion because see, as you know, we have a huge headroom 
beyond teens as far as men's innerwear market penetration is concerned, single digit in other 
categories in which we are. And if you look at the number two three, in most of those categories, 
we are higher than number two, three, four combined. So you can imagine the headroom which 
we have and how fragmented the market is. 
 
So there is enough room for expansion, and we will continue to expand because we are very, 
very optimistic about the long term. There's no question about it. And we are going to go all out. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
These are temporary cases which any business will go through. We are going through that. But 
our long-term outlook is definitely positive. That's why -- we're also spending for the future as 
far as IT and other spends are concerned because these are all essential to nurture and grow the 
brand. 
 
Expansions, right expansions will continue, and we are also taking enough efforts to make the 
distributors profitable so that we take it as our responsibility, and that is where we are working 
overtime on their inventory health and having a better management of the inventory. And that is 
very, very important. And that will actually help us to have accelerated expansion because there 
will be more and more partners who will see that this is a good business to be in. 
Vikas: 
Sure. And sir, just other participant has asked could you say what would be the volume growth 
at an EBO channel level, that would be helpful. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Yes, sorry, I missed the that. We don't give the split, but I can tell you, EBOs have also recorded 
a de-growth, and this is where we say like this is more of market, not because of other factors of 
losing shelf space. And that is the right barometer or the indicator as to how the market is. So 
we are seeing that in EBOs also. 
Vikas: 
Correct. Correct. Okay. But on a broad basis, would that be significantly higher or lower than 
the company level 8% that you have given? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Well, it is negative growth, but it is comparatively lower compared to the overall. That is because 
when it comes to EBO, EBOs has always been in ARS for a long time. So there is a much better 
inventory health in the system. And therefore, the degrowth has been softer. And as far as the 
general trade distribution is concerned, this is where ARS is very important. And now that it's 
reaching a maturity state, things should improve as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Devanshu Bansal with Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, your commentary indicates that team at least has done a good job and whatever challenges 
are there are because of weak macro. So my concern was regarding the several senior-level exits, 
first, Mr. Shukla; and now Mr. Sehgal. So I wanted to check what are the reasons for these exits? 
And what are the key guidelines for new hires? And also who will be taking care of their 
portfolios in the interim? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
When Mr. Sehgal has decided to move on for personal reasons, and he has been in discussion 
with us for some time, and there is also a proper transition plan planned, and we do have enough 
leadership bench strength and we will be able to manage the business with the current 
management team, even with this resignation. So we can manage it. And this has been planned 
and this is happening in a very smooth manner and he is moving on for personal reasons. And 
Mr. Shukla, left for looking at better professional growth outside, and we wish him all the very 
best. And in the meantime, we do have our current team, which is managing, and we have also 
taken initiatives to hire a talent to manage the modern retail and the transition is in progress. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rishi Mody with Marcellus Investment Managers. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Rishi Mody: 
So was there any ARS impact in the current quarter? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Not much because as I explained to you in the last meeting also, that was there in the very first 
quarter when the inventory was so bloated. Once it comes below the tank size, there is no impact. 
The only thing is we will get a better width as far as the product portfolio is concerned. So I can 
say from a consumer discoverability part of it and reaching our product to the market is 
concerned, there is only a positive impact. 
Rishi Mody: 
Understood. But I think you referred to some disconnect between primary sales and secondary 
sales. So why is there a disconnect? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
No. What I meant is with bloated inventory for some time, the secondary should be higher than 
primary so that the inventory of the distributor gets corrected. So that's where I'm saying it has 
not normalized fully. And if we had to help our partners to have a healthy inventory, we cannot 
push products more than what he can ideally have. So we have been managing that. So it has 
been a more focused approach of improving secondary sales and our entire sales team is now 
focusing on secondaries and primaries will automatically follow. 
Rishi Mody: 
So for this quarter, was there a difference between secondary sales growth rate and primary sales 
growth rate. 
V. S. Ganesh: 
Of course, secondary sales has been slightly better than primary. See, we have actually crossed 
that bridge. So there has been a slight increase in secondary compared to primary. And that's 
where I'm saying the inventory correction is happening. And now going forward, it should level 
out. I think we have gone past the difficult phase as far as those corrections are concerned. 
Rishi Mody: 
Understood. And can you quantify the improvement in distributor inventory? What was it in Q2, 
Q1 and Q2 of last year? 
V. S. Ganesh: 
I can say there has been a substantial improvement in the number of days of inventory, which 
the distributors are now currently maintaining. The number of days may vary from region to 
region and also category to category. So I'm unable to give a specific number, but across our 
distribution, there has been a tremendous improvement. And we also taken enough and more 
measures in improving our logistics, reducing our lead time, which also helps the distributor to 
tighten its inventories as far as the number of days inventory is concerned. But what I can say is 
there is an excellent improvement in those numbers, and it is in line with what we expected. So 
the project is working as per plan. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deepanjan for closing comments. 
Deepanjan B.: 
Thank you, everyone, again, for joining this earnings call, and wish you and family very happy 
and prosperity Diwali. With that, we can close this call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Page Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may disconnect your lines. 
