      
 
 
 
 
Date: 13th November, 2023 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Department of Corporate services 
Phirojee Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400023  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051   
 
Scrip Code: 500136 
Symbol: ESTER 
 
Subject: Transcripts of Earning call held on 9th November,2023  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In continuation of our letter dated 9th November, 2023 regarding Audio recording of Earnings call 
for Investors and Analysts and pursuant to Regulation 30 (6) read with Part A of the schedule III 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcripts 
is enclosed herewith and available on the website of the company at the following link- 
https://www.esterindustries.com/node/1124  
Please take same on your records. 
Thanking You,  
Yours Faithfully,  
For Ester Industries Limited                                                         
 
 
Poornima Gupta   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
 
 
 
 
Encl : As above 
Poornima 
Gupta
Digitally signed by Poornima Gupta 
DN: c=IN, st=Haryana, 
2.5.4.20=38c4bf26825c8505114f5ee4c368efc175d4ee
82bed50bc860fd01f63c88fa79, postalCode=133201, 
street=Barara,Barara,Barara,Ambala, 
pseudonym=7f1e6e8adad4f809d884b8dec6b4a008, 
serialNumber=8baeab600418795b857a7b0ce2af97ed
0996f1597e4e4f2a11f7f7a78812ef3b, title=0795, 
o=Personal, cn=Poornima Gupta 
Date: 2023.11.13 16:25:17 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
Ester Industries Limited 
Q2FY24Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Ester Industries Limited Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Desa. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day everyone, and a warm welcome to Ester Industries Q2 &H1 
FY24 Analyst and Investor Conference Call.  
We have with us day Mr. Arvind Singhania – the Chairman and CEO, Mr. Pradeep 
Kumar Rustagi – the Executive Director- Corporate Affairs and Mr. Girish Behal – 
Business Head. 
We will begin this call with opening remarks from the Management following which 
we will have the floor open for an interactive Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and a note to this effect was shared 
with you in the invite earlier. We trust you have had a chance to go through the 
financial performance. 
I would now like to hand over to Arvind Singhania to make his opening remarks. Over 
to you, Arvind. 
Arvind Singhania: 
Thank you, Gavin and thank you everyone for joining us today. I have alongside with 
me Mr. Pradeep Rustagi – Executive Director-Corporate Affairs and Mr. Girish Behal 
-- Business Head Film SBU  
I will briefly talk about the key Business Highlights, post which Pradeep will walk you 
through our “Financial Performance”. 
The current business landscape continues to pose challenges for both BOPET Films 
and the specialty polymer sectors. 
On a standalone basis, though the quarterly performance reflects improvement on a 
sequential basis at a broad level, it does mirror the pressures being faced by both 
these industries. We have seen our industry peers in the BOPET Film business 
report subdued performance in the same period as well.  

 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Starting with the BOPET Film sector and we have been emphasizing the significant 
increase in supply due to the introduction of new capacities, this surge in supply has 
negatively impacted pricing margins at overall profitability.  
On the other hand, the Specialty Polymers division safeguarded by intellectual 
property rights is not exposed to direct competitive risk, but it is nonetheless exposed 
to the challenges of a slowdown and the uncertainties grappling the U.S economy 
which is its primary market.  
Let me now move on to our quarterly performance. To start with the headline 
numbers on a standalone basis, our revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 244 crore 
with EBITDA of Rs. 3 crore and a loss for the quarter at Rs. 13 crore. The 
underwhelming performance as previously highlighted mirrors the on the ground 
hurdles our businesses are currently facing.  
The film business, as we have previously mentioned, is experiencing acute demand 
supply and balance due to commissioning of new capacities. This combined with the 
subdued demand in overseas markets has negatively affected the profit margins. 
The performance of the specialty polymers business has also been affected by 
continuing recessionary pressure in the US, which is key and major market for this 
business.  
Moving on to individual businesses now, starting with specialty polymer. While we 
did witness some improvement in both revenues and volumes during the quarter 
compared to Q1, the on-ground situation though remains challenging owing to the 
uncertainties and inflationary worries grappling the US economy.  
In terms of product offtake, we have seen 14% growth in volumes on a sequential 
basis, although on a year-on-year basis it has degrown. The present volume 
trajectory is below the historical averages and the true potential of the business. 
During Q2 as well despite reporting higher volume, we have seen our profitability 
and margins trend lower owing to lower contributions from the marquee higher 
margin products. 
MB03 volumes for the quarter stood at 179 metric tons has again 422 metric tons in 
Q2 FY23 and 247 metric tons in Q1 FY24. As far as innovative PBT is concerned, 
Q2 witness volumes of 185 metric tons as against 605 metric terms in Q2 FY23 and 
79 metric tons in Q1 FY24. We have been reiterating that the products and the 
businesses on its own is not subject to competitive threats, given that most of our 
products are IP protected.  
The growth momentum though is subject to the overall business sentiment and 
health of the US economy. We are hopeful that the demand and subsequently the 
volumes and profitability of the business will revise maybe after a couple of quarters 
as the US economy starts to recover.  
It is important to mention here that basis revenues of Rs.130 crore of specialty 
polymer SPU generated during half one of FY23 we have achieved annual run rate 
of about Rs. 260 crore. With EBITDA of approximately Rs.85 crore, as soon as global 
and U.S. economy revive, we are confident of bettering these numbers. We are 
committed to harnessing our R&D expertise to infuse innovative and captivating 
products. 
 We maintain a positive outlook on the business potential in the medium-to-long term 
and have the confidence to navigate to the current short-term challenges.  

 
Page 3 of 9 
 
Turning attention to our Film business as we are emphasized in our prior discussions, 
there has been an influx of excess capacity in the market due to commissioning of 
new production units.  
Most of the production lines that got commissioned in the recent past were put under 
implementation after we started implementation of Telangana project in October 
2020. While the growth in demand continues to be robust with domestic demand 
growing at 11% to 12% per annum and global demand growing at 5.5% to 6% per 
annum, the supply has surpassed the demand by significant percentage leading to 
a chain reaction of reduced pricing and margins. 
This along with subdued demand and export markets aggregated by geopolitical. 
disturbances across the world have further exacerbated the pricing challenges. Our 
overall volumes for the quarter stood at 18,867 metric tons comprising of 12,892 
metric tons on a standalone basis and 5,975 metric tons at a subsidiary level. Despite 
higher volume growth though we have seen moderation in profitability and margins 
during the quarter owing to the sharp price and margin erosion.  
We believe the pricing pressure will continue for a couple of quarters before the 
stabilization process starts. Our efforts till then will be directed towards enhancing 
efficiencies and improving product mix by increasing the share of value-added 
products. 
On a standalone level, we have seen our share of value-added products comprising 
25% during the quarter. We are also working on new products that will enable us to 
improve profitability and mitigate the effect of a network market scenario. We are 
also focusing a lot on reducing cost, reducing wastages and improving efficiencies.  
We believe such efforts will help us deliver stable and profitable performance in the 
long term. That concludes my opening remarks. I will now hand over the floor to 
Pradeep to walk you through our financial performance. Thank you.  
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Thank you and good day, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our Q2 FY24 
Earnings Call. 
Let me quickly walk you through our financial performance post which we can 
commence the Q&A session. Starting with the revenues on a standalone basis the 
same stood at Rs. 244 crore as against Rs. 308 crore in the corresponding quarter 
last year, lower by 21%.  
The reason for the degrowth as mentioned by Arvind ji pertains to excess supply in 
film business and recessionary worries in US, the key market for our specialty 
polymer business. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 3 crore as against Rs. 30 
crore generated in Q2 FY23 lower by 91%.  
Lower realizations in margins in the film business coupled with adverse product mix 
for the quarter in Specialty polymer business led to lower profitability and margin for 
the quarter. Loss for the quarter stood at Rs. 13 crore as against profit of Rs. 8 crore 
garnered in Q2 FY23. Lower offtake coupled with weaker realization/ margin resulted 
in loss for the quarter.  
Moving on to the performance of Ester Filmtech Limited our wholly owned subsidiary. 
Revenues for the same stood at Rs. 64 crore with EBITDA loss of Rs. 3 crore for the 
quarter. In terms of volume Q2 FY24 generated 5,975 metric ton as against 5,760 

 
Page 4 of 9 
 
metric tons volume generated in previous quarter. EBITDA losses are largely owing 
to lower utilization level and the stress in the film business prevailing currently. 
With time, we are confident that the Ester Filmtech will contribute positively to the 
overall growth of the business due to its low operating cost. As mentioned previously, 
the plant is expected to generate revenue worth Rs. 500 to Rs. 550 crore upon 
achieving optimal utilization.  
In summary, we would like to reaffirm that although the immediate future present 
challenges for both our businesses, we maintain an optimistic and confident stance. 
We are returning to overcome these obstacles and propel our business to their full 
potential in the medium-to-long term, that concludes my opening remarks. We can 
now commence the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
and Co.   
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly thank you for the opening remark that was very vivid and covered a lot of 
the aspects about the business part, but sir, if we take into account the cycle in which 
we are currently we must have faced this kind of excess capacity earlier also. If you 
could guide us, where are we in midst of the glut and then again the demand rising 
and again we returning to our normal margin situation.  
So, are we in midway or is the worse still there in terms of the pricing part and the 
lower utilization levels which would definitely happen as all players are bleeding and 
also new capacity. I think one new line is also expected going ahead. If you could 
give some color on what are the other capacity addition we are seeing in the near 
future, your outlook, where are we in terms of the pricing? 
Arvind Singhania: 
In terms of the pricing, we are at the bottom, we can't go any further, I mean, at least, 
substantially further. We are I would say, more than midway through the cycle. We 
have only one more line left to be commissioned which will be commissioned by the 
end of this month or early next month, and I think we should start seeing some 
improvement in the next couple of quarters definitely.  
Please also know one very important thing that as per the new plastic waste 
management rules which have been declared, they demand 10% recycled content 
in all packaging material. Now this is possible, and this is becoming effective from 
1st of April 2025. Now this is possible only with polyester film. It is not possible in 
BOPP.  
So, actually we are going to see a much higher growth in demand starting towards 
end of next calendar to fulfill this requirement of the plastic waste management rules. 
Polyester film demand is expected to grow substantially more than any other 
competitive product. 
So, actually we are now I think in the next couple of quarters we should start seeing 
some improvement in terms of margin and I think by 2025 we will be in reasonably 
good shape. I hope this answers your question Saket ji.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. And sir for this specialty polymer, I think so things are looking in an even 
line in if we take quarter-on-quarter numbers, so therein also when can we go back 
to our previous margin state and the outlook which we had earlier in terms of the 
offtake? 

 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Arvind Singhania: 
This is just bad luck Saket ji, please understand that if you take our Q1 numbers of 
FY23, we reached an annual run rate of Rs.260 crore of turnover with an EBITDA 
margin of Rs.85 crore, Rs.90 crore. Now this would have actually grown from there 
had this global recession had not occurred, interest rates have gone up in America 
from 0% to 5%. And this is hurting the business and economy tremendously and as 
soon as this recovery starts, which we are expecting, we are expecting this recovery 
to start by 2nd Quarter calendar 2024. And I am very hopeful that towards the end 
of next year, we should be coming back to the numbers of last year. This is our 
expectation.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir Rustagi ji if you could give me some color on the how the raw material prices 
have cleared up and what the current trend there and also on the net debt numbers 
and I think now with these utilization level also on the utilization levels, if you could 
just separately the utilization levels for our new facility and the existing one the 
previous facility? 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Raw material is more or less is stable the PTA prices are about Rs. 77 kg and the 
MEG is in the range of Rs. 46 kg which gives us the chip rate raw material cost per 
chip at about Rs. 81 to Rs. 82 kg. More or less the raw materials have been stable 
for the last two to three months and we don't foresee any major variation in the raw 
material cost going forward.  
Coming to the debt portion, we have a term debt of about Rs.400 crore outstanding 
in Ester Filmtech and a working capital outstanding of about Rs.50 crore. So, that's 
Rs.450 crore in Ester Filmtech and we have close to Rs.300 crore debt Rs.200 is the 
term debt and Rs.100 crore is the working capital. That's the debt interest bearing 
debt in Ester Industries. So, all put together both the companies the consolidated 
debt is Rs.750 crore, but we also have Rs.140 crore lying in the liquid financial 
instruments security. So, net debt is about Rs.610 crore.  
Coming to the capacity utilization, the capacity utilization in Ester Filmtech is about 
55% to 60%, whereas in Ester Industries it is 75% plus as far as film is concerned, 
specialty polymer because of the recession in US, the utilization levels are very low 
less than 10% currently. So. I hope this answers all the three questions that you had 
raised.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir and the cost of funds, sir, currently? 
Pradeep Rustagi: 
Cost of fund in Ester Industry it is about 10% now because there has been 
continuous increase in the repo rates, and which is also forcing banks to increase 
their rate of interest. In Ester Filmtech it is about 7.5% to 8%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just taking into account the deterioration in the financial operation and the financial 
performance. How are we going to ride through this Rs. 600 crore debt on a 
consolidated basis also it's a large number I am taking into account the current. 
business environment. What steps are you taking to tide over this and how are the 
rating agencies taking into consideration the current environment?  
Pradeep Rustagi: 
So, we had a meeting with the rating agency in the recent past and looking at the 
comfortable liquidity position they are not taking any negative view on the company 
per se, but in three months to six months’ time they would be looking at the industry 
in totality and then they may come out with some sort of correction if required, but 
this is our discussion with the rating agency as of now, there is no risk to the 
downgrade of the rating that we have obtained. We are A minus as of now from 
CRISIL.  

 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Arvind Singhania: 
And we have enough liquidity to write through this downturn, so we are not really 
worried and we are always there to stand by with the company. We have performed 
extremely well in the last 3 years, 4 years handed out very, very handsome dividends 
to the shareholders. The share price also went up, unfortunately, because of the 
excess capacity and the global recessionary conditions this has happened, but this 
is a very short-term phenomena and we are very, very sure that we will come out 
with very soon and stronger. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Ajinkya Jadhav from Dolat Capital. 
Please go ahead  
Ajinkya Jadhav: 
So, I was saying, what are the sectors one must look at to see the signs of potential 
growth revival for Films business?  
Arvind Singhania: 
What sectors should we look at? Polyester film actually addresses the flexible 
packaging business, while the specialty polymer addresses many sectors across the 
board, including consumer electronics, carpets, textiles, industrial rigid packaging, 
flexible packaging.  
So, we are we are actually addressing the host of applications in specialty polymer 
while polyester film addresses largely flexible packages,  
Pradeep Rustagi:  
And the flexible packaging would be mainly consumer FMCG sector.  
Ajinkya Jadhav: 
So, my question is MB03 and innovative PBT these two products how much they 
contribute to the specialty polymer business?  
Arvind Singhania: 
They contribute very largely to the specialty polymers business, about 70% to 80% 
and right now because of the like I explained, because of the recession in the U.S 
and global recession actually the volumes have fallen quite substantially and we are 
hoping that this will start reviving by middle of next year, by the middle of next 
calendar. 
Ajinkya Jadhav: 
Just last question from my end, like how is the pipeline in this specialty polymers 
business for the new products? Are there any plans to launch?  
Arvind Singhania: 
The pipeline is quite strong and actually we are working on a couple of very 
interesting products right now and we are very hopeful that they will also start giving 
dividends. It may take some time because we have just started introducing it to the 
market. So, hopefully by sometime during next year, we should hear some positive 
if we get start getting positive effects of it also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Svan Investment 
Managers.   
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, just wanted to understand more from an industry perspective now I mean you 
mentioned in the opening remarks that there was an oversupply and probably we 
are at the mid level of cycles and there's only one more line coming up in the coming 
month, but if you look overall, the industry, there are number of players are increasing 
our capacity. So, if you look in, I mean almost 58% capacity, we have seen an 
increase over December 21 in BOPET and similarly 23% in the BOPP and almost 
two third of the capacity is another lined up in March 2026. So, over a longer period 
of time how shall one look at the BOPET and BOPP Industries and the spread going 
ahead? 

 
Page 7 of 9 
 
Arvind Singhania: 
See, it's all a question of demand and supply. Right now, the supply is much more 
than demand, that is the reason why the margins are under compression, but the 
good news is that the demand growth is extremely positive, and it is growing at about 
10% to 12% domestically and about 6% globally. So, this will lead to closing the gap 
between demand and supply very soon. So. let's say right now if you're at about 
65%, 67% capacity utilization, the moment we start touching anything between 75% 
to 80%, we start seeing improvement in margins. So, it's wouldn’t not be too far away 
before we start seeing improvement. Like I said, in a couple of quarters we will start 
seeing improvement and this is what we are strongly see. 
Jatin Damania: 
So, which segment is driving that growth and probably you are still being so confident 
that in couple of quarters we'll reach to a 75%. So, can you help us with segment 
which will drive the overall growth?  
Arvind Singhania: 
All segments across the board FMCG this goes for flexible packaging of dozens of 
FMCG products including rice, sugar, salt, tea, coffee, namkeen biggest sector is 
Namkeen your Bhujiya and your big brand names, snack foods, potato chips, 
everything is packaged in polyester and BOPP and these sectors are growing 
phenomenally. I mean these numbers are available for you to see on public 
platforms. So, when these sectors grow so phenomenally, the growth of the 
packaging is bound to grow in a similar manner.  
Jatin Damania: 
Right, also, in your opening remarks or probably in the previous comments, you also 
indicated about the new plastic policy that will probably come into effect from first 
April of 25. So, on a ballpark number, do we have any ideas what would be the 
incremental demand that we will probably generate from this policy? 
Arvind Singhania: 
Well, the policy says that all flexible packaging must contain 10% recycled content. 
And this is effective from 1st of April 2025. Now, polyester is the only product which 
can meet this requirement even BOPP do not meet this requirement of a 10% 
recycled content. So, I believe, or we believe that there will be a big switchover from 
BOPP towards polyester once this becomes effective. It's very difficult to give 
numbers, but I would imagine there will be a substantial boost to the consumption of 
polyester film.  
Jatin Damania: 
And so coming to your quarterly numbers because compared to last quarter we had 
some impact of the shutdown at our facility in Telangana. So, if you can help us the 
status, what was the status of the entire facility in Q2 because that capacity which 
came on strain and at what level we utilize this? 
Arvind Singhania: 
About 65% the Telangana is at 65% capacity utilization.  
Jatin Damania: 
And the last question, which is on the specialty polymer, so because we are seeing 
the near-term headwind because we are seeing a decline in the demand. So, by any 
chance are we seeing any green shoots or probably two or three quarters down the 
line or probably are we getting anything from the US end customer that probably we 
are seeing a revival in demand because that's the key product and which will drive 
the overall value-added proposition in our entire basket and drive the margin. So, if 
one want to understand the growth in this facility polymers and the margin probably 
for FY25-26. So, how should one we should look at it?  
Arvind Singhania: 
I think by FY if you talk about FY26 or let's say the year of ‘25-26 I think we should 
be fully back to normal baggage.  
Jatin Damania: 
So, is it safe to assume that you will be around 25% 30% for the Specialty polymer 
at that point of time? 

 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Arvind Singhania: 
So, like I said, I expect the revival of specialty polymers to start sometime middle of 
next calendar around June, July or May, June. And by the end of next calendar, that 
means by end by December ‘24 or let's say early 2025, we expect most of the 
demand to come back in specialty polymers. So, ‘25-26 should be a very good year 
for specialty polymers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Co.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I was looking for an answer for the new capacity that will be commercialized in 
the near future, domestically also and internationally also the size? 
Arvind Singhania: 
I think as far as the domestic is concerned, there's only one line coming up this year 
and one is coming towards end of next year. That's all. And there is nothing else 
stated till ‘26 or ‘27. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And internationally, sir?  
Arvind Singhania: 
Internationally, there is no capacity that we know of other than China, where some 
where some substantial expansions are taking place, but to get absolutely accurate 
information out of China is very, very difficult and they don't export anything, it's not 
really a threat to us.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir taking into consideration the current domestic demand? Are films being 
imported in the country? 
Arvind Singhania: 
No, there are no imports. There is no import threat as of now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, what factors will change our fortunes going ahead, how will these capacities get 
absorbed and how is the path going to be, what’s your experience?  
Arvind Singhania: 
Very simple Saket ji I have explained before demand growth is about 11%, 12% in 
India is 6% globally and once we the plastic waste management rules become 
effective 1st of April ‘25, the demand for polyester film will suit even more. There is 
likely to be convergent from BOPP to polyester film because BOPP cannot offer 
products with 10% recycled content only polyester can. So, we expect demand to do 
substantially in the polyester sector starting April ‘25.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir how has been our performance in the value-added segment I think so for 
Ester Limited we had a good proportionate and we also guided for? 
Arvind Singhania: 
We are doing quite well. They're doing quite well and in fact we are working on one 
very interesting product which could actually become a game changer for the whole 
flexible packaging industry. You will come to know of that very soon. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That is again in the value-added segment only? 
Arvind Singhania: 
It is a value-added product, yes.  
Saket Kapoor: 
And what are the spreads currently I forgot to ask. Currently, per KG spread for us? 
Arvind Singhania: 
Domestic market would be around Rs. 17 to Rs. 19. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And in optimum conditions sir what are the reasonable margins that we have been 
incurring over a period of time consistently for giving away the variation?  

 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Arvind Singhania: 
We have see crazy margins of up to Rs. 75 that of course is not going to come back 
for a while, but I would imagine reasonable margins to be in the region of about Rs. 
40 to Rs. 45. I think that we should expect to see this kind of future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question and 
answer session. As there are no further questions, I would now like to end the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Arvind Singhania: 
Thank you all for attending the earnings call today and I look forward to seeing you 
all for the next earnings call for the Quarter 3. Thank you very much and have a good 
day.  
 . 
