 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Submission of transcript of conference call under Regulation 30 of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are enclosing the transcript of Q2 & H1 FY 24 Earnings conference call for investors and analysts 
organized by the Company on Monday, November 6, 2023 at 12:00 Noon IST. The audio recording and 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
 
 
 
Rohit Saraogi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
ROHIT 
SARAOGI
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT SARAOGI 
Date: 2023.11.10 
10:00:57 +05'30'

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 06, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S. H. Kelkar & Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for S. H. Kelkar 
& Company Limited’s Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us 
Mr. Kedar Vaze – Whole-time Director and Group CEO and Mr. Rohit Saraogi – EVP 
and Group CFO of the company.  
We'll begin the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the Earnings Presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now like to invite Kedar to make his opening remarks. 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our earnings 
conference call today. I hope you have gone through our Results Documents which 
were uploaded earlier on the exchanges. 
In Quarter 2 FY24, we sustained a healthy performance continuation with our 
Quarter 1 performance. Our Core Fragrance segment delivered 13% growth during 
the quarter. This segment's growth was supported by increase in domestic market, 
higher sales volumes reported across our diverse customer base. In particular our 
engagement with large corporate and global MNCs has started to show positive 
impact with an excess of 20% growth.  
Our strategy in Europe will continue to be focused on bottom line improvement as 
we have reached more than 85% capacity utilization. We are pleased to report that 
we have restored our EBITDA margin in European business back to normal levels. 
Overall, we have reported a 10% revenue growth and a 25% EBITDA growth with 
the European markets showcasing steady results.  
Regarding our Flavours division, revenues during the quarter were lower by 4%. In 
this segment international market witnessed a downturn in revenue due to channel 
destocking and strategic inventory adjustment by clients. On a positive note, our 
domestic revenues in this division continued healthy growth registering 12% 
increase.  
On a consolidated basis our operating EBITDA increased by 26% to Rs. 76 crore 
maintaining margins at 16.7%. Our core European business also contributed to the 
improved performance strengthening our outlook for the remainder of the year.  
Moving on to the business update: 
I am pleased to announce the successful acquisition of the remaining 19% equity 
stake in Holland Aromatics, making it a wholly owned subsidiary. This complete 
integration with our organizational framework is anticipated to yield multiple 
synergies. By fully integrating Holland Aromatics into our European company 
structure, we expect to unlock several synergies. Collaboration of expertise, 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 3 of 15 
resources, market insights, should help us further strengthen our presence in the 
European domain.  
Coming to the Global Ingredients segment, we have continued to advance our 
backward integration strategy following the agreement with a third-party vendor 
established in the previous quarter. This collaboration has helped strengthen our 
supply chain and we have successfully reduced our sourcing from China by over 
30%. We are confident that this will enhance our supply chain resilience as we move 
forward.  
In conclusion, we would like to state that our commitment to growth and business 
excellence is highlighted by our extensive international footprint, strong client base 
built over the decades and continual investments in R&D. As the fiscal progresses, 
the expected upswing in domestic FMCG sector coupled with our strategic 
measures should enable us to close the year on a strong note. 
On that note, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will start with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. First in respect to the Fragrance segment, 
so do you mention in the opening commentary that it has been led by volume 
growth across the domestic and export business. But just some quantification with 
respect to what percentage has been primarily driven by volume and the pricing 
front? And secondly in respect to the customer in categories, so you mentioned 
that 20% kind of a growth has come in from the large corporate. So, just want to 
get a sense whether the growth has been broad based across all the categories 
irrespective of MNCs or it is confined to them only? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, to answer your first question, about 2% of our growth has come from pricing. 
The remaining growth has come through volume growth. This is on overall basis. 
Then second question if you can just repeat.  

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 4 of 15 
Bharat Gupta: 
I just wanted to check like in terms of the volume growth across the domestic and 
the export. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Volume growth across domestic and export has been robust across all segments. 
The volume growth on the large corporate global MNC has been higher and other 
customers, the more mature markets they continue to grow in double digits. 
Bharat Gupta: 
The large corporate should be constituting less than 10% of our overall revenues. If 
my understanding is correct? 
Kedar Vaze: 
It is about 25% of our overall Fragrance revenue. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Secondly can you just throw some light with respect to the new products which we 
are working upon. So, we are seeing that there has been an increasing demand for 
the premiumized kind of a products in the personal care category. So, in this 
particular segment how are we placed and what kind of a products we are working 
upon?  
Kedar Vaze: 
We are engaging with all the different types of clients, both startups, e-commerce, 
small clients, large clients, existing mature FMCG clients, as well as global MNC 
clients. So, we are working across all the segments for both premium as well as 
mass market or value for money products. There is not one or two projects, there 
are large number of projects which is part of our normal course of business. In 
addition, we have continued investments in cosmetic ingredients which is a new 
area for us and that will help us to boost our approach towards the upcoming 
premium e-commerce offerings that are coming in.  
Bharat Gupta: 
In terms of the revenue contribution, from the products which we have launched 
post the COVID era. So, what kind of a contribution is coming out to the overall 
revenues?  
Kedar Vaze: 
In terms of the overall it will be around 3% in terms of the new products within 
emerging markets its around 6%. 
Bharat Gupta: 
The reason why I asked you this question is primarily to get an understanding 
whether the volume growth which we are witnessing, so that has been primarily 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 5 of 15 
coming in from the new age products or it is coming in from the existing set of 
products mainly. 
Kedar Vaze: 
The volume growth largely is coming kind of half and half. There is a normal growth 
of 5%-6% year-on-year which we are seeing this year versus last year where it was 
muted. We are witnessing normal traction this year plus we are seeing 5% to 6% of 
new products across the range. There are obviously some as the percentages are 
very large because they were only trials for last year. It's a bit incorrect to put these 
percentages. But we are doing across the board except existing business is growing 
as well as good engagements in the new products.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Also, on the RFQ front, is there any kind of a finalization which we need, you have 
the visibility for FY25 now or still it is the work in progress and probably we'll see 
the finalization to take some more time? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, RFQ is not one large ticket thing. So, there are many subparts and finalization is 
happening on various timelines. I don't have anything, any update to give between 
last quarter and this quarter to change the position there, so that RFQ position 
continues as it is.   
Bharat Gupta: 
Just irrespective of RFQ. if I look at FY25 and with the kind of a product mix which 
we have and with the kind of demand which we are witnessing across the domestic 
and export bit, can you quantify with the kind of a revenue growth in double digit 
across the segments whether it is Flavours or Fragrance that kind of a growth is 
sustainable excluding the RFQ part.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so we have given a guidance for 12% revenue growth in a medium term. We 
have achieved that for the first half of this year, and we are confident to keep this 
trend going forward.  
Bharat Gupta: 
In terms of the Global Ingredients piece, so primarily there has been a dip in the 
overall revenues. So, just wanted to get an understanding like whether the revenue 
decline which we are witnessing is primarily coming in from the pricing pressure 
from the Chinese players and do you expect any reversal in the subsequent quarters 
as such?  

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think Global Ingredient is steady state. We have not been very aggressive on the 
market given the dynamics that the raw material is coming from China, and we are 
competing with very similar competitors, who are sort of backward integrated or 
who have a Chinese raw material supplier base. So, we have taken active steps to 
restore that.. With that, I think we will be in a position to grow this revenue and 
continue to grow it with aggressive marketing and volume growth.  
Bharat Gupta: 
So, I believe the backward integration will happen over the next I think 12 to 18 
months’ time frame it will take and post which will we be in a position where we 
can remain on the EBITDA breakeven stage? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Backward Integration is scheduled to happen in the fourth quarter this year after 
which we should be EBITDA breakeven.  
Bharat Gupta: 
Last bit on the debt trend. So, we have a net debt position of Rs.450 odd crore. So, 
any immediate plans for repaying the debt over the next second half?  
Kedar Vaze: 
No, there is no immediate plans to repay the debt. The debt as part of our 
operations every month, we are generating free cash flow and that is reducing the 
debt progressively. We have just concluded our investments in our Indonesia plant 
and the Holland Aromatic acquisition. So, all this extra cash flow generated in the 
operations has been deployed in this period. We don't foresee any large 
deployments in the next couple of quarters and debt levels would start to come 
down thereafter.  
Bharat Gupta: 
So, will we be able to maintain net debt to EBITDA below 2x? That remains one of 
our priorities.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, we will always maintain it at that level or below.  
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Invest. 
Bharat Sheth: 
When we say that in domestic market how much we are getting the business which 
because of decline in this raw material price, the small vendor which were out of 
the system has come back and how much we are seeing that from global MNC 
presence in India and how do we see some of these new startup and direct to sales 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 7 of 15 
people, if you can give some color and how do we see going ahead in the whole 
segment?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Let me answer that as I understood the question. I think we have a very strong 
presence in the large corporate and the global MNC, that has done more than 20% 
growth for us on the Fragrance and as well as Domestic Flavours. We need to have 
a very strong engagement with the SMEs, the traditional MNCs, traditional FMCGs 
and we are now building a strong portfolio offering for the e-commerce and startup 
companies. So, across all the segments we are uniquely positioned to take up all 
their projects and take our fair share and more than our fair share of growth that is 
expected in the next 2-3 years. We are also proud to sort of talk about our cosmetic 
portfolio where we have a large set of natural products and cosmetic actives which 
our company has developed in terms of the science of cosmetics, and we have 
strong R&D pipeline. So, these cosmetic ingredients go hand in hand providing new 
claims and new ingredients to the e-commerce startup premium cosmetics what 
are coming on the sort of digital platform. So, we have very good pipeline of 
offerings for those customers as well.  
Bharat Sheth: 
Is it possible to say some kind of a color, I mean what is contributing as of today and 
how do the growth in which is maybe growing faster?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the bigger set of clients, which are our existing clients, are all growing at 
volume growth of 6%-7% plus new products are being introduced. The larger 
corporate and global MNC business is additional growth for us because we are not 
only growing but we are also taking market share. So, that is a much higher growth 
area for us and it’s very difficult on the smaller size while the growth percentages 
will look very big because the client was very small and now, they are growing at 
50%-60%. It’s not on a total fragrance or total overall business of Rs. 1,700-1,800 
crore. The new startup, e-commerce businesses are not significant additions in the 
volume or value, but they are very important for us to sustain the growth in the 
future years.  
Bharat Sheth: 
And how do we see gross margin from here onward and EBITDA margin?  

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we have done 16.7% EBITDA margin for this period, and we see that is a good 
level and if the raw material prices come down or there is a better tailwind, maybe 
we can do a little bit better EBITDA margin. But I want to be cautious on guiding 
anything given the geopolitical situation, any oil crisis or raw material crisis or any 
disturbances as a result of what is happening around the world. I don't want to 
depend on that trend. So, currently the trend is positive. We may do 16.7% and 
better. It depends on how the raw material and if there are no force majeures, no 
disturbances, no major macro events, I think we will do better than that. Just to 
allude to that, yes, we’ve also undertaken policy of having a good level of inventory 
at low cost which allow us to support our customers in the next two three quarters 
in a good way. That is also a strategy we are taking. 
Bharat Sheth: 
How our pricing power is that we will be able to deploy to I mean in case of increase 
in raw material price we can pass it on? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have a very transparent policy with our clients and when there is raw 
material increase, we are in a position to negotiate and pass on the increase to the 
clients.  
Bharat Sheth: 
And coming to this Europe business and the Flavour business, how do we see 
Europe business? Whether it is stabilized and there are also lot of change in MNC 
level, so any negative impact on account of that our large RFQ?  
Kedar Vaze: 
No there is no change. In fact, it is beneficial for us. We are better positioned in our 
RFQ than maybe 1 year ago. So, it's a good positive development for us. European 
business continues as it is. We are as I mentioned more than 85% capacity 
utilization. So, at the moment we are focused on the right kind of products and 
customers, and we will focus on them. We will wait to understand the overall 
growth and macro situation in Europe before making any further investments. 
Bharat Sheth: 
On our export to the Southeast Asia and Middle East, how the things are playing 
out?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Things are running well. The commencement of our Indonesia factory is expected 
by end of this financial year. So, with that our overall capacity to address Middle 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 9 of 15 
East and Southeast Asia markets will double and with that we will be more 
aggressive in these markets.  
Bharat Sheth: 
In Fragrance business would you like to share some kind of outlook from here 
onwards? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are looking at a (+12%) CAGR growth here on and we will continue. 
Bharat Sheth: 
On Flavour side?  
Kedar Vaze: 
On Flavour side I think we are also looking at a 15% CAGR growth. At the moment 
our export business is under the question mark in terms of this quarter. Sales have 
been in exports always been sporadic. There have been times when one or two 
quarters the sale is low and then the sales pick up. So, we are waiting and observing 
how we look at the general trend. The export market is kind of seasonal but the full 
year we will be at, I think given that we are already behind, minus in Flavour export 
I don't see we will recover before the end of the year. But longer term there is kind 
of structurally nothing wrong. Again, macro events in the Middle East are in the 
news every day. So, we have to wait and watch and see how that plays out.  
Bharat Sheth: 
With all this kind of a new customer coming, still we are guiding for a 12% kind of a 
growth or is there upside risk? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Upside risk is there. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Upside in the sense it can grow faster?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the 12% is not factoring anything with the RFQ. So, whatever comes in with the 
RFQ additional is benefit or will give us additional topline. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And even factoring this cosmetic side also, correct? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The cosmetic side and the other sort of allied businesses which we have are quite 
small. They are not revenue drivers for us. They are unique selling proposition. So, 
the customer gets a combined package with fragrance and cosmetic ingredients. 
So, we see this as more as a long-term play, a lot of the e-commerce and startup 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 10 of 15 
brands need this service today and we are able to provide that. The business will 
mature over the next I would say 10 years.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kunal Tokas from Fair Value Capital.  
Kunal Tokas: 
My first question was, you mentioned in your opening remarks that the 
international market was affected because of the destocking that took place. So, do 
you see this destocking trend continuing in Quarter 3?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, this is largely alluding to the Flavours because we have few large clients and we 
see that the orders have started to come in. So, hopefully before the end of the 
year we will catch up on our run rate. But the destocking for Quarter 1, Quarter 2, 
particularly Quarter 2 was heavy destocking, we are already seeing signs of initial 
orders for this quarter coming in and Quarter 4 if there are no macroeconomic or 
geopolitical disturbances in that region, we are hopeful to make up the run rate for 
this year. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And my second question was about the raw material prices. So, how are you seeing 
the raw material pricing trend in the future given that 25% of our supply base is 
from China, do you see any immediate benefit in margins from the easing of raw 
material prices from China?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think there are two parts of this. One is what is the spot prices. Spot prices have 
seen a movement down. However, as there are no supplies at these prices yet. So, 
we need to wait and see if the contracts are honored by the suppliers, and they 
actually deliver goods at the prices that they have booked. We already have some 
signs where default of contracts is happening at very low price or reduced-price 
contracts and higher price contracts are being supplied. So, while on paper the 
pricing has started to come down, we have also stockpiled on the inventory at this 
price level. We need to wait and watch whether there is any change in the supply 
situation. On paper there are good contracts at good prices, but the actual supply 
may not happen to the full quantities or to the desired price level. So, we need to 
wait and watch and see what the actual purchase prices is. We will monitor it and 
once the inventory is with us, we will then proceed to discuss with the clients on 
additional volumes and so on and so forth.  

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Kunal Tokas: 
And also, after the backward integration takes place, what will be our drop to 
exposure to China and will we be able to match them on the cost front?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think on the Global Ingredient side, we will be 100% backward integrated. We will 
have capacities to make everything in India. Then we are looking at least some 
quantity from China rest backward integrated. But from a capacity point of view, 
we will have full capacity backward integration in India possible. Overall, our China 
dependency in terms of 3 years ago to now would be roughly 30% down in overall 
value of everything that we buy. Specific for the Global Ingredient business we will 
be 100% independent of China.  
Kunal Tokas: 
And lastly the CFF capacity is operating at nearly optimum utilization. So, do you 
have some plans to shift some manufacturing to Indian facilities and will it give us 
some benefit in terms of incremental operating profit margin?  
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I was just answering his last question alluding to European capacity. So, at the 
moment we will look at utilizing the capacity to the fullest. We are having our plans 
on drawing down the synergies between CFF and Holland Aromatics and further 
enhance our capacity. Our India capacity will also get augmented by the fact that 
we will have the plant in Indonesia. So, we will support some of the export 
businesses out of Europe from our India plant. So, there is no immediate plan to 
invest in capacity in Europe and after a year or two of business depending on the 
market we will have to invest.  
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Ganesh Shetty, an individual investor.  
Ganesh Shetty: 
My question is towards supply chain management and raw material cost. Actually, 
you had a lot of challenges in the last several years on this front. Now I think these 
are well addressed. So, are you seeing any good improvement in EBITDA margin this 
Quarter 3 and ahead of this year? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think while the overall commodity prices are coming down, specific products 
continue to have some challenges. We are optimistic that steps that we have taken, 
contracts that we have made will enable us to support and supply our customers in 
full and support all their growth. We are still keeping our fingers crossed in terms 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 12 of 15 
of what is the net inventory cost decline. So, on paper contracts are at lower price. 
Once the supplies are received, we can then benchmark that, put that in our costing 
and accordingly approach the client.  
Ganesh Shetty: 
My second question is regarding this festive season in India, mostly in third quarter 
of the year. So, will this result into any appreciable volume growth in the domestic 
market or any Flavour growth market? Because many years you are seeing lot of 
headwinds in the domestic market. But this year I think this domestic market is 
quite stabilized. As you have performed really well in the European market plus 
increasing your stake in Holland Aromatics also. So, do you think there's an overall 
effect will be a better benign Q3 for us comparatively than last year?  
Kedar Vaze: 
I think all these effects that you alluded are already factored in the Q2, so Q2 is a 
good quarter. All of these effects are positive for us. We will continue to build on 
this in the upcoming quarters. There's no specific festival demand in Q3 because 
sales happen in Q3, the demand is in Q1-Q2. It doesn't work that after because 
there is lead time to the consumer. So, the sales for the festive season have already 
been factored in the Q1-Q2 sales. But we are seeing continued robust engagement 
across all our customers, whether it's in India, it's in Europe, the Middle East, 
Southeast Asia. We are seeing good engagement. We are seeing new businesses 
new products being approved. So, overall, the growth is intact. Flavour domestic as 
well is growing well. We have good engagements with large clients. The only kind 
of immediate scenario which will change in Quarter 3 is on the Flavour exports 
where we have seen muted supply in the first half of the year, and we expect second 
half of the year to better.  
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Amit Kumar from Determined 
Investments. 
Amit Kumar: 
One question really, you sort of talked about Indonesia factory servicing Middle 
East. It is a little bit surprising. Wouldn't Middle East be better served from your 
existing India operations as it is?  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, we will service Middle East better because our capacity in India will shift to 
Indonesia, so we'll have more capacity in India.  

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Amit Kumar: 
And then what proportion of your sales would be coming in from the Middle East 
territory as it right now, the first half really? Just a broad sense we don't need exact. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Broadly about 10% of our overall business.  
Amit Kumar: 
And just one small point again on this double-digit volume growth and how 
confident are you? Because I understand new products, but as far as we have seen 
the results of some of the large FMCG companies and I'm talking more from the 
fragrance, non-food side, we've not really seen 6%-7% kind of volume growth, more 
like 3%-4%. So, I'm just sort of wondering if restocking is very common you know in 
the industry. So, how confident are you of this double-digit growth? 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are very confident of having volumes excess of the market growth because we 
are looking also at market share gains.  
Amit Kumar: 
But in terms of I mean that's what I'm saying. I get the point on new products but 
the existing products, the existing clients. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Something is a new product for us can also be a degrowth for a competitor. It need 
not be a completely new product in the market. 
Amit Kumar: 
And anything specific which is sort of driving this kind of market share gain for you 
this year?  
Kedar Vaze: 
We have opened up a whole new set of customers for both Fragrances and Flavours 
in terms of global MNC engagement and in terms of large corporate engagement. 
These engagements are fairly recent. So, we have low market share. So, we are able 
to gain market share in these areas. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Chirag Jain, an individual investor.  
Chirag Jain: 
Kedar my first question would be, you told that in the near term there would be 
inventory pent up that is why you’re stocking up. But just a broader time with 
regards to 6 months because now the world moving to the just in time theory. So, 
with regards to inventory rationalization happening overall, would we see back to 
our working capital dates which were earlier lesser as compared to what we are 

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 14 of 15 
currently? Because currently also we are stacked up on the working capital. So, just 
opinion with regards to this, this is my first question.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, I think the working capital levels are on the higher side of the range that we 
want to be in. We will continue to do efforts to bring it down. Having said that this 
working capital level, our objective is to grow the sales and then the ratio of the 
working capital to sales will get normalized automatically.  
Chirag Jain: 
Overall, the working capital cycle will improve because with improvement in sales 
then your receivables will also be something which would be bought in control, 
right?  
Kedar Vaze: 
That's right.  
Chirag Jain: 
And Kedar my second question is this is something which is off the market and the 
rumors which I heard that, the promoters are venturing into a real estate venture.  
And this is something with regards to S.H. Kelkar’s facility which they have in 
Mulund. So, they are probably going to hive off that or they're going to sell it up 
and then develop a property. So, how true is that? Just wanted to have it right from 
your end.  
Kedar Vaze: 
It’s not true. The promoters have plots of land which are not linked to S. H. Kelkar 
at all. Those plots are being developed by other developers. So, there is no truth to 
this.  
Chirag Jain: 
So, the Mulund facility where you had your research center that will be still kept 
with S.H. Kelkar only, so promoters would be running this business independently 
because this is the bread and butter, this is the original business? 
Kedar Vaze: 
S.H. Kelkar facility is not being developed. This continues as it is. There are other 
plots of land that the promoter holds which some discussions are happening on 
development.  
Chirag Jain: 
The existing promoter would be continuing this business.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes absolutely.  

 Q2 & H1 FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Nitin Jain from Dimensional Securities. 
Nitin Jain: 
My question was regarding the employee expense. So, the employee expense had 
increased by 14% for this quarter YOY and for the first half it has increased by almost 
19%. So, what is the reason for that? Any specific reason or just has the employee 
headcount increased?  
Rohit Saraogi: 
So, on the employee side last year, first of all there is an increment of 8.5% average 
increment which has been given to the employees. If you compare with the 
previous year, previous year there was reversal in the variable pay as the 
performance was below budget. That has resulted in an increase which you see in 
the financials.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions, I hand over the 
call to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir.  
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or like to know more about the company, 
please feel free to contact our team of CDR India. Thank you once again for taking 
the time to join us.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of S. H. Kelkar & Company Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy.  
