 
 
November 17, 2023 
 
To,  
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
 
Scrip code: 540268 
 
To, 
The Manager  
Department of Corporate Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip code: TRU 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and 
in furtherance to our letter(s) dated November 03, 2023, November 09, 2023 and November 
10, 2023, we have enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 
10, 2023, at 11:00 a.m. (IST).  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TruCap Finance Limited  
 
 
 
 
Sonal Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Sonal 
Sharma
Digitally signed 
by Sonal Sharma 
Date: 2023.11.17 
16:00:32 +05'30'

TruCap Finance Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 10, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TruCap Finance Limited Q2 
FY24 Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all parƟcipant lines will be in a listen only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask quesƟons aŌer the presentaƟon concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*” followed by “0” on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
At this Ɵme, I hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Ma’am. 
 
Ms. Purvangi Jain: 
 
Good Morning, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor relaƟons of 
TruCap Finance Limited. 
On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for parƟcipaƟng in the 
Company’s earnings call for the 2nd Quarter and the ﬁrst half of the Financial Year 
2024. 
Before we begin, a quick cauƟonary statement: Some of the statements made in 
today’s concall maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements 
are subject to risks and uncertainƟes which could cause actual results to diﬀer 
from those anƟcipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as 
well as assumpƟons made by, and informaƟon currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cauƟoned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of 
today’s earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the Company’s fundamental business and ﬁnancial quarter under review. 
Now I would like to introduce you to the management parƟcipaƟng with us in 
today’s earnings call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have 
with us, Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja – Managing Director and Chief ExecuƟve 
Oﬃcer, we also have Mr. Sanjay Kukreja – Chief Financial Oﬃcer, Mr. Sumeet 
Khanna – Head of Digital Credit Product, Mr. Gaurav Bhargava – Head of Gold and 
Branch Business. 
Without any further delay I request Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja to start with the  
opening remarks on the ﬁnancial highlights. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Thank you, Purvangi. Welcome to our Earnings Call today. Before we get into the 
Earnings Comments and our Strategy going forward, I am very pleased to tell you 
that TruCap’s Board has approved an equity infusion of Rs. 1.68 billion in a 
combinaƟon of warrants and compulsory converƟble debentures to Zeal Global 
OpportuniƟes Fund and Nova Global OpportuniƟes Fund along with a few exisƟng 
investors of the Company. This equity infusion will bolster our net worth to over 
Rs. 4 billion and bring down our leverage to 1.2x from an already low 2x. This will 
enable conƟnued robust growth in AUM, especially with our exisƟng and 
potenƟally new co-lending partners, which should hopefully enhance earnings 
growth in a faster and swiŌer manner. 
 
Now coming to our quarterly earnings results: 
 

In the 2nd Fiscal Quarter of 2024, we reported 60% quarter-on-quarter growth in 
pre-tax proﬁts to Rs. 27 million, driven by robust growth in disbursements of 2.95 
billion, up from 2.68 billion in the previous quarter and 1.55 billion a year ago. 
 
For the ﬁrst six months of the year, disbursements have been 5.62 billion, up from 
3.19 billion a year ago, represenƟng increasing scale and volume growth, driven 
by expansion of our distribuƟon network coupled with the addiƟon of co-lending 
partners. 
 
To illustrate on both these important points further related to capital allocaƟon 
and distribuƟon.: 
 
1. On capital allocaƟon, we have expanded lending-as-a-service 
partnerships from one lender a year ago to ﬁve lenders today, which 
include HDFC Bank, DCB Bank, Shivalik Small Finance Bank, UGRO Capital 
and Central Bank of India. This addiƟon of partners has enabled us to 
disburse 5.62 billion in the ﬁrst six months of the year, of which these 
partners have contributed approximately 3 billion. That means 2.62 
billion of disbursements has happened through our own resources, for 
which we have raised net debt of only 0.33 billion. This goes to show that 
with 0.33 billion of net debt raised in the ﬁrst half of Fiscal’24, we were 
able to grow disbursements by 5.62 billion and our AUM by 1.9 billion, 
which essenƟally is the diﬀerence of 7.7 billion at the end of September 
minus the AUM on March 31st of 5.81 billion. The beneﬁts of this 
accreƟon should start reﬂecƟng in numbers in the back half of this ﬁscal 
and more so in Fiscal‘25. Lastly, due to this strategy adopted on capital 
eﬃciency from August 2021, our leverage conƟnues to remain low at 2x 
versus 1.9x in the previous quarter. 
 
2. Secondly, on distribuƟon, with the expansion of lending-as-a-service 
partnerships TruCap will need to cater to a larger volume of 
disbursements which explains the branch expansion strategy that we 
embarked on over 18 months ago. Our distribuƟon footprint has gone up 
by 63 branches in the last one year to 122 branches at the end of 
September 2023. The majority of these branch openings have been in 
Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns, which today represent almost 50% of our 
branch network. Our footprint today covers Maharashtra, Madhya 
Pradesh, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Delhi NCR, Goa and Punjab and further 
branch ediƟons will be in these states only. 
 
Given that the majority of these co-lending partnerships are driven by the MSME 
Gold loan product, over 76% of our quarterly disbursements were driven by 
MSME gold loans. Our track record in the gold backed product has been fairly 
resilient with over 18.5 billion of cumulaƟve disbursements done in the last 3.5 
years, with only 53 million being taken into aucƟon where we have recovered 
more than 109% of principal plus interest and given money back to the customer. 
Gross NPAs in this product are of meagre 5 basis points. In the collateral free 
MSME business loan product, we have disbursed 0.72 billion in the quarter, up 
from 0.55 billion in the previous quarter. CumulaƟvely, we have disbursed 5.67 
billion in MSME business loans with our gross NPAs in that product being 2.8%. 
 
Assets under management at the end of September 2023 was 7.8 billion, up from 
6.6 billion in June 2023 and up 72% over the last one year. The product 
composiƟon of our total on and oﬀ-balance sheet AUM today is 65% in gold loans, 
34% in MSME business loans and 1% in loan against property and personal loans 
which are in run oﬀ mode. 
 
AcƟve customer count, which was 23,450 in September, 2021 and 57,115 in 
September, 2022, is up to almost 81,000 customers today. 
 

Gross NPAs were ﬂat quarter-over-quarter at 1.1% versus 2.8% a year ago. This 
improvement year-over-year has been driven by our relentless focus on resolving 
legacy LAP and personal loans, which last year contributed to almost 60% of our 
total gross NPAs. Today, only 11% of our NPAs come from legacy LAP and personal 
loans which are also in the process of being resolved by the end of this ﬁscal year. 
 
CollecƟon eﬃciency in the Gold loan product is well north of 200% due to 
prepayment, repayment, part closures, etc. While for the business loan product, 
collecƟon eﬃciency has ranged from 92% to 95% since September 2022. 
 
On the net interest margin, which came in at 5.5%, sƟll lower than our desired 
range of 8%. A few things have happened. 
 
One is due to the rate hikes being passed on to us from June 2022 onwards, we 
have seen margin compression. 
 
Secondly, incremental funding costs that had come down in the June 2023 quarter 
has been ﬂat since then, which resulted in lack of improvement in the NIM in the 
September quarter. To improve NIM going forward, the Company is wriƟng more 
business with lending-as-a-service partners, which gets funded at a ﬁxed hurdle 
rate to the partner. 
 
Coming on to cost-to-income, which we are looking to improve through 
producƟvity and tech enhancements, we disbursed almost 40,200 loans in the 
September quarter versus 35,000 loans in Fiscal 1Q and 22,600 loans in 
September, 2022. This means we have an average of close to 442 loans made per 
working day in this in the previous quarter versus 380 loans in the June, 2023 
quarter and 248 loans a year ago. Almost 48% of our branches have broken even 
and we expect this number to go up to 65% plus in the current ﬁscal. More than 
37% of our branches have an AUM in excess of Rs. 40 million and we are now very 
keenly focused on substanƟally improving branch producƟvity, which is measured 
in loans per day, per branch, per person and the resulƟng proﬁtability it brings to 
the business. As menƟoned on the prior call, the pace of increase in adding new 
branches will be slower for the rest of Fiscal‘24 and Opex as a percentage of AUM 
should decline in the last quarter of this ﬁscal and in Fiscal ‘25. 
 
Furthermore, with several other iniƟaƟves being undertaken by the Company to 
substanƟally enhance business volume through tech enhancement, our cost-to-
income should start to see material improvement in Fiscal‘25. 
 
In conclusion, we want to wish everyone a very happy Diwali and now open the 
call for quesƟons and answers. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the 
quesƟon and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask the quesƟon may press 
”*” and “1” on your touch stone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the quesƟon queue you may press “*” and “2”. ParƟcipants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a quesƟon. Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment 
while the quesƟon queue assembles. We take the ﬁrst quesƟon from the line of 
Krupesh Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead Sir. 
 
Mr. Krupesh Shah: 
 
Hello. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Yes Mr. Krupesh. 
 
Mr. Krupesh Shah: 
 
Hello. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Yes Sir. 
 
 

Mr. Krupesh Shah: 
 
Yeah, Good Morning Sir. Thank you for giving the opportunity. So my quesƟon was 
about just gold loan. So, Gold Loan has increased over 60% of our loan book. So, 
and also about the co-lending, is it the big part of our book going ahead and why 
there are lower margins and the growth is low for the Company overall. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
So on gold loans, that's 65% of the total AUM, which includes the on plus the oﬀ-
balance sheet. In terms of co-lending, co-lending today in in terms of wriƟng 
business, it's gone up to about 39% of total AUM and this number will go up to 
about between 42% to 45% by March 2025. I don't think growth has slowed down. 
Growth has actually been fairly resilient. We are being selecƟve about the kind of 
business that we want to write. So, for example, in the months of September and 
October, gold tradiƟonally becomes more compeƟƟve because of Diwali. In those 
Ɵmes and in Ɵmes when gold prices go up in a fairly robust manner, we get 
somewhat cauƟous. We don't want to compete at pricing that is not sustainable 
for the long run number 1, number 2 in terms of gold prices going up, while that's 
good for the business, that can be very good for lending as well. We tend to be a 
litle more cauƟous in those Ɵmes because any kind of extraordinary shock, which 
can lead to a swiŌ decline in gold prices will not be good for the business and 
more importantly, not good for customers. So, we tend to be more cauƟous on 
those Ɵmes due to which September and October have been a litle slower than 
prior months, but that's perfectly ﬁne. In the unsecured business loan category as 
well, we have made the product much simpler, but at the same Ɵme the selecƟon 
criteria is fairly onerous. So, it's beter to write good business maybe at a slightly 
lower yield than to write more voluminous business at a higher yield, where the 
risk of delinquencies and the risk of provisioning increases at a later stage. 
 
Mr. Krupesh Shah: 
 
Okay So, going ahead, what would be the proﬁtability target of the Company? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
So, we would not only like to give any formal guidance in terms of proﬁtability. But 
the idea is to ﬁrst obviously strive towards geƫng to a 2% ROA and then further 
up from there. I think in the last year to year and a half, our proﬁtability has been 
slightly lower due to the branch expansion that has happened. So, as I menƟoned 
in the opening comments as well, we've added more than 65 branches in the last 
one year. In fact, 31 of those branches came in the June quarter itself. So, there's 
a Capex and Opex costs associated with starƟng those branches. It's also 
important to remember that when you open the branches, the expense comes 
ﬁrst and the revenue comes later, so there's a tail eﬀect that you there will be a 
catch-up on the revenue and the earnings side as well. These branches are now 
breaking even in a shorter Ɵme frame because of co-lending relaƟonships. So, as 
more than 48% of our branches are broken even, which we've guided to about 
65% would break even by the back half of the year, you should see a good jump 
in proﬁtability going forward, but we would not like to give a formal guidance on 
the proﬁt number. 
 
Mr. Krupesh Shah: 
 
Okay. Sure Sir, and the last quesƟon is about recently we have issued warrants 
over here and we have done mulƟple rounds for this fund raising. So, what is the 
reason and where would this be uƟlized and are we expecƟng more such fund-
raising rounds going ahead? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
So, I don't know whether mulƟple rounds, there's an equity infusion that has been 
approved by the Board yesterday, which is on a combinaƟon of warrants and 
CCDS, compulsory converƟble debentures. So, about just under 60 crores is 
expected by the end of December with the balance coming in, which is almost 
about 109 crores, which will come in over the course of the next 18 months. So, 
this equity infusion is a big boost to our net worth also it will help us expand 
business substanƟally and keep leverage very low. So, you know the two choices 
always in front of management, in front of Board is do you want to increase 
leverage take it up to 3x to 4x and wait to raise equity at a later stage or do you 
want to equaƟze the business further run at lower leverage especially because 
you're doing a good amount of business with co-lending partners. We chose the 

later, where we believe that keeping leverage low is fairly important for an NBFC 
of our size. Number 2, increasing the net worth will help us expand these co-
lending relaƟonships further and potenƟally new co-lending relaƟonships also 
because any partner would look at you in terms of how big a Company's net worth 
is and how safe a Company is to do business with because 80% of the capital that 
is being contributed by them. In terms of any future fund raises, I mean, we have 
this fundraise for now that we just announced yesterday. So, anything in the future 
is something that we would look in the future on which I would not be able to 
comment right now. 
 
Mr. Krupesh Shah: 
 
Okay, got it, thank you so much Sir. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Before we take the next quesƟon, a reminder to all the parƟcipants, if 
you wish to join the quesƟon queue you may please press “*” and “1” on your 
touch stone telephone. Ladies and gentlemen if you wish to ask a quesƟon you 
may press ”*” and “1” on your touch tone telephone. We take the next quesƟon 
from the line of Pranav, an individual investor. Please go ahead Sir. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
 
Yes Sir. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Yeah. I had couple of quesƟons. The ﬁrst one is, there have been recent news 
talking about contracƟonary trajectory in the monetary policy, which will lead to 
build up of risk in NBFC., how do you think this will impact us and the NBFC sector 
as a whole? So there have been hike in interest rate by RBI how this is going to 
impact us? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Yeah, so, hikes in interest rates over the course of the last one year when the RBI 
raised by 250 basis points has impacted us on the net interest margin primarily 
and that's why you've seen a contracƟon from 7.5% to about 5.5% for us, so it has 
clearly impacted us very directly. We are expecƟng this impact to dissipate, which 
means that it should be reduced going forward. So, our net interest margin should 
improve going forward. The reason for that is because in the previous two policy 
meeƟngs the RBI has actually not raised rates and we feel that I hopefully that 
should be the case going forward as well, where there would not be any more 
further rate hikes, but obviously that depends on the inﬂaƟon trajectory and 
depends on a lot of other exogenous factors like the FED, etc. But for us on the 
NIM a few things are happening. One is on the funding side, hopefully with the 
equity announcement as well, we're looking to see how we can reduce our cost 
of funds on the incremental borrowing that we are taking from banks. So, 
whatever we are borrowing incrementally, hopefully that should come to us at a 
lower rate relaƟve to what we borrowed in the past Number 1. Number2 is when 
we are funding more of the business through co-lending partnerships that funding 
happens at a ﬁxed rate to the partner, so both these together should help in 
miƟgaƟng NIM compression going forward, and it should help us to improve our 
NIM proﬁle over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Understood. So the next quesƟon I have is how we compete against our other 
NBFCs and other peers in the sector because many other peers are also following 
the similar trends like they are also entering into gold co-lending, etc. So, how do 
we strategize to compete against them? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Sure. This is a quesƟon that almost everyone asked. Firstly, if there was no 
compeƟƟon in this space, then there's something not correct in the space 
because of which there's no compeƟƟon. India is a very big market and righƞully 
so there is compeƟƟon. What I can't speak for other NBFCs or you know other 
ﬁnancial insƟtuƟons, but for ourselves what we do is we choose the pockets that 

we really want to compete in. So, for instance, when we decided we wanted to be 
in the gold backed business loan product, we chose the states that we wanted to 
be in and very carefully calibrated where in those states we wanted to be in based 
on the demand for the products. So, the states that we spelt out, which are 
Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, Goa, etc., 
were the states that we chose. We decided not to go down South because it was 
more compeƟƟve than we wanted it to be and, in these states, then we selected 
where we wanted to have our branches. So, almost 84% of our branches are in 
Tier-2, Tier-3, Tier-4 town. We feel we have no diﬀerenƟaƟng factor being in a Tier-
1 town, Tier-2, Ɵer 3. Tier-4 is where we think we can compete. What we do have 
is certain products which may be diﬀerent from some of the compeƟƟon, and I 
would not like to spell out all the details on the products because then we’re giving 
away our compeƟƟve edge and how you assist the customer, I think Tier-2, Tier-
3, Tier-4 town. Is more about how you assist the customer. Customer service, 
while it’s a very simple word to say is very diﬃcult to execute. So, there has to be 
a certain diﬀerenƟaƟon which we feel we’ve done a decent job in the customer 
experience given to this customer and how quickly you can provide assistance to 
the customer as well. You have to also you know ensure there is the gold product, 
especially this quick disbursement and quick redempƟon ability as well for the 
customer. In the business loan product, which is the collateral business loan 
product, there is a lot of documentaƟon that is required so how you can assist the 
customer in that and how you can make their life easier so that they can conƟnue 
with their day-to-day business while they sƟll try to take a loan I think that is the 
most important diﬀerenƟaƟng factor for us. 
 
Mr. Pranav: 
 
Understood. That was all from my side. Thank You. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. A reminder to all the parƟcipants, anyone who wishes to ask 
quesƟons any press “*”and “1” on their touchstone telephone. Ladies and 
gentlemen if you wish to ask a quesƟon you may press ”*” and “1” on your touch 
stone telephone. The next quesƟon is from the line of Ankur GulaƟ, an individual 
investor. Please. Go ahead, Sir. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Hi Rohan. two quesƟons, one is why the eﬀecƟve tax rate is (+40%) this quarter. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
So, the tax rate keeps moving around from quarter-to-quarter. It's a very 
complicated issue, but what happens with us is, in ﬁnance cost, there's roughly 
about a 1.7 to 2 crores expense every quarter for us, which is a non-cash expense 
due to the corporate guarantee that is given by the hold Co, Wilson Holdings to 
our lenders. Now because of this, there's a diﬀerence between the cash tax paid 
and the actual tax that has to be paid and that's the reason why the tax rate moves 
from quarter-to-quarter. I think it will be fair to say that on a yearly basis it will be 
between 25% to 30% and one should look at it that way. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Second quesƟon, just help us understand in the LAAS porƞolio, if you're geƫng a 
gross yield of hypotheƟcally 20% from the borrower, how is that split between 
TruCap and the co-lender in your P&L, does the 20% enƟrely come to your interest 
income and then you pay out something to co-lender or how does it work from 
accounƟng perspecƟve? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
We use the number of 20% or 20% is a high number to the borrower overall for 
the enƟre LAAS porƞolio, because the idea behind co-lending is to assist the 
borrower and being able to give them loans that are fairly reasonable rate as well 
so that was the concept behind co-lending in the 1st place. But assuming it's 20% 
just to stay with that number there is a ﬁxed hurdle rate that is provided to the 
LAAS partner. So, beyond the ﬁxed hurdle rate, whatever that rate may be, if the 
20% is the rate you're charging the customer, the diﬀerence between the hurdle 
rate and the 20% on their 80% is what we keep for all the services that are 

provided, which is basically sourcing the customer, servicing the customer and 
collecƟng on the customer as well. So, and this is a mammoth eﬀort, right from 
sourcing to collecƟon. So, that's why there's that ﬁxed hurdle that is provided to 
the LAAS partner while we keep the balance and on our 20% capital contribuƟon, 
we keep the enƟre yield. There is a split between interest income and non-interest 
income because there's also a processing fee and there are certain other charges 
that get split accordingly so that’s the answer to your quesƟon. Also, on the BC 
relaƟonship so with Shivalik Small Finance Bank for instance, the BC partnership 
where they fund 100% on their books, we do the sourcing, servicing and 
collecƟon. There all of it gets booked in non-interest income. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
So, out of 20%, if hurdle is 15% on 80%, 15 goes to co-lender. Correct? And that 
doesn't form part of your interest income. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Correct. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
And 5% on their 80 is part of your interest income or other income? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
No, that is part of our other income, but there's PF and there are other charges, 
for example, whether it's penal, whether there's insurance income, etc., all of that 
will go into non-interest. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Understood, and any updates on credit raƟng now or Ɵmelines for credit raƟng 
upgrade post the fund raising? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
So, I mean, we are BBB+ rated with Infomerics, we have a BBB with CARE. We are 
hoping the raƟng agencies take cognizance of not just the fact that we have grown 
the loan book in a very risk miƟgated manner and taken it up from March 2020 
when it was 36.7 crores to over 800 crores today and the split of the book has 
become a lot safer where gross NPA has gone down from almost 5% at that Ɵme 
to about 1.1%. We’re hoping the raƟng agencies take cognizance of the fact and 
look to see what they can do with our raƟng. I can’t give you speciﬁcs on Ɵming. 
Obviously, that is up to the raƟng agencies, but hopefully with new equity coming 
in as well, our  debt-to-equity going down from 2x to 1.2x that should have a 
posiƟve impact hopefully. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Okay. So, for this quarter, your interest expenses 182 million if I take it as average 
of last two quarters’ borrowing it comes to 16.4 annualized. Out of which you’re 
saying 18 crores, 1.7 is to promoter. If I knock that oﬀ, your borrowing cost is sƟll 
15%. So this 15%, is that a fair number? 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
No, that is not a fair like I menƟoned to you there is that non-cash expense, right, 
which moves around from quarter-to-quarter depending on the amount of debt 
that you raised in the quarter. Incrementally we raised money at 12.4% in the 
second quarter, it was slightly lower in the ﬁrst quarter which is closer to about 
11.9% in the ﬁrst quarter and I menƟoned that in my remarks as well that the 
sharp decline that we saw in the ﬁrst quarter was not replicated in the second 
quarter. Second quarter it was actually up a litle bit and that is I think the rate 
environment globally and not just in India. So, incrementally 12.4%, our total cost 
of funds today are about 12.9%, which has gone up from 11.9% 12 months ago. 
And the reason for that is the rate hikes got passed on to us. Our endeavor is to 
bring this down by about 100 to 150 basis points over the course of the next 18 
months. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Rohan just so as you said 12.9% on current borrowing of I think 470. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
I will be very happy to take that with you oﬄine, Ankur. We can run you through 
the whole math line by line, no problem at all. I think it’ll be more appropriate if 
we take that oﬄine. 
 

Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Credit raƟng or if there is an upgrade to 100 plus basis. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Whatever happens, if you have a credit raƟng, whenever that does happen, that 
again is dependent enƟrely on the raƟng agencies, how they look at, how safe of 
an enƟty we are now going forward given the fact that our net-worth should be 
closer to about 400 crores and we've done 4 rounds of equity infusion now with 
this one over the last four years. Incrementally, the funding cost will go down. It's 
not that it will go down on the enƟre back book, but incremental funding costs 
should go down. The diﬀerence between a BBB+ and a BBB rated enƟty for 
example. The diﬀerence would be close to about 100 to 120 basis points on 
incremental funding. Obviously, if you go into the A minus raƟng whenever that 
does happen over a period of Ɵme, then the diﬀerence becomes much larger 
because a lot more banks can fund you much larger amounts once you break into 
the A family. 
 
Mr. Ankur GulaƟ: 
 
Okay. Fine. All right Thanks. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Thank you Ankur. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen if you wish to ask a quesƟon you may press 
“*” and “1” on your touch stone telephone. ParƟcipants if you wish to join the 
quesƟon queue you may press “*” and “1”.  As there are no further quesƟons, I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
 
Mr. Rohanjeet Singh Juneja: 
 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. I wish everyone a very Happy and 
Prosperous Dhanteras and Happy Diwali. Look forward to talking to you all on the 
next call. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. On behalf of TruCap Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
************** 
 
